===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources First Quarter 2025 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Investor Relations, Vice President of EOG Resources, Mr. Pearce Hammond. Please go ahead, sir.
Pearce Hammond: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the EOG Resources first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. I am Pearce Hammond, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated Investor Presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today’s discussion. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning later today. As a reminder, this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings. This conference call may also contain certain historical and forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures and related discussion can be found on the Investor Relations section of EOG’s website. In addition, some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves as well as estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Leitzell, Chief Operating Officer; Ann Janssen, Chief Financial Officer; and Keith Trasko, Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production. Here’s Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Pearce. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. EOG is off to an exceptional start in 2025. In the first quarter, we delivered outstanding results across our diverse multi-basin portfolio, positioning the company to achieve an even greater success this year. Our production and total per unit cash operating costs and DD&A all exceeded targets, driving strong financial performance. We earned $1.6 billion in adjusted net income and generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow, underscoring our commitment to value creation. True to our track record of rewarding shareholders, $1.3 billion was returned to shareholders through our regular dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. EOG’s operational excellence continues to translate into robust returns and a steady stream of cash flow generation, setting the company up for further success in 2025 and beyond. Quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, EOG has consistently delivered exceptional operational performance across our core assets, while also advancing new opportunities in our emerging plays. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation, strategically investing across our portfolio at the right pace, has generated free cash flow every year since 2016 and established a strong foundation for a sustainable, growing regular dividend and a balance sheet that stands out not just within our industry, but across the broader market. EOG is well-positioned for the cycles with a strong financial position, low cost structure and the ability to flex activity across multiple high-return investments. Our success is anchored by one of the industry’s most diverse high-return and deep multi-basin portfolios with over 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent of high-quality resources. The depth and quality of our resource portfolio positions EOG for long-term sustainable growth and value creation. Capital discipline at EOG means more than just focusing on high-return assets. It’s about being agile and responsive to the broader macro environment. In light of our strong first quarter performance and potential near-term impacts on global demand due to ongoing discussions regarding tariffs, we are proactively optimizing our 2025 capital investment while maintaining first quarter oil production levels throughout the year. At the midpoint of guidance, this $200 million reduction in capital investment is expected to enhance 2025 free cash flow, while still delivering approximately 2% year-over-year oil growth. The first quarter saw strong global oil demand, moderating U.S. supply growth and inventory levels below the five-year range, supportive of the medium-term and long-term outlook for both oil and gas. We remain constructive on both oil and gas playing a significant role in the long-term need for reliable low cost energy. The near-term, however, is reflecting speculation on oil demand impacts associated with tariff announcements, which has softened prices. We expect to see a return to market fundamentals and pricing firming up as more transparency is applied to the tariffs and negotiation turns to implementation. Regarding natural gas, our 2025 plan remains consistent with investments delivering approximately 12% year-over-year growth at the midpoint of guidance. A cold start to winter and increases in LNG feedstock coupled with a subdued supply response has left current inventory levels near the five-year average in a year that we believe is an inflection point for North American demand. Led by LNG and increased power demand, we see the potential for 4% to 6% compound annual growth rate in natural gas demand between now and the end of the decade and are well-positioned to deliver natural gas into multiple markets and demand centers across our portfolio. EOG’s multi-basin strength, in-house operational excellence, proprietary technology and self-sourced materials uniquely position us as a low cost, highly efficient operator with exposure to diverse products and pricing. Backed by our rigorous investment standards and rock solid balance sheet, we are continuing to make strategic investments that drive both near-term performance and long-term value for shareholders. Our opportunities continue to grow, both domestically and internationally. We’re actively pursuing an exciting organic exploration program, driving expansion in our inventory across existing assets by reducing well costs, improving productivity and strategically adding bolt-on acquisitions. For example, after active development for over a decade, our Eagle Ford asset continues to deliver high-returns as we apply best practices developed both in and out of basin. Recently, we have added a strategic bolt-on acquisition in the Eagle Ford, further strengthening the quality and quantity of our Eagle Ford inventory. This contiguous acreage immediately benefits from long laterals and existing EOG infrastructure, offering both operational efficiency and high-returns. Internationally, yesterday, we announced an oil discovery in our Trinidad asset, capping off a successful 2024 drilling campaign and continuing over 30 years’ success in the region. This is a fantastic development, and Jeff will provide additional details shortly. In addition, our international exploration team is preparing for our entry into Bahrain, where we plan to start drilling an onshore unconventional tight gas sand prospect in the second half of 2025. To wrap up, I want to emphasize EOG’s core value proposition. We’re committed to sustainable value creation throughout the industry cycle, driven by a disciplined focus on high-return investments, optimizing both short-term and long-term free cash flow, along with a pristine balance sheet and strong regular dividend that sets us apart from our peers. Our operational excellence, combined with our dedication to sustainability, is fueled by EOG’s unique culture, a decentralized collaborative approach that drives innovation at the asset level. By leveraging technology to make real-time decisions, we continuously improve efficiency, lower costs and boost margins, ensuring long-term visibility for strong returns and free cash flow generation no matter where we are in the cycle. Now, here’s Ann with details on our financial performance.
Ann Janssen: Thanks, Ezra. In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.87, and adjusted cash flow per share of $5.09. First quarter free cash flow was $1.3 billion. We had a strong quarter of cash return to our shareholders anchored by our sustainable regular dividend of over $500 million and share buybacks of nearly $800 million. Our share repurchases are a clear demonstration of our commitment to shareholders. To-date, we have repurchased nearly $5 billion of stock over the course of nine consecutive quarters, reducing our share count by 7%. Our assets continue to improve, and by repurchasing shares, we are able to increase shareholder interest in our world class multi-basin portfolio. We remain committed to opportunistic share buybacks, and our balance sheet provides the ability to return greater than 100% of annual free cash flow in the near-term. We have optimized our 2025 plan and are reducing capital investments by $200 million. At the midpoints of guidance, we now expect to generate $4 billion in free cash flow at $65 WTI and $3.75 Henry Hub. We can fund our $6 billion CapEx program this year as well as the regular dividend at WTI oil prices averaging in the low-50s. We remain committed to optimizing our balance sheet and reaffirm our targets of $5 billion to $6 billion in cash and total debt to EBITDA at less than 1 times at bottom cycle prices of $45 WTI. At the end of the first quarter, our cash balance was $6.6 billion with long-term debt at $4.7 billion. Subsequently, we repaid a $500 million debt maturity in April from cash on hand and executed on the bolt-on acquisition in the Eagle Ford. This $275 million bolt-on adds over a full-year of drilling inventory that is immediately competitive with our current drilling program. EOG is exceptionally well-positioned given our returns focused investments at bottom cycle prices, peer-leading balance sheet, low cost production and history of exceptional operational execution. Now, here’s Jeff to review operating results.
Jeff Leitzell: Thanks, Ann. I would first like to thank all of our employees for their outstanding performance and efficient operational execution. Our first quarter volumes, total per unit cash operating costs and DD&A beat targets. First quarter CapEx was slightly lower than guidance largely due to timing. Q1 volume outperformance was due to better than expected well productivity across our portfolio and specifically improved productivity from our Dorado dry gas asset in South Texas. For the remainder of 2025, we are optimizing our activity levels and resetting full-year CapEx to $6 billion. This updated plan will hold oil production flat compared to the first quarter throughout the remainder of the year, revising our 2025 oil production and total production growth to 2% and 5% respectively. Capital for the year is essentially split evenly between the first half and the second half. Regarding cadence, we still expect capital to peak in the second quarter with a modest decline in the third quarter. For our updated plan, we have modestly reduced activity in the Delaware Basin, the Eagle Ford and the Powder River Basin, while keeping activity unchanged in Utica and Dorado. In regards to well cost, we still anticipate a year-over-year low-single-digit percentage reduction and do not expect any impact to our 2025 program from tariffs. We are assuming flat service pricing for high spec rigs and frac equipment throughout the year, but maintain flexibility to capture reduced market rates should they materialize. We continue to make significant strides on operational efficiency gains, well cost reductions and productivity improvements across the entire portfolio including the emerging plays. A good example of this is in our South Texas Dorado Play, where we continue to build on our operational successes by maintaining at least one full rig program. With this consistent activity, we are realizing an additional 15% increase in drill feet per day compared to 2024. In addition, we continue to increase our pumping rates for high intensity completions and are observing a sustained improvement in well performance as well as driving efficiencies. Through the first quarter, we are realizing a 10% increase in well productivity on a per foot basis, boosting the returns of these already prolific gas wells. This is why we believe Dorado is the lowest cost dry gas play in North America with a direct breakeven price of approximately $1.40 per Mcf with access to multiple demand centers. In the Eagle Ford, we have been able to reduce our well cost per foot with increased efficiencies by continuing to extend lateral lengths. For 2025, we have plans to test four plus mile laterals and are targeting a direct total well cost for the Eagle Ford program of $515 per foot. Also in the Eagle Ford, we are pleased to announce a bolt-on acquisition of approximately 30,000 net acres that is the largest remaining undeveloped core Eagle Ford acreage tract. This bolt-on acquisition includes the ability to extend laterals in adjacent EOG leases, boosting returns and lowering finding cost. Also, it will benefit from existing surface infrastructure in the area to help minimize indirect investment. The acreage immediately competes for capital with our existing portfolio and we will begin drilling operations this year. This Eagle Ford acquisition is another great example of the type of bolt-on deals that we pursue as they add tremendous value to the play and for our shareholders. In the Delaware Basin, we are pleased to announce that our Janus Gas Processing Plant has been commissioned and brought online. This completes the second of our strategic infrastructure projects and follows the Verde Natural Gas Pipeline, which commenced service last year connecting our Dorado asset to the market center in Agua Dulce with 1 billion cubic feet per day of capacity. We are extremely pleased with the results of both of these projects which will enhance EOG’s long-term margin expansion. In addition, the Williams Texas Louisiana Energy Pathway, TLEP project has commenced service. EOG has 364 million cubic feet per day of capacity reserved on TLEP which provides access to premium price gas markets in the Southeast. It is projects like these and proactive work by our marketing team that allows EOG to deliver superior gas realizations versus peers. In our Trinidad asset, we continue to create significant shareholder value, having been in the Columbus Basin for over 30 years, our sub-surface knowledge, operations expertise and strong partnerships in the region are unlocking additional resource potential. Last year, we successfully set the Mento platform which we are currently drilling on. We sanctioned another platform named Coconut and yesterday announced we have drilled a successful discovery well named Beryl. The Beryl well is located in approximately 170 feet of water in the TSP deep area and countered 125 plus feet of high-quality oil bearing net pay. We are currently progressing this project to final investment decision with our partner. And finally, on the sustainability front, after meeting our 2025 targets originally set in 2020, we’ve updated our goals in-line with new EPA reporting standards. We are pleased to announce two new near-term targets. The first goal is to reduce our GHG emissions intensity rate by 25% from our 2019 based year levels by 2030. And second is to maintain near-zero methane emissions for 2025 through 2030 of 0.2% or less. We have made outstanding progress in our emissions reductions efforts over the last five years and still see ample opportunities to make continued progress with a variety of detection, measurement and capture tools. Technologies and processes like iSense, our in-house continuous methane monitoring system, tank vapor capture and compression optimization have driven company-wide improvements and given us confidence in our ability to execute on further reductions. These updated targets demonstrate EOG’s continued commitment to sustainability, focusing on reducing our emissions intensity and advancing our strong environmental performance. After a strong first quarter EOG is well-positioned to execute on its full-year plan, and we are excited about the opportunities in front of us. Now, here’s Ezra, to wrap up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Jeff. I’d like to note the following important takeaways. First, we are off to an exceptional start in 2025 and our multi-basin portfolio is firing on all cylinders. Second, capital discipline is a core pillar of our value proposition, and we have optimized our 2025 capital investment to protect shareholder returns and support higher free cash flow generation. Third, we expect to continue to deliver in 2025 and beyond for our investors. Our disciplined approach to investment across our foundational and emerging assets continues to grow the free cash flow potential of the company, both in the short-term and long-term. Overall, our success is grounded in our commitment to capital discipline, operational excellence and sustainability, all underpinned by our culture. Thanks for listening. Now, we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And, your first question today will come from Arun Jayaram with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. Ezra, EOG is a bit of a canary in the coal mine, given your decision to pull back a little bit on capital. I guess some of the questions we got from the buy side is on Slide 7, you highlight, call it, returns above 100% at $55 and $3 and some investors wondering if maybe higher cost producers that sit at the higher-end of the U.S. shale cost curve should be the first ones to cut. And, I was wondering if you could just maybe elaborate on this decision and thoughts on what would cause you to further reduce CapEx as the macro picture evolves?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun, good morning. Thanks for the question. I’m not going to speculate or comment on other producers higher on the cost curve. What I would say is our decision to reduce CapEx doesn’t reflect any deterioration to the economics of reinvestment at the current prices. It’s really a function of capital discipline to protect our shareholder returns and free cash flow. We’re more focused on generating returns and free cash flow than on delivering volume growth in what looks like could be a potentially oversupplied market in the near-term. So, the important thing to take away, I think, is that the updated plan still allows each asset to improve year-over-year, takes advantages of broader opportunities we see to improve our business. The focus on capital discipline for EOG over years, that’s what’s really helped support and create EOG’s low cost structure and our industry-leading balance sheet. We’ve got strong confidence that we can continue to get better, allow us to continue to lower breakevens as we add lower cost reserves and ultimately remain focused on optimizing both short-term and long-term free cash flow generation.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Makes total sense to us. My follow-up is the company returned 100% of free cash flow in 1Q. I was wondering if you could talk about thoughts on cash return in a tougher macro pictures. Looking at the 10-Q, it does appear that EOG is quite active in April. Looks like you bought back maybe up to 5 million shares, but give us your thoughts, Ezra and Ann, around cash return in a more challenging macro picture?
Ann Janssen: Hi, good morning, Arun. This is Ann. EOG’s approach to our cash return remains unchanged to what we’ve laid out previously. Our strong balance sheet is giving us the ability to return more than 100% of our free cash flow generation to shareholders in the near-term. We’re off to a great start through the first quarter of 2025, and we continue to remain opportunistic with regards to buybacks. Given the current market conditions and the potential we see in our business today, we expect additional cash returns to continue to be through the share repurchase program.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. You know, Ezra, I think you might have just answered the question I had, but I’m going to try and ask it anyway. On Slide 19, you so long standing slide you’ve had you showed a $12 billion to $22 billion three-year cumulative free cash flow. And, the comments you made earlier $4 billion is the number for this year by cutting the capital back. And, what I’m trying to figure out is, you never gave us a capital number along with Slide 19. So, is this how we should think about it that you’re ultimately flexing your capital to protect that $12 billion to $22 billion target, or is it not as formulaic as that?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I would say let me remind everyone that the three-year scenario was never intended to be guidance per se. I think directionally though, it is still accurate. And, there were some assumptions in that scenario, low-single-digit year-over-year oil growth, high-single-digit year-over-year total production growth. And, we actually assumed a cost structure that was basically static from the 2024 levels. With regards to your question, I think you’re headed down the right path, Doug, and I’d say, in general, I agree with you. What you’ve seen today is a step to protecting shareholder value and shareholder returns by taking a step that really builds off of our strong first quarter performance. And, then we also see potential near-term impacts like I talked about with global oil demand due to the ongoing discussions regarding tariffs. So, we’ve proactively taken the step to optimize our plan, pull-back on $200 million capital, which actually, again, going back to the strong first quarter performance delivers a more capital efficient plan. It protects free cash flow and ultimately reflects shareholder returns throughout this year.
Doug Leggate: It keeps you right in-line with that target. I guess my follow-up is, I’ll be candid some of the feedback we got after results last night was well. If EOG is not growing oil production and they’re spending $6 billion, how does that jive with the $4.5 billion, $4.7 billion sustaining capital number? And, I guess my question is, there’s obviously a lot of other things in that $6 billion. Where would the next area of capital flexibility come? Would it be drilling activity, or would it be some of the peripheral issues like infrastructure and exploration and so on?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. It’s a little bit difficult to answer without speculating what type of environment we’re specifically in. So, maybe start at the top. Last November, we did talk about a range of maintenance capital cases, kind of in the range of [4.3 to 4.9] (ph). And, the reason for the range is some of the stuff that you’re hitting on. It contemplates, are we trying to keep oil flat? Are we trying to keep equivalents flat? Are we in an environment, quite frankly, similar to 2020, where we’ve really high-graded the business just to a point to keep volumes relatively flat and we’re not investing in exploration or investing in anything else? The way to think about where we’re at today is, clearly, it’s not a maintenance case. We have grown year-over-year about 11,000 barrels a day at the midpoint. And again, we are continuing to invest in the business. We’re continuing to invest in our emerging assets. We’re continuing to invest in pretty significant gas growth. And, where we’ve actually reduced some of the capital investment has really been on the plays where we have the absolute most flexibility, and those are in some of our legacy assets. So, without trying to frame up exactly what environment it is, if we were to take the next step on further reduction in capitals, it’s certainly hard to imagine an environment where we would let our volumes drop. That would have to be something as dramatic as 2020. Again, I think it’s the only time I can remember us letting that happen. But again, we would have to monitor. It’s always a balance between optimizing your near-term free cash flow generation and your long-term. And, what that means is investing in some of those emerging assets and exploration to continue to drive forth the longer-term future free cash flow generation potential of the company.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning, guys. I also have two questions. First, in the commodity business, particularly like oil and gas, what we have seen in the past that, at the downturn of the cycle, typically that for the well-positioned companies such as you guys with a very strong balance sheet, that’s a way that you can make the differences and drastically widen your competitive edge, either that by buying a huge amount of the stock or that doing some transformative acquisition. And so, I guess my question is that for you guys, when you’re looking out, it looks like a lot of the easy target, good quality asset is already being picked off. Do you still see a lot of opportunity from an acquisition target standpoint out there, that from a quality standpoint that can well fit into your portfolio, or that you say, look, the most of the best asset that is already being picked. So at this point, it’s really better off for us to continue to buy back. So, that’s the first question. So, I want to see how the management is thinking on those areas? The second question is on your international asset or particular name, Trinidad. I think after being pretty steady, you are doing a lot of activity over there. So, how should we look at that business in, say, five years’ time? What is the size of the business you can grow to? And, does the management, from a regional diversification standpoint, have any desire saying that international become a much bigger portion of your overall portfolio? If you do, any kind of target you have in mind? Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Paul, this is Ezra. There’s a lot there. So, let me try to dissect it piece-by-piece and we’ll get through the questions. I think the first one really centered around, in a downturn environment with a strong position company like ours, kind of buyback versus M&A opportunities. And, it’s a great question because we’ve talked about before how our company with the low cost of operations, the pristine balance sheet and our multi-basin portfolio, we’re really set up for counter-cyclic opportunities. And, it’s one reason we like to keep some excess cash on the balance sheet. The first thing I would say is, we don’t consider those things to be mutually exclusive. I think we’re focused on creating shareholder value and doing it in whatever way we think is the most optimal at the time. I think the first quarter is a great example of this where we did buyback a significant amount of stock, roughly $800 million repurchased in shares, but we also were able to execute on a small bolt-on acquisition that really ticks off all of the criteria when we talk about M&A and some of the challenges with M&A competing internally for our capital. And, what I mean by that is and we should add, it’s not just M&A, I would say exploration opportunities as well. We consider them the same. We look at them through a returns focused lens and which one will generate the most returns for our shareholders, which is really competitive with our existing portfolio. If we look at the Eagle Ford as an example, this bolt-on acquisition that we did, it’s largely undrilled, it comes with very, very little PDP. And so, the nice thing about it is, it competes for capital immediately. Even though at a corporate level, we’ve pulled back some drilling activity, we’re actually drilling on this acquisition this year. And so, it speaks to the quality and the addition of it. So Paul, in a downturn environment, I think that’s how you should be considering our ability to invest counter-cyclically and make the company better. With regards to the international investment in specifically Trinidad, I believe, was the second question. We’ve actually had pretty consistent investment there for a number of years. In Trinidad, while it’s an exciting program and we continue to see margin expansion there because the quality of the reservoirs and platforms that we continue to drill, I would point out that we do have partners. So typically, the net impact is usually a little bit less than what we’re used to seeing with our onshore. But ultimately, when you think about the returns profile that those assets give to us, they’re very competitive with the portfolio. And, one of the things that really allows us to continue to have success there is the fact that we’ve had such a long relationship, long-term position in the country. We’ve been active in the Columbus Basin, as we talked about in the opening comments, for over 30 years. And so, it really comes back to our sub-surface knowledge and our operational expertise in the shallow water there, they continue to open up opportunities for us.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Ezra, you’ve given a pretty good overview on why you look to optimize your activity levels in light of the macro environment. But if there is a persistent weak oil market, but gas remains firm, how do you think about like capital allocation changing to more gassy areas like Dorado and maybe even targeting more of the gassy intervals in the Permian Basin?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott. We remain very optimistic and very bullish on the long-term outlook for natural gas. Like I said in the opening remarks, we think ‘25 is an inflection point. You’re starting to see some of the LNG come online. I think LNG nameplate capacity is up 2.5 Bcf a day year-over-year already. We continue to see strong increases in natural gas for power demand. And ultimately, where we see ourselves even today here kind of in shoulder season with inventory levels at the five year average, very well-positioned to progress into the summer months and throughout the rest of 2025. As far as chasing inventory levels or commodity price, on gas, that’s never really been part of our focus, right, because we do recognize that while we see ‘25 as an inflection point and demand increasing, we do think gas, just by nature of how tied it is to weather, is that gas always has a bit of a higher volatility related to oil. So, our most important focus with developing Dorado has been maintaining our low cost structure and making sure that we’re investing in that asset at the right pace so that we can continue to have value creation on the gas side through the cycle. By keeping activity going there, you can see that we’ve been able to increase our drilled feet per day by 15%. In recent times, we’ve made completed feet per day increase by 15% as well. And, you can see on our recent slide disclosure there the breakevens that we’ve highlighted there is we’ve driven the breakevens in Dorado down to the $1.40 level. So, we’re very happy with our progress there in Dorado. I think we’re investing in that asset at a pace commensurate with our gas takeaway position. And, I’m not sure if we would lean in on that any more aggressively. It’s not a play where we want to get into a position where we outrun our pace of learnings.
Scott Hanold: Okay. Appreciate that. And yes, that $1.40 number was definitely a pleasant surprise to see. It’s pretty impressive. As my follow-up then too is, you did highlight cost improvements across your asset base. You talked about like Eagle Ford $1 per foot. The Utica dropped now below what you’d previously seen. In light of I’d say kind of some pushes and pulls with tariff risk on some costs, but obviously potentially some softer [OFS] (ph) costs and continued efficiencies. What do you think about 2026, and maybe any kind of thoughts on ‘27 in terms of like where do well cost trends go for EOG?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Scott, this is, Jeff. I mean looking out towards ‘26 and ‘27 right now with the volatility and the uncertainty with tariffs, it’s pretty tough to see exactly how that’s going to play out. What I would say is we feel really confident this year that first off, we’re not going to have any impact from tariffs and on our well costs. I think our supply chain teams have done an outstanding job of proactively purchasing an inventory in our necessary needs. And, we feel really good about where those costs are going to sit. We still think we’re going to be kind of at that low-single-digit percentage this year. But, what I will say about that is, I think it’s primarily going to be, as you talked about, be driven by the sustainable efficiency gains that we’ve seen. When you’re looking at the drilling side, the EOG technology and the motors continues to push forward efficiencies. The longer laterals have had a big move and you can see us rolling that out across the portfolio. And then, even on the completion side, we’ve talked about just adding the horsepower. I mean, not only getting better well-performance out of it, we’re also getting better efficiencies. So, outward is really it’s tough to any kind of resolution, kind of beyond this year, but we feel really confident about where we’re at this year. And, if I look even too at service cost, just to give you a little color there, we don’t see a whole lot of pullback right now even from service costs. The high spec services that we use, we see that they’re still in pretty high utilization across the industry. So, we’ll keep an eye on the market though and we’ll kind of evaluate any impactable pull-back and we’ll just look for areas that we can take advantage on the well cost side as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Leo Mariani with Roth. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hi, wanted to just ask a little about more about the Dorado Play here. So, just kind of wanted to get a sense of kind of what the returns are on that asset, say, at kind of $4 gas, which is, I guess, fairly close to what strip prices are in 2026? And, what are the kind of the similar returns on some of the core oil plays, Delaware, Eagle Ford, let’s say, $55 oil. I was hoping you could just kind of do a little bit of a compare and contrast on the returns of those two assets here?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this is Ezra. Yes, at $4 gas, you can see with the breakeven that we’ve talked about today, Dorado is very, very it’s a very compelling investment. The key, of course, is making sure that, that investment continues to have the high rates of return if we see a pull-back from that $4 strip, right? And so, it speaks again to investing in each of these emerging assets at the right pace to make sure from Day 1, we’re delivering low cost reserves into our portfolio. As far as comparing it to a $55, one way to look at it is on Slide 7, where we talk about our multi-basin portfolio in general. At $55 and $3 gas, we’re talking about $10 billion barrels of equivalence resource that delivers over 100% after tax rate of return. So, at $55 in general, our oil plays have deliver a very competitive return as well. One thing to keep in mind, obviously, is across our portfolio of assets, those returns fluctuate with not only well cost but the shape of the curves and the type of reservoir that we’re talking about as well. So, it’s one of the reasons that while returns are still kind of the primary form that we evaluate our wells by, our consideration of what creates value has evolved. We begin with returns, but we really look at things like net present value. We look at returns of multiple price decks. We look at margin expansion and payback period and some other key metrics to make sure that we’re doing the best that we can to create value for our shareholders.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Appreciate that. And then just obviously, you guys made the decision to cut some capital out of the program here this year. Basically you’re kind of flattening out oil for the rest of the year here. But, just with respect to kind of some of the timing, is that $200 million of CapEx and activity reductions kind of more in the second half of the year? And then I guess presumably could there be a bit more production impact in 2026? And, you also mentioned tariffs don’t impact 2025, but would you guys have exposure there in 2026?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Leo, this is Jeff. Yes, the majority of the $200 million I mean, it’s really kind of spread through the rest of the year. I mean, obviously, with the full second half still out there, the majority of it is in the second half of the year. And, what I’d really kind of point out about how we pulled back and I think Ezra really hit on it is, we’re really focused more on our more active areas, the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford. And, the reason is we’ve got plenty of activity there. They’re kind of finely oiled machines I would say and these plays can continue to drive the improvements in the efficiency gains that we’ve seen. So, that’s really where we pulled back about 15 wells there in the Delaware and 10 less in the Eagle Ford. And then, the real focus is maintaining our activity in our emerging plays, basically the Utica and the Dorado. So, no changes with those at all. We’re still going to have 20% more completions in both of those. And when looking at the Utica, we’ll end with two full rigs and one frac fleet. Then in Dorado, we’ll maintain that one rig. And then lastly, on the international front, just to kind of round it out so you know, there’s no changes there. We’re going to still execute on our Mento program down there in Trinidad and continue building the Coconut facility. And then in Bahrain, no changes on the exploration side there. And then when we built this plan, we strategically put it together and optimized it to make sure we had a lot of flexibility heading into ‘26. So, we don’t expect any effects on capital efficiency or our ability to execute on really a wide range of potential plans in ‘26. So, we’ll just have to see how the macro plays out before we have any more commentary on where we go for ‘26.
Operator: And, your next question today will come from Derrick Whitfield with Texas Capital. Please go ahead.
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning, all, and thanks for your capital discipline leadership. From a CapEx perspective, you highlighted flat service prices for high spec equipment in your prepared remarks and an earlier question. If we were to experience a more protracted period of depressed prices in the low-50s, could you broadly speak to your views on service prices in that environment and the structure of your service contracts as they stand today?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Derrick, this is Jeff. It’s hard to tell. Obviously, there’s a certain point where it will break over and you’ll have enough activity that drops off on the high spec services. I don’t exactly know where the line on the sand is with that, but obviously we’ll keep an eye on it. We’ll watch how the market evolves and we’ll be consistently working with our suppliers and rebidding to make sure that we have the ultimate flexibility and we can take advantage of any kind of pricing drops there. So, as far as flexibility though, the great thing about it is we built a lot of flexibility into what we have contracted in our agreements out there with our service providers and really don’t have any issues with either stepping up or stepping down activity. I think we’ve kind of demonstrated that in the past with multiple times when we’ve been able to manage activity and move. And, I think that’s one of the great benefits as we’ve talked about our multi-basin portfolio and the consistent returns around it that we’re able to really move activity very, very quickly and have a lot of flexibility with all those agreements.
Derrick Whitfield: Great. Regarding gas marketing, we’re continuing to see demand outlets along the Gulf Coast, with Woodside being the latest LNG project to reach FID. As you look out beyond 2027 on Slide 10 of your 1Q earnings deck, how are you broadly thinking about the amount of exposure you’d like to have in the LNG markets versus domestic markets?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Derrick. Appreciate the question. Yes, I’d say we’ve done a great job being a first mover kind of lining up our gas sales agreements to first be able to get our gas offshore and then second be able to expose ourselves to kind of a portfolio of different pricing mechanisms. As you mentioned, Slide 10 illustrates some of those different mechanisms where we have some sales that are Brent linked, some sales that are linked to JKM and then some that are straight to Henry Hub. So, I’d continue to think about it that way. We have structured each of our agreements to be a gas sales agreement. So, we FOB stateside there. We don’t take any risk overseas or have any gas on water or anything like that. And, we would look to continue to be more than likely counter-cyclic when looking for opportunities to step into favorable contract negotiations. The two things that we continue to focus on is exposure of our gas to get it offshore. And then, the second thing is to continue to expose ourselves to diverse pricing indices. That’s the biggest thing is that being able to be exposed to different prices with low cost gas at the right time because as the world becomes a little bit smaller with respect to LNG and North America continues to get our LNG offshore, you’re going to have the opportunity to be exposed to global arbitrages wherever they may occur. And, having your gas there and exposed to the pricing indices at that time is the only way to capitalize on it.
Operator: And, your next question today will come from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning. We’ve always thought of Trinidad as primarily a gas play, but you discovered oil at Beryl. What’s your view of additional oil opportunities around Trinidad? And, are there any other oil targets in the exploration plan?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Scott, this is Jeff. Primarily, Trinidad obviously has been more gas than oil. But what I will say is at least on this prospect with Beryl, we knew going into it that there was a potential of an oil bearing target there. I think the questions really were just how prolific it was going to be and whether or not it was going to be large enough to be economic. So, obviously, whenever you’re looking at gas and oil, there’s several geologic factors that really influence that, whether it’s a depth, a source rock, the position within structure. But ultimately what we really use to identify this is just the advanced seismic tools, to really see the accumulations and try to really tell whether it’s gas or oil. And then, what we ultimately did is confirm the fluid type from an exploration aspect. So, what I’d say is on this particular prospect, we did have a good line-of-sight that we did have an oil bearing sand, and we’ll continue to look for those opportunities as we move forward. And, we feel obviously there’s still a lot of upside as Ezra has talked about in the future just with our shallow offshore expertise there in Trinidad and a lot of our very aligned partnerships down there. We think there’s going to be a lot of additional entries that we can have to continue to explore additional gas and oil opportunities.
Scott Gruber: I appreciate that. And then, turning to OpEx, cash costs be here in 1Q, you flex down your full-year guide. Can you provide some color on what drove the beat in 1Q? And, just given lower oil prices, is there more to go on potentially reducing OpEx even further?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Scott, this is Jeff again. I think there is still a lot of room to go because just like on our well cost, OpEx is no difference. We’re continuing to drive forward and look for ways to optimize there and get more efficient and that’s really what our teams are doing. So, just a little bit of color on the variance there from an expense standpoint. On the LOE side, yes, we were a little bit lower in forecast in Q1, had a little bit of volumes beat there, but really we just had some lower workover expense across our divisions. And that really carries through also to our full-year guide there where we’ve got some less labor costs and workover expense. And, that’s really just due to the strong base production and less downtime we’re seeing across the portfolio. And, a lot of that has to do obviously with our teams in the field, but it also has to do with the technology that we utilize and we deploy out there with our control rooms and as we’ve talked about some of the optimizers. Continuing on GP&T, we were a little higher there in the first quarter, but nothing really out of line. And then, full-year obviously is down a little bit just because of some anticipated compression related costs. And also, you see with gas prices being a little bit reduced, we potentially could see some fuel savings there on the GP&T side. And then lastly, I just hit on maybe G&A. We were just few little minor cleanup things there. We were a little lower in the first quarter on headquarter benefits and then full-year right now, we’re really just looking at a decrease in overall employee related cost and headcount. We’re just not needing to add as many people just with how efficient the company is running at this point in time. So, really happy with how things are rolling up for the year and we’re continuing to look for ways to drive down those operating expenses.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Hey, good morning, Ezra and team. Just two quick ones here. The South Texas Eagle Ford bolt-on, its building out looks like an incremental 30,000 acres here. So, just talk a little bit about it, what brings to the table and how you’re thinking about that?
Keith Trasko: Yes, good morning, Neil. This is Keith. We feel it’s a great transaction for EOG. We’ve been active in the Eagle Ford for 15 years now. So, we’re very familiar with the acreage held and what’s available in the area. This essentially was a hole in our acreage and it’s the largest remaining block of largely undeveloped core Eagle Ford acreage out there. So, there was strong stakeholder alignment between both parties, so we were able to transact on the block. What we love about it is that it immediately competes with our existing portfolio. We have drilling activity that’s going to be going on there this year. We’re very familiar with the geology of the area. We have geologic data, seismic well results on both sides of the acreage. We understand the area very well. It’s nearby EOG gathering systems and infrastructure. So, you’re talking about less indirect dollar investment that’s needed in there. The block itself is very well set up for long laterals. So, the transaction itself adds 123 mile locations. And, it also allows us to extend wells that we had previously planned on our former acreage footprint. So, there’s 35 of those wells that we’re able to increase by one mile on average. We also love that it has a high net revenue interest. And so overall, yes, it’s a 30,000 net acre position. The PDP that is on it is fairly modest. It’s $2,000 to $3,000 Boe per day. 85% of that is oil, but we do have to do some facilities upgrades on those wells to get them kind of up to EOG spec. So, that oil is not coming on until later in the year and it’s not a material effect on our plan. So overall, we’re very happy with the transaction. This adds to our long and successful track record of adding low cost resources across the multi-basin portfolio, including foundational assets like the Eagle Ford. So, the acquisition is a great example of the type of bolt-on deals that we look for and it was underwritten by a high-return threshold. It adds duration to a world-class asset and the transaction creates great value for the shareholders.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. That’s helpful. And then, as we’ve been through down cycles before most notably 2020 although that was an extreme. But, if you look back to that experience in the oil sell off that we had five years ago and if in a scenario where things get materially worse on front month oil which is not our base case but it’s certainly in the realm of possibility here over the next couple of days. What are the lessons that you learned from your 2020 experience that you would carry forward here, things like maybe having a little bit more capacity to buy back stock counter cyclically than you did back then or be more aggressive on them from an M&A perspective. Just your own perspective of how that experience could inform the future experience if things go wrong way?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, it’s a good question. It’s a little bit of what we can do today, but it’s really how we built the company over the last few years. It’s the low cost structure that we have. It’s the way that we contract with our agreements to allow us to have flexibility to move equipment between basins or even slow down our activity if we need to. It’s the strong balance sheet, as you said. It’s the cash on hand and the low total debt that we keep. And, we’ve talked about our total debt versus EBITDA target of being less than 1 times at bottom cycle prices or $45. Those are the things that we continue to do to position the company opportunities. The biggest thing about looking at the downturn before is the first thing is protecting your free cash flow and being able to protect your cash return to your shareholders and being committed to capital discipline. I think we’ve taken a big step in that today in letting our shareholders recognize that especially on the coming off of such a strong first quarter that we are focused on being capitally disciplined and that it is a core pillar of our value proposition. The second thing I would say is that we can take out of 2020 is that we do have an advantage to look for some counter-cyclic opportunities. In 2020, as you recall, that’s when we were able to put together some of the acreage in these exploration opportunities that we’re developing today as emerging assets. We were also able to counter-cyclically purchase some pipe that was able to go into the ground as part of our Dorado gas sales strategy. And back then, we did a number of small bolt-on acquisitions that added some 25,000 acres, if I’m recalling correctly, in the Permian Basin. So, those are the type of opportunities we look at, but it’s really about all the decisions you’re making on a day-to-day basis of how you want the company to be positioned, what’s important to the company’s value proposition and how your management team executes on that. That’s going to determine how flexible or how advantageous you can be in times of a pullback or a downturn.
Operator: Your next question today will come from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, [Ezra] (ph) to you and your whole team there. I wanted to pick up the discussion thread on barrel a bit more. You guys, I think it was Jeff who mentioned that you weren’t sure whether you’re going to get oil or gas there. But, I wonder if you could talk more about how this 125 feet that you saw came in versus pre-drill and whether that’s one zone or two zones or anything you care to share along those lines? And then, also can you give us a sense what the major steps towards FID are or will be? And should we be thinking 2,000 barrels a day net or 20,000 just order magnitude?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Charles, this is Jeff and thanks for the question. Well, the first thing I’d preface is obviously it’s real early in this. So, there’s not a lot of information, but as you said, it’s about 125 foot of consistent oil bearing sands and it was in about 170 foot of water. And the thing right now is we’re currently really refining all of our reservoir models to really understand the ultimate size of the prospect. And then also we’ve got our operations teams. They’re working through a lot of the other decisions like facility size, the specs of the platform and finalizing our completion and production design. And then, also I’d say the economics on our initial estimates that we talked about, I mean, it definitely justifies setting the platform. So, to move forward into the FID side of it, we’re really just engaging with the partners and getting to a final decision from that aspect. So, I mean, we’re obviously really excited about the discovery, but I’d like to reiterate it is still early. So, we’ll continue to kind of assess it. And then once we do work closer to that FID and work through it with our partners, we’ll have a lot more detail to be able to share with you then.
Charles Meade: Okay. That makes sense. And then, my follow-up on the Eagle Ford bolt-on, that looks like a great deal for you guys and it kind of seems like it’s maybe the unicorn left in the play with that big undeveloped position. Also but it looks different from a lot of the other deals we’ve seen in the Eagle Ford lately, which have been more PDP focused. Obviously, you guys paid a good amount for locations, but they’re fabulous locations. So, my question is, are there other deals like this out there? And is this the kind of thing that we should be expecting more from EOG either in the next year or in the next 18 or 24 months?
Keith Trasko: Yes, good morning. This is Keith. I’ll address the second part of your question first. I mean, we are always looking for bolt-on acquisitions, but they really need to compete with the existing portfolio and on a returns basis and on several of the other metrics that Ezra talked about. This one just really checked all the boxes and as you noted, it is largely undeveloped and it’s a fabulous piece of acreage that we are really confident in because we have results and data on all sides of it. I think that any we will always be looking but I wouldn’t expect something to be quite this large and undrilled as far as any future bolt-ons.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ezra Yacob for any closing remarks.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Thank you for joining us today. I would just like to thank our shareholders for your support and special thanks to our employees for delivering another exceptional quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Investor Relations Vice President of EOG Resources, Mr. Pearce Hammond. Please go ahead, sir.
Pearce Hammond: Yes. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the EOG Resources Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning later today. As a reminder, this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings. This conference call may also contain certain historical and forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures and related discussion can be found on the Investor Relations section of EOG's website. In addition, some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves as well as estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Leitzell, Chief Operating Officer; Ann Janssen, Chief Financial Officer; Keith Trasko, Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production; and Lance Terveen, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Midstream. Here's Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Pearce. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. EOG's consistent execution of our value proposition delivered another year of outstanding performance. Oil and total company production exceeded our original 2024 forecast while capital expenditures were on target. We also reduced cash operating costs year-over-year and increased our regular dividend 7%. We earned $6.6 billion of adjusted net income for a 25% return on capital employed. And in the 4 years since COVID, we have earned an average 28% return on capital employed and are outpacing the average of our peers. And finally, we returned 98% of free cash flow through a combination of our regular dividend and share repurchases. Looking forward to 2025, EOG has never been better positioned to deliver long-term shareholder value. Jeff will review our 2025 capital plan in more detail in a moment. However, at a high level, our plan builds on last year's success and is grounded in our commitment to first, capital discipline, returns-focused investments that supports continuous improvement across each of our assets. Second, operational excellence, integrating organic exploration with best-in-class operational expertise, proprietary information technology and self-sourced materials and marketing agreements to expand margins. Third, sustainability, a commitment to safe operations and leading environmental performance. And fourth, our culture, fostering a decentralized organization and recognizing the value is created in the field at the asset level by collaborative multidisciplinary teams utilizing technology to drive real-time decisions and innovation. The depth and quality of EOG's diverse portfolio of unconventional resources is unmatched. EOG holds more than 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent and resource potential that earns among the highest returns in our industry, averaging more than a 55% average direct after-tax rate of return using our updated view on the bottom cycle pricing of $45 oil and $2.50 natural gas. We continue to evaluate returns margins and payback period under several price scenarios remaining focused on optimizing half and full cycle returns with net present value to create shareholder value. The result of this comprehensive evaluation of investment across our portfolio is realized in the strong free cash flow generation and return on capital employed that we have delivered over the past few years and that we are positioned to deliver through the cycle. Our portfolio includes our core assets in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford, which remain the largest areas of activity in the company. After more than a decade of high return drilling both assets deliver exceptional returns and top-tier results while operating at a steady pace. Our emerging South Texas Dorado dry natural gas play and the Powder River Basin and Utica Combo plays are not only contributing to EOG's success today but laying the groundwork for years of future free cash flow generation and high returns. Another area contributing to the foundation for future high-return investment is on the international front. In Trinidad, where we've been operating for over 30 years, we continue to identify high-return projects due to our extensive knowledge of the regional subsurface while also applying our cost-conscious culture to remain capitally disciplined and deliver projects that compete with our domestic portfolio. In 2024, we successfully constructed and set 1 new offshore platform, sanctioned a new platform to be constructed and were awarded 2 new offshore blocks in The Shallow Water Bid Round hosted by the Trinidad and Tobago Ministry of Energy. Also on the international front, we are excited to begin working on a new joint venture in Bahrain. We expect this to be the beginning of a long-term partnership with Bapco Energies to explore and develop an onshore unconventional tight gas prospect in Bahrain. The formation has previously been tested using horizontal technology delivering positive results. We are optimistic that applying our expertise in horizontal drilling and completions technology will enhance results and drive economics competitive with our domestic portfolio. Our partnership with Bapco Energies is a great example of stakeholder alignment and what we look for in international opportunities, exceptional partners, geopolitical stability, scale and economics to compete with our domestic portfolio, areas with existing oil field services and ultimately, reservoirs that can realize significant uplift through the application of horizontal drilling and completions. Shifting to our outlook on the macro for more than tiers, oil prices have been remarkably range bound at a fairly robust $65 to $85 per barrel WTI. Looking forward, we expect increased demand and low global inventories to offset the pending return of global spare capacity. Bahrain unexpected demand shocks, we expect oil prices to continue to be similarly range-bound this year. And on the natural gas side, incremental reductions to gas inventories throughout the year were exacerbated this January when cold weather dramatically reduced inventories by approximately 1 Tcf and drove inventories below the 5-year average for the first time in more than 2 years. Prices have strengthened accordingly despite the modest return of shut-in volumes. For 2025, we expect additional support for prices from ongoing demand increases from natural gas power generation and the start-up of several LNG facilities. And the addition of our strategic marketing agreements over the past few years have positioned us to grow into these markets as they develop. Our cash flow priorities continue to focus on sustainable value creation. Disciplined capital investment and a pristine balance sheet support a growing regular dividend, countercyclic investments and additional cash returns all underpinned by a large resource base, providing long-term visibility for higher return and strong free cash flow generation through the cycle. Now here's Ann with details on our financial performance.
Ann Janssen: Thanks, Ezra. 2024 was an outstanding year for EOG that highlights our continued financial strength and record shareholder returns. In 2024, we invested $6.2 billion in CapEx which drove annual production growth of 3% in oil and 8% in total company volume. In 2024 proved reserves increased by 6% to 4.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent which represents a 201% reserve replacement, excluding price revisions. We also lowered finding and development costs, excluding price revisions by 7% to $6.68 per BOE. Outstanding financial performance allowed us to return a record $5.3 billion to shareholders. This represented 98% of 2024 free cash flow, well in excess of our commitment to return a minimum of 70% of annual free cash flow to shareholders. Last year's record cash return was underpinned by our growing sustainable regular dividend, which remains the foundation of our cash return commitment. This commitment to our shareholders is based on our ability to continue to lower our cost structure and sustainably expand future free cash flow generation. We believe the regular dividend is the best indicator of the company's confidence in its future performance, confidence we have consistently demonstrated through our history of dividend growth. We have never cut or suspended the dividend in our history. And in fact, we have grown our dividend rate twice as fast as our peers average since 2019. Last year, we increased our regular dividend 7% and to an indicated annual rate of $3.90 per share. This $2.2 billion annual cash return commitment currently represents nearly a 3% dividend yield. In addition to our regular dividend, we repurchased a record $3.2 billion of shares in 2024 at an average price of $123 per share. Since we've already buying back shares in 2023, we have reduced our share count by 5%. Entering 2025, we have $5.8 billion remaining on our existing buyback authorization for opportunistic share repurchases. In 2025, we will continue to work towards our balance sheet optimization targets of $5 billion to $6 billion in cash and $5 billion to $6 billion in debt, which we outlined last quarter. At the end of 2024, we had $7.1 billion in cash on the balance sheet, which included approximately $700 million of estimated tax payments postponed to 2025 under IRS storm-related tax relief. We also have the flexibility to remain opportunistic on issuing additional debt and we'll continue to monitor interest rates in the broader financial market as we approach our next maturities in April of this year and in January of 2026. EOG's balance sheet remains among the strongest in the sector and is a competitive advantage in a cyclical industry. It provides tremendous flexibility to support cash returns to shareholders as well as maintain our ability to invest in low-cost property bolt-ons and other countercyclical opportunities. For 2025, we have outlined a disciplined capital plan that keeps CapEx flat year-over-year at $6.2 billion. The cash flow breakeven price to fund our capital budget and the regular dividend is in the low 50s. At $70 oil and $4.25 natural gas we expect to earn a return on capital employed of 20% or greater. Now here's Jeff to review 2024 operating results and detail the 2025 plan.
Jeffrey Leitzell: Thanks, Ann. Consistent operational execution across our multi-basin portfolio during the fourth quarter capped off yet another outstanding year. Fourth quarter oil and gas production volumes beat targets as did cash operating costs and DD&A. I'd like to thank our employees for their safe and efficient operational execution, delivering not only a strong quarter but another year of exceptional performance. For the full year 2024, we improved safety, reducing our workforce total recordable incident rate by 10%. We delivered more oil and total production for lower cash operating costs than we initially forecasted, while capital spending remained right on target. We improved productivity and base production performance through innovations in completion design and artificial lift automation. We lowered average well cost by 6%, primarily through extended laterals in EOG's in-house drilling motor program. Our marketing team continues to deliver top tier price realizations, which has consistently outpaced our peers' performance, while also capturing 2 new natural gas agreements that expose us to premium pricing. First, is our 364,000 MMBtu per day capacity on the Williams TLEP project along the Transco pipeline. And second is our 180,000 MMBtu per day gas sales agreement with Vitol that link sales prices to either Brent or U.S. Gulf Coast gas indices. We also progressed 2 strategic infrastructure projects last year, which we expect will continue to drive peer-leading realizations. The first is a 36-inch Verde pipeline, which runs from our Dorado natural gas asset in Agua Dulce and provides access to Gulf Coast market centers. Verde came into service during the fourth quarter last year and provides capacities for 1 Bcf per day, expandable to 1.5 Bcf per day with booster compression. The second project is our Janus natural gas processing plant in the Delaware Basin. The 300 million cubic feet per day facility will come into service in the first half of this year and connect to the Matterhorn pipeline giving us access to multiple premium Gulf Coast markets. These projects and agreements demonstrate the ongoing value of our marketing strategy, which is to maintain diverse and flexible takeaway, while maintaining control and limiting the duration of our commitments. This ultimately allows us to manage our end markets in real time and maximize our netbacks through dynamic market conditions. And finally, we maintained our GHG and methane emission intensity below our 2025 targets. Building off the momentum from our 2024 performance, we are excited about our 2025 plan. We forecast a $6.2 billion capital program to deliver 3% oil volume growth and 6% total production growth. Our growth in 2025 is more heavily oil weighted due to the well mix in the Delaware Basin. Overall, the cadence of our capital spend will be slightly more than 50% in the first half of the year. Peaking in the second quarter and tapering throughout the year. When looking at well costs in 2025, we expect oilfield service pricing to be relatively flat year-over-year. So cost reductions will come from continuing to advance the sustainable efficiency gains captured across our entire operations portfolio last year as illustrated on our Slide 8 of our investor presentation. Two primary drivers, we expect to continue momentum with our longer laterals and our foundational plays and efficiency gains from consistent operations in our emerging plays. As a result, we are projecting a year-over-year percentage reduction in well cost in the low single digits. As always, EOG remains focused on progressing each one of our plays at the optimal pace to allow us to capture and implement valuable learnings while realizing continuous improvement. In the Delaware Basin, we are seeing improved year-over-year capital efficiency, the combination of longer laterals and our in-house drilling motor program helped increase drill feet per day by 10% and completed feet per day by 20% last year. Our 2025 plan includes another increase in average lateral length of at least 20%, which will support continued efficiencies. In our emerging plays, the Utica in Ohio and Dorado in South Texas, we are realizing excellent operational efficiency gains and are excited to increase activity levels by 20% across these plays. In the Utica last year, we increased our drilled feet per day by 50% and our completed lateral feet per day by 5%. We anticipate efficiency gains in 2025 to be driven by higher activity levels and expect to average 2 full-time rigs in 1 full-time frac fleet in 2025. And in Dorado, we are also benefiting from efficiencies gained by maintaining a full rig program increasing both drilled feet per day and completed lateral feet per day by 15% each in 2024. We plan to maintain 1 full-time drilling rig in Dorado, allowing us to build on last year's momentum to grow this low-cost gas asset into the emerging North American demand markets. This year, we will continue supplying the Texas Gulf Coast LNG market through our gas sales agreements with Cheniere. We have realized significant uplift in our natural gas revenues in the first 5 years of our agreement and are excited Cheniere has progressed to their Corpus Christi Stage 3 project. Our forward guidance now reflects our Henry Hub-linked 300,000 MMBtu per day sales agreement tied to the completion of the project's Train 1, which we expect to start up in 2025. Furthermore, our strategic partnerships and pricing diversification continues to minimize our exposure to Waha, which is we expect to be limited to 5% to 7% of our total natural gas sales this year. On the international front, our 2025 plan includes a modest increase in capital expenditures to advance several discoveries in Trinidad and support our new partnership in Bahrain. In Trinidad, we are planning 4 net wells from our newly constructed Mento platform, and we will commence construction on the coconut platform to support the JV and farm-out agreement for the coconut field signed last year. We are excited about executing our 2025 plan. EOG remains focused on running the business for the long term, generating high returns through disciplined growth, operational execution and investing in projects that lay the foundation for future returns and lowering the future cost base of the company. Now here's Ezra to wrap up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Jeff. 2024 yielded outstanding results. We continue to generate significant free cash flow and deliver hirings on and of capital to shareholders. Capital discipline, operational excellence, commitment to sustainability and ultimately, our culture are at the core of our success as a company. You see the result in our consistent performance year after year and EOG is continuing to deliver in 2025. Our disciplined approach to investment across our foundational and emerging portfolio of assets, international expansion, strategic infrastructure and unique marketing agreements to continue to grow the free cash flow potential of the company both in the short and long term. Supported by a pristine balance sheet and a deep inventory of high-return projects, EOG continues to create shareholder value by focusing on being a high-return, low-cost producer committed to strong environmental performance and playing a significant role in the long-term future of energy. Thanks for listening. Now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Two questions. The first was just the free cash flow guide, the $4.7 billion at $70 WTI and $4.25 Henry Hub was a little softer than, I think, where we and some consensus had. And I think some of that just might be timing because there's some pretty productive capital in the plan? But maybe you could talk about that some of the investments that you're making in the emerging plays and infrastructure might show up a little bit more in the '26 free cash flow versus '25? As that's been a focus of conversations this morning.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, this is Ezra. We kind of start with that '25 plan. It starts with capital discipline for us. As I said in the opening remarks, that's a core pillar of the value proposition that we have, and it's a key consideration establishing the plan for each year. So as you talked about a kind of portfolio specific with some of the moving parts here, the plan in general is pretty consistent with the commentary we provided last quarter. We're operating at an optimal level in both our foundational plays, and we've got opportunities to improve our emerging plays with higher activity. So when we look at the Delaware Basin, we've got flat activity there. We're delivering a more capitally efficient program this year. In the Eagle Ford, we've got just a little bit of moderation in activity coupled with a little bit longer laterals. In the Eagle Ford, we're seeing I'd say strong and consistent capital efficiency year-over-year. As Jeff mentioned, there is more capital being allocated to our emerging assets. So 20% more completions in the Utica, 20% more completions in Dorado. In the Utica, we look to end the year with 2 rigs and 1 full-time frac fleet. And as we've talked about in those emerging plays, that's kind of the activity level we try to get each of our assets to so we can really start to capitalize on the economies of scale. And then the last moving part there, of course, is the -- we've got a little more remaining investment in the strategic infrastructure, as you mentioned, and then some additional investment in both Trinidad and Bahrain, as we talked about on the opening remarks there. And so a bit of a step up in international spend. When all that kind of adds in essentially our capital and volume growth is similar to '24 and as you pointed out, the free cash flow is a little bit less. And the 2 drivers there really is increased cash taxes due to some expiring AMTs that we had in 2024 that we won't have in 2025, that's the biggest piece of it. And then we also have a little bit of an increase in operating expense that we're forecasting. Some of that's due to higher fuel and power in the field, affecting LOE. And then we also have some initial transportation contracts that are increasing GP&T a little bit this year when you step into new transportation contracts, you usually have higher cost upfront and then those kind of come down over time as you deliver the volumes. Essentially, stepping back as we think about the '25 plan, we're extremely excited about the year ahead. From an operating perspective, we're continuing to drive strong results in those foundational plays and making the right investments to continue to improve the business going forward, supporting short and long-term free cash flow potential.
Neil Mehta: Yes. That's really helpful as some of those items that could have driven that. And the follow-up is just on international. It sounds like there's a little bit more international spend in the portfolio, the capital program this year. So can you unpack that a little bit, Trinidad, Bahrain, in particular, and what's got you excited?
Jeffrey Leitzell: Hi, Neil. This is Jeff. Yes, I'll just quickly touch on it and hand it over to Keith for a little bit of details. But Yes, you're exactly right. We've got about $100 million in their increase in the international capital that really just reflects our continued investment, as you talked about in both Trinidad, which we've got to our Mento program that's going to be performed this year and also we're going to be constructing our coconut platform there. And then also the new entry in Bahrain, which what I'll say is, the goal is to start drilling on that sometime in the second half of the year. The one note on both of these, though, is both programs, we won't really see any volumes necessarily come online this year. They'll be probably more into 2026. So I'll hand it over to Keith for a little more detail.
Keith Trasko: Yes. This is Keith. Yes, in Trinidad, we are really excited about the program there this year. As we mentioned, we had just the Mento platform. So we're looking at 4 net wells in 2025. This is a discovery that was made a few years ago, where we are the operating partner with BP, and this is the development phase of that. The wells come on later in the year in 2025. So that's why you're not seeing a volume impact on the roll-up. Also have our coconut project that we're really excited about. We've had a consistent exploration effort in Trinidad since our entry into the country and coconut is the newest prospect that long and successful history. So that was also an exploration well drilled a few years back, and we are commissioning the platform to access an estimated 500-plus Bcf of resource potential associated with that. That is also a joint venture project with BP. So we really value our ongoing relationship with them. We're also value being a preferred partner in the Shallow Water in Trinidad due to our low-cost structure. So we're looking forward to the drilling program that will follow the successful setting of that platform. We also, this year, awarded 2 new blocks in Trinidad. So I'm really proud of the team how they continue to unlock new opportunities. We've been in Trinidad at for 30 years, and we have a really well future there.
Operator: And the next question will come from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities.
Arun Jayaram: Just maybe as a follow-up to the updated free cash flow outlook I wondered if you could spend a little bit of time talking about your natural gas differential guidance, which is a bit wider than we expected and also wider on a year-over-year basis. We thought that may narrow just given the higher amount of coverage you have at Henry Hub as well as the startup of Corpus Christi. So I was wondering if you could help us unpack that.
D. Terveen: Arun, it's Lance. Yes. Let me unpack that for you. When you think about our guidance there and really when you look back on '24, I mean, you can see the peer-leading realizations and we really expect that to kind of carry forward, move into '25. And so unpacking a little bit of the guidance, let's talk about that. So as you think around like the basis along the Gulf Coast and kind of like depending when you're looking at those estimates. But primarily when you look at Houston Ship Channel along the Gulf Coast, we've really seen that weaken are getting into the first quarter, like we've seen that be about $0.30 back, and that's kind of moved to about $0.55 back. And then meanwhile, you've seen NYMEX obviously, it's moved up where from the fourth quarter of '24 into the first quarter of '25, I mean we've seen that move up almost $1, right, almost like $0.86. So as you look at that and then think about you're right, we have these new strategic agreements that are going to be starting up this year, but that kind of has to feather in, right? It's going to ramp up kind of as that comes into the year. So it really is, we will see an inflection point this year. We really feel with our realizations, but you just kind of have to take that into consideration with the start-up of those agreements as well. So I think if you look at the supplemental Slide 8, Arun, I think that really does a very nice job of illustrating especially when you look from '24 to '25, I mean, really how we're directing more of our molecules, right, away from where there's the basis deducts and getting to places like that's more linkage to Henry Hub and also into the Southeast markets.
Arun Jayaram: That's helpful, Lance. Maybe my follow-up is just on Bahrain. It sounds like there has been some well control there. Ezra, could you talk about what type of capital of project like this could look like and just maybe the time line to cash flows if things kind of play out based on your expectations?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Arun, this is Ezra. Right off the bat, it's probably a little bit early to start talking about cash flows and things like that. We haven't disclosed the capital for our program this year. While we're very excited about the JV partnership with Bapco Energies, at this point, we've entered into a participation agreement. We are awaiting a couple of additional government approvals. We do have some capital in the plan that includes some activity this year. In the partnership, what I can say is EOG is the operator. We're evaluating a tight gas sand, gas exploration prospect. The agreement doesn't anticipate selling the production into the local market there, which is great. In this area, the formation has been tested. It's seen positive production results already with horizontal development. And as you guys know, this is Bahrain is not a significantly large island or anything. And so we do have existing infrastructure and midstream in the area, which would allow us to -- if successful and competitive with our portfolio would allow us to go to sales relatively quickly. We're optimistic really that applying our expertise in horizontal drilling and completion technologies should enhance the returns and the results and drive economics to be competitive with the domestic portfolio.
Operator: And the next question will come from Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Joshua Silverstein: So you ended 2024 with $7 billion in cash following the 4Q debt offering. It sounds like you have the $700 million tax payment for this year, but how should we think about the pace of buybacks given you talked about 1 to stay at a cash balance of $6 billion or less?
Ann Janssen: Thank you. This is Ann, Josh. We have been committed to making our capital structure more is we outlined last year, what we wanted our debt and cash levels to be. So basically, we want to stay at less than 1x total debt-to-EBITDA target of $45 WTI. So if we take that metric, that would set our debt at approximately $5 billion to $6 billion. We followed through on our commitment on last year by starting by adding that $1 billion, new issuance back in November 2024. And we're going to work towards that $5 billion to $6 billion debt level, and we have some flexibility on timing that as we move forward over the next 12 to 18 months. Regarding our cash level, we still believe the appropriate level of cash for our business remains $5 billion to $6 billion that level for the last couple of years and [indiscernible] business. [Audio Gap] 2025 and look at our free cash flow return. Part of that, of course, is our share repurchase [indiscernible] we're going to target at 70% [indiscernible] However, the level of cash return...
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Sorry, we couldn't hear you that well.
Ann Janssen: Okay. Do you want me to start over? Just to walk you through.
Ezra Yacob: That would be great. Yes, sorry.
Ann Janssen: Yes. Sorry about that. My apologies. On the debt side, when we're looking at the debt side, if you recall back at the end of 2024, we outlined our capital plans, our capital structure for [ 20 ] -- going forward and what are committed that we want to make our capital structure more efficient. As we outlined last quarter, we are focused on achieving a debt level of less than 1x total debt-to-EBITDA at $45 WTI. And if you look at that metric, that would be approximately $5 billion to $6 billion. We followed through on that commitment back in November by raising $1 billion in 30-year paper at a 5.65% rate. And we're going to continue to work towards that $5 billion to $6 billion debt level and we have flexibility on the timing of when we achieve that amount. And we'll do it over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. I mean if you look at our cash level, we believe the appropriate level of cash continues to be on that $5 billion to $6 billion, and we have run at that level for the last couple of years. And we think that's the right level to run our business, backstop our regular dividend as well as supporting additional cash return and countercyclical investments. You're correct that $7 billion at year-end included that $700 million that we paid out in February of 2025 and so if you turn to the pace of our buybacks, it's really about our commitment to return free cash flow to shareholders. We're staying at that target of a minimum 70%. We have the potential to and are well positioned to return more, a higher percentage of free cash flow back to the shareholders in 2025 and going forward. And we've exceeded that minimum as you saw in 2024. But we remain comfortable with that being our long-term target. So as far as share repurchases, we'll continue to be opportunistic. We're not being in any type of programmatic plan. We'll just continue to watch where our share prices go and we'll be opportunistic in our buyback program. Again, we're just committed to returning a significant portion of our free cash flow to our investors, and that cash return is anchored by that dividend. And then in turn, we'll look to share repurchases and other returns of value back to the shareholders.
Joshua Silverstein: And then second, in Dorado, you fell back some activity over the past 2 years. We're now in a higher price environment. Your pipeline started up in the new LNG facility is starting up around the corner. Are you guys just waiting on kind of confirmation of the $4-plus gas price environment to accelerate more activity or just taking a more kind of a modest pace of growth there?
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yes, Josh, this is Jeff. As we do with any of other plays, we're just evaluating the activity levels there, really more from a long-term perspective, rather than just looking at the near-term commodity price volatility. So really, when we look at Dorado, we feel that the 20% increase in activity this year is a really good level. And truly reflects what we believe is the optimum level of activity just to continue to push it forward year-over-year for operational improvements like we saw in 2024. And we saw about 15% improvement in drilled and completed feet per day. And we think with this current activity level, it really positions Dorado in a great position to improve year-over-year and continues to drive down the cost while we're taking advantage of where the proximity is. And what we really look to do is not just invest necessarily at a particular price point, but we really look to invest to lower our costs through the cycles.
Operator: And the next question will come from Leo Mariani with ROTH.
Leo Mariani: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the decision to dial back Eagle Ford activity. It looks like net completions are down around 25% year-over-year. I know your lateral lengths are going up. So presumably, total completed feet are down quite that much, but just provide a little bit more color there. Are you just seeing like incremental returns not being as competitive with your Delaware or the emerging plays or obviously increasing activity here in '25?
Keith Trasko: Yes. Thanks, Leo. This is Keith. I think what we're really seeing is that we really leaned into the Eagle Ford in both 2023 and 2024. In 2023, we had stepped up activity levels in the wake of the persistent inflation in the Delaware Basin. And in 2024, we were sharing a frac crew between Dorado and the Eagle Ford. So consequently, there were more completions in the Eagle Ford when we deferred completion activity in Dorado due to weaker gas prices. And so I think what you're seeing is us getting back down to kind of our background levels there. You mentioned the longer laterals. So when we look at how much lateral feet we're competing in a year, this year is pretty average compared to the last several years. So the Eagle Ford is a core foundational asset for us. It continues to be -- despite operating in the play for only for 15 years, the consistent improvements and efficiencies have allowed us to realize some of the highest returns in the play we've ever seen actually in the last several years. And it supports a line of sight to maintain production for a decade or more, really.
Leo Mariani: Okay. I appreciate that. And I wanted to just jump back over to the exploration side. I know you guys have been looking at a number of domestic oil exploration plays for the last handful of years. Just wanted to get a sense of what the activity levels there are. Are you still pursuing those type of lower-cost exploration plays domestically for oil here in 2025? Obviously, you've got the Bapco JV, which is international gas. So just trying to kind of get a sense there and there's still some of these plays active? And what should we expect in terms of activity in '25?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this is Ezra. That's a great question. With the Bapco announcement, you can see that we've obviously been active not only on the domestic exploration front, but also international. You said Bapco is an international gas opportunity. And so I think that highlights really well where we're focused at with our exploration approach. And that's really not necessarily to focus on an oil versus gas, but really what we focus on for either domestic or international, is the returns of the play. And what is -- how additive to our existing inventory will the project be. And so as you highlighted, we've got an active domestic program. We drilled a few wells last year, and we plan to drill a few more this year. But further than that, Leo, we typically don't comment or give additional details on our exploration programs more than that. We do remain optimistic that there are still resources in the U.S. that will continue to be additive to the overall inventory that we have.
Operator: And the next question will come from [ Derek Woodfield ] with [ Axis Capital ].
Unknown Analyst: From the outside, it appears you guys have experience on this -- success with all 3 emerging trends. For my first question, I'd like to focus on the Utica and ask how close is it to competing heads up with the Eagle Ford?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Derek, this is Ezra. It's interesting. The Eagle Ford, we have is a very mature asset. And what I'd say is, as Keith alluded to, when we invested at the Eagle Ford at the right pace, we still generate significant returns there. And one of the reasons is because we've got all the infrastructure in place, we've got our marketing agreements dialed in. We've really captured the economies of scale. So that's really one of the things that right off the bat is still lacking with the Utica. We've really got to -- we've been able to make good strides on the operational efficiency gains, as Jeff mentioned in the opening notes. But really, to get that thing to compete with either of our foundational assets, you really need to get it to a place where you can drive down the cost -- sustainable costs through the capturing the economies of scale of -- and when I say infrastructure, it's not just midstream or takeaway. It's things like in-basin sand locations, getting our water infrastructure squared away. And then just having consistent frac and drilling operations to the point where we provide safe and consistent operating environment where the guys in the field can really drive down costs. I would say we've been very happy with the early time results. We're exceptionally pleased with the results we've had over the first 2 years in this play. As we talked about, we're carrying a lot of momentum into 2025. I think we highlighted in November that over the next couple of years, while we focus on that volatile oil window, we should -- we're looking at a $6 to $8 per BOE finding and development cost. That contemplates less than a $650 per foot well cost, which already on those types of metrics brings it very well in line with kind of where the Eagle Ford is. On a heads-up comparison when you think about how far we've made it with the Eagle Ford after year if you think about it that way, the Utica is significantly further down the path of having lower well costs and quite frankly, a better understanding of the subsurface reservoir quality.
Unknown Analyst: That's great. And for my second question, with the efficiency and productivity gains you've noted in the Niobrara, where do you think you could drive F&D cost with the benefit of both working as it seems like we're getting closer and closer to a breakthrough in the PRB?
Keith Trasko: Yes. This is Keith. In the Powder River, yes, exactly. We've talked about how in the past, when we were developing the Mowry, we gathered data on the Niobrara, which is shallower and that we are shifting activity to be more focused on the Niobrara. So if you look at the Powder activity as a whole in 2025 plan roughly flat to last year. But it's much more Nio focused. So if you were just to look at Nio well count year-over-year significant uptick this year, in the play overall in '24 being able to have all that data gathered and then put this on it, we were able to increase the well productivity 20% in the Niobrara year-over-year. That's 2024 to 2023. We also reduced the days to drill down 10% year-over-year. So we're very happy with the strides in the Powder. And on the funding cost side, I say this without how our company overall is a multi-basin portfolio. We kind of have a little multi-basin portfolio in the Powder itself. You have the Mowry more of a combo play with good finding cost numbers. And then in Niobrara, a little more oil, which is a little bit higher return. And together, they do kind of mix to make kind of a holistic asset there.
Operator: The next question will come from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho Securities.
Nitin Kumar: I want to focus on the Delaware. You're reading lateral lens there quite significantly. But last year, we had talked about sort of stepping away from the core oil and into other parts of the basin. How would you characterize the productivity of the Delaware program this year versus last year?
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yes, Nitin. This is Jeff. And the productivity trends in Delaware, they're going to vary in any given year just based on several factors. But we're fully confident in the development strategies we have out there and just the durability of the returns and the full cycle economics that we're seeing. So with any of our plays, obviously, including the Delaware, the first thing we leverage is rate of return at a flat bottom cycle pricing. And that's a pretty good starting point to underpin your evaluation. But there's a lot of other key metrics that we like to evaluate. And specifically, we really want to maximize the net present value, not just of the well, but really the sections out there. We want to make sure that we're expanding the margins, and we really pay attention to what the payback period is just to make sure that we're delivering the greatest value and really capturing as much resource as possible. So as you just hit on in the Delaware, a perfect example, and we've kind of talked about is, this year alone, we're seeing some variation in the well mix there. We're productivity is slightly more oil-weighted in the first quarter, and that really just has to do with the well mix where we move around the field back and forth from area to area, developing different flow benches, and that's just part of our normal development. So and you'll continue to see this kind of variation in productivity and well mix throughout the development of the play. And then the other thing that I just really touch on here in the Delaware is over the last few years, we've made significant improvements in our shallow targets, really by lowering cost and improving the productivity by really just pushing forward our current best practices. So when you break it down by target in play, if you look at the Leonard, the Bone Springs, the Wolfcamp targets, they're all delivering comparable returns at bottom-cycle pricing. So when you roll it all up to date, I think we're better positioned than ever to really optimally develop a given section from both a sub-service targeting perspective because of our geologic knowledge and then also the above ground infrastructure perspective. And that really is what allows us to balance all of these things, return, NPV, payout margins, resource capture and productivity to make sure we ultimately maximize value.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Jeff. Ezra, I'm going to try to take one more shot at the Bahrain opportunity. I know details are limited. Trinidad accounts for about 10% of your corporate gas production could Bahrain be the same scale or bigger over the years? And then for those of us who don't know what Bahrain local gas pricing looks like, are the returns as competitive as your domestic exploration?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Nitin, this is Ezra. Thanks for revisiting Bahrain. Like I said, we're excited to talk about it. I think the first tell is that we want to take an opportunity international, just to say that we have an international opportunity. For us to take this step, we need a couple of things. And the first is that we have pretty strong conviction from an exploration standpoint, I mean, we still need to test these wells a little bit more. But we've got a pretty strong conviction that we'll be able to turn this into something that's meaningful for our shareholders. So that means it's got the size and scale and the potential to deliver returns that are additive to our program, something that will actually command capital that we'll want to invest in. The second part of that, obviously, is to take a step like this. We want to make sure that we're -- we have stakeholder alignment, and we found a good partner. And that's why I keep saying that we couldn't be more thrilled with the partnership that we found with Bapco Energies. As far as gas price in country, we haven't talked about that. But yes, you should think that when we look at the potential sales price in the market that we would take that in consideration with the well productivity and the cost structure that we anticipate seeing there and roll that all up into something that could be additive and meaningful for the company.
Operator: The next question will come from John Freeman with Raymond James.
John Freeman: I just wanted to circle back on the Utica. Last year, you all tested well spacing from kind of 700 feet to 1,000 feet. And agile increased activity pretty meaningfully in the Utica. Are you sort of or, I guess, dialed in on a specific sort of spacing? Or is testing still a big part of what you're doing this year to kind of understand that better?
Keith Trasko: Yes, John, this is Keith. So as far as just your question development versus testing where are we doing both. We pride ourselves not being in a manufacturing mode ever in any of our plays. And so we don't really employ a set spacing or completion design throughout an entire field. So it's a little difficult to draw a line between development and testing. So we're constantly incorporating new data and learnings to improve every well and every package across all the plays, foundational and emerging. As far as spacing goes, we've talked about in the past that it's -- we feel it's going to be 600 to 1,000, which is pretty standard for North American unconventional oil play. But we've also said -- it depends on the area. And so in our last year lease, we showed tests between 800 and 1,000 and we think that geology plays a significant portion or a significant factor in what your spacing should be. So like an example would be in the south, where we have thinner pay but we also have better frac barriers we've talked about in the past, that could also mean that the frac reaches out further. So you might expect wider spacing in the south to work out better. Those sorts of things are the things that are them takes into account every time they drill the package and incorporate it into the next one going on.
John Freeman: And then as these emerging plays take on more activity, more capital as some of these international opportunities that you have been talking about today. Do you all start to take maybe a harder look at divestitures just as a way to unlock value given the pretty deep global portfolio you've got with maybe some areas having a tougher time kind of competing for capital that may be more valuable to somebody else.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, John, this is Ezra. Yes, we continue to have -- we continually review our inventory and continue to look for opportunities to bring value forward at any opportunity that we can. For the most part, we've done a good job over the last, I would say, going back almost the last decade, and we've been, not surprisingly, we've been fairly active in the divestiture market. And so we've done a good job kind of high grading our portfolio at the right times.
Operator: The next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: My first question is maybe on IPP or other power gen operations. I'm just wondering, a number of your peers have talked about how their service water and natural gas resources would make for an ideal make them an ideal partner for transactions. And I'm wondering -- you all definitely seem to have those same high asset qualities. And I'm wondering, with that said, are you all actively speaking into some of these hyperscalers? And if so, do you think your opportunities to do something like that would be in the Appalachian, Dell, Eagle Ford, you certainly have a lot of interesting areas where you could do something like that.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, it's a good question, Neil. This is Ezra. And you're right. With our investment in and utilization of technology, we have spent a lot of time looking at how data center development may progress and what role industry and EOG specifically would play in that. There's already a couple of different ways that we benefit today and a couple of different ways we can benefit in the future. Currently, if you look at where the data centers are found, they're typically in areas with dense and diverse fiber lines. That's obviously a bit more important than just surface and water. It's the diversity of the fiber lines and it's in the ground. And as a result, oftentimes, those data centers end up being a little bit closer to urban areas. The first thing is it's very nice. We've done a great job with our diverse marketing strategy, and that gives us exposure whenever you see a regional pricing uplift that's associated with just the increased electrical demand in those areas. A good example is the capacity along the Transco pipeline to deliver gas into the Southeast market that we captured last year. But more exciting maybe is the second way we think that EOG can benefit is if data center development outpaces infrastructure development. And so what I mean there is the current model requires transmitting energy either in the form of electrical grid or natural gas pipelines over long distances to deliver to these data centers. Another model then would be, and you're starting to see it develop is constructing data centers closer to the power generation closer to natural gas fields but also more important than surface and water is where there's enough fiber to make the investment worthwhile. When I think about that, I think, Neil, you hit the nail on the head there. We see the Gulf Coast in South Texas as having the potential to play a larger role in data center buildout. And obviously, Dorado would benefit greatly from that regional demand.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, you definitely have some interesting areas. And maybe just a second, if I could ask maybe on the Utica a little bit differently. I'm curious, I don't know if you're able to discuss what part of the Utica you target, the new 15,000 acres or maybe just looking at it another way, I'm just curious how you all are now thinking about maybe you've got a huge footprint, almost 500,000 acres now. I'm wondering how you think about the Western side of the black oil window. I don't know, maybe I can start versus the eastern side well over into like Trimble County?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, this is Ezra again. Again, where we did most of our leasing, we're still focused in on the volatile oil window. We're kind of leasing and picking up leases out in front of our drilling opportunities at this point. As far as if you think about kind of the Wild West land grab and things like that, the majority of that has kind of ended in that play. And so we're doing a lot of our strategic leasing now kind of coring up our areas. And since we'll be focusing for the next few years, really in drilling in the volatile oil window, that's where the focus of the leasing, I think you can expect that dominantly going forward. As far as stepping out in the expansion, we're still a little ways. We're still talking about we need to get our seismic shot up there first. But ultimately, like any basin, if you go back, whether it's gosh, even go back to Barnett, early days of the Haynesville, Eagle Ford, Permian, Bakken, things like that. You really start in the areas where you've got the most data, and that certainly is the volatile oil window for us. We'll develop our wells there. As Keith alluded to earlier, we're making good progress on identifying things like the correct spacing across this almost 500,000 acres, as you said. And once you start to really collect a lot of data and understand more about the reservoir, that's when you can start to step out into these other areas once you have a better understanding of kind of what the value drivers are of the unconventional play.
Operator: And the next question will come from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.
John Abbott: This is John Abbott on for Doug Leggate. Ezra, as your scale it's getting harder to move the needle on value of the resource. You have about 27 years of inventory. So it seems to us the dividend becomes a more important part of market recognition and value. So our question is, how do you think about the evolution of the dividend, the dividend growing rate and the dividend breakeven?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, John, thanks for joining the call. It's good to hear from you. We're in complete agreement. We think the best marker for a blue-chip stock or a company of our scale and size should be reflected in a sustainable and growing regular dividend. And that's really what we focus on, and we feel is the foundation of our cash return strategy. We raised our regular dividend 7% last year. And we've actually raised our regular dividend 2x the average as a compound annual growth rate since 2019. We've got 27 years of sustainable growing regular dividend. And so we really covered that a lot. The way we think about how we grow that, the most important word I said is sustainable. So we grow it in concert with expanding margins. That means both growing top line revenue, but also top line cash flow from operations, but also lowering the cost basis of the company. So making sure that the company is continuing to improve. And then we also marry that up with a strong balance sheet just as a backstop on that regular dividend. And we agree with you, John. I think what we like to see is the dividend increasing and the yield decreasing.
John Abbott: Appreciate it. And then for my second question is on cash taxes. At least for us, it was a little difficulty hearing in the beginning when Ann was speaking. Are you -- Could you talk about the AMT. We thought our impression that you were already a full cash tax payer. Is that correct? Could you discuss a little bit more detail on your cash tax outlook?
Ann Janssen: Absolutely. This is Ann. Thanks for the question, John. The way that we look at, the way we're modeling it out, our current tax revision in 2024 included $212 million in alternative minimum tax credits. And those were fully exhausted when we exited 2024. So you're not going to see any impact of that in 2025. So as a result, when you're looking at current tax increase, you're going to see about 15% increase in current taxes as we move into 2025. And as we look forward, our current guidance for 2025 does not contemplate any material or unusual items. So all things being equal, 2025 is a good proxy as we move forward.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Yacob for any closing remarks.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Thank you. I just want to say we appreciate everyone's time today. We're very excited for 2025. I think our plan reflects an appropriate pace of investment to improve each of our assets year-over-year as well as the broader opportunities we see to build and improve our business. And disciplined reinvestment in the high-return multi-basin portfolio, is how EOG continues to get better. It allows us to lower our breakevens as we had lower cost reserves and ultimately allows us to optimize both near and long-term free cash flow generation. As always, thank you to our shareholders for your support and special thanks to our employees for delivering another exceptional quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources' Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Investor Relations Vice President of EOG Resources, Mr. Pearce Hammond. Please go ahead, sir.
Pearce Hammond: Good morning and thank you for joining us for the EOG Resources’ third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations' section of our website and we will reference certain slides during today’s discussion. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning later today. As a reminder, this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings. This conference call may also contain certain historical and forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures and related discussion can be found on the Investor Relations' section of EOG’s website. In addition, some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves, as well as estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Leitzell, Chief Operating Officer; Ann Janssen, Chief Financial Officer; Keith Trasko, Senior Vice President, Exploration & Production; and Lance Terveen, Senior Vice President, Marketing & Midstream. Here’s Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Pearce. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Since the end of 2020, EOG has generated more than $22 billion of free cash flow and more than $25 billion in adjusted net income. We've increased our regular dividend rate 160% and including both regular and special dividends paid or committed to pay more than $13 billion directly to shareholders and $3.2 billion indirectly through share repurchases, all while reducing debt 35%. EOG has a history of delivering consistently strong financial and operational results, and the third quarter is simply more of the same. Led by our employees' commitment to operational excellence and capital discipline, we outperformed on oil, natural gas and NGL volumes for the quarter as well as beating expectations on per unit cash operating costs. We generated $1.6 billion of adjusted net income and $1.5 billion of free cash flow and returned $1.3 billion of that free cash flow back to our shareholders through a mix of our regular dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. In addition to announcing third quarter results yesterday, we demonstrated confidence in our ability to generate strong free cash flow in the future as well as our continued commitment to return a significant portion of cash to our shareholders by increasing the regular dividend 7% and boosting our share repurchase authorization by $5 billion. Cash return to shareholders begins with our focus on the regular dividend, which has never been reduced or suspended in the 27 years since we've been paying one, and it reflects our confidence in the increasing capital efficiency of our business going forward. And we continue to improve our capital efficiency by leveraging technology and innovation across both our foundational and emerging assets. That is one of the key advantages of operating in multiple basins. We are able to drive improvements to operational performance through technology transfer between those basins. We are drilling further and faster than at any time in our history, completing wells with fewer people and less equipment due to efficient operations, and we continue to capture additional value through our marketing strategy. EOG's performance is sustainable, because it's driven by our culture, empowering each employee to be a business person first, focusing on returns and seeking ways to improve the business every day. Our culture is our competitive advantage and combined with focus on sustainable value creation through the cycles, gives us confidence in our ongoing performance as we finish 2024 and position ourselves for 2025. In a moment, Jeff will provide some early commentary on our 2025 capital program, but our investment strategy always begins with capital discipline, balancing short and long-term free cash flow generation, return on capital employed and return of capital to shareholders. We also consider the macro environment in which we are operating. And currently, the overall macro environment remains dynamic. Oil inventory levels are below the five-year average with both supply and demand showing moderate growth year-over-year. We expect to finish 2024 with strong demand, slowing into a seasonally lower first quarter and then increasing throughout the rest of 2025. Domestically, while efficiency gains continue across the industry, we anticipate another year of slower US liquids growth grounded in the lower number of active drilling rigs and drilled but uncompleted wells. Regarding North American natural gas, inventory levels have moved closer to the five-year average throughout the year due to a combination of producer discipline and increased demand driven primarily by power generation. We remain optimistic on the long-term outlook for gas demand beginning in and increasing throughout 2025 from additional LNG projects coming online and ongoing increases in power generation. Finally, last month, we released our annual sustainability report for 2023, highlighting our leading environmental performance and commitment to safe operations. We achieved a GHG intensity rate below our 2025 target for the second year in a row and achieved a methane emissions percentage at/or below our 2025 target for the third consecutive year. Our in-house methane monitoring solution has progressed beyond the pilot phase and is integrated into our standard operating procedures. And our carbon capture and storage pilot project is operational, and we stand ready to deploy our learnings to future operations. Our consistent sustainability performance is a result of our empowered and collaborative workforce and our continued investment in innovation and technology to achieve not only leading environmental performance, but also strong and consistent safety performance throughout our operations. This year's report highlights our innovative culture that drives EOG's mission to be among the highest return, lowest cost and lowest emissions producers playing a significant role in the long-term future of energy. Now here's Ann with details on our financial performance.
Ann Janssen: Thanks, Ezra. EOG continues to create long-term shareholder value. During the third quarter, we earned $1.6 billion of adjusted net income and generated $1.5 billion of free cash flow on $1.5 billion capital expenditures. Third quarter capital expenditures were in line with forecast, and we still expect our full year capital expenditures to be about $6.2 billion. Cash on the balance sheet at quarter end is temporarily higher due to the postponement of certain tax payments until the first quarter of next year from disaster relief granted for severe weather events in Texas, including Hurricane Barrel. Our ongoing marketing strategy to diversify and expand our access to premium markets also delivered exceptional results during the third quarter with peer-leading US price realizations of $76.95 per barrel of oil and $1.84 per Mcf for natural gas. Finally, we paid a $0.91 per share dividend and repurchased $758 million of shares during the quarter. Year-to-date, we have generated $4.1 billion of billion of free cash flow which helped fund $3.8 billion of cash returned to shareholders. Of that $3.8 billion, $1.6 billion was paid in regular dividends and was complemented by $2.2 billion in share repurchases through the third quarter. Taking into account our full year regular dividend, we have committed to return $4.3 billion to shareholders in 2024 and we are on track to exceed not only our minimum cash return commitment of 70% of annual free cash flow, but also last year's cash return of 85%. The EOG's commitment to high-return investments is delivering high returns to our shareholders. Yesterday, we were pleased to announce a 7% increase to what is already a top-tier regular dividend, not only for our industry but the broader market. This increase reflects our confidence in the fundamental strength of our business which continues to get better through consistent execution of EOG's value proposition. Efficiencies and technology applied throughout our multi-basin portfolio continue to sustainably improve EOG's capital efficiency. A growing sustainable regular dividend remains the foundation of our cash return commitment and we believe is the best indicator of the company's confidence in its future performance. In addition to the dividend increase, the Board approved a $5 billion increase in our share repurchase authorization to supplement the $1.8 billion remaining on the authorization as of quarter end. The total $6.8 billion buyback capacity retains our flexibility to deliver on our cash return commitment to shareholders. Over the last several quarters, we have favored buybacks to complement our regular dividend and we will continue to monitor the market for opportunities to step in and repurchase shares for the remainder of the year. EOG's balance sheet underpins the financial strength of the company and remains a strategic priority. To optimize EOG's capital structure going forward, we intend to position our balance sheet such that our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio equals less than one times at $45 WTI. We believe this is an efficient and prudent long-term capital structure for a cyclical industry that will support our commitment to deliver shareholder value. As a result, we anticipate refinancing upcoming debt maturities, increasing our debt balance to $5 billion to $6 billion range in the next 12 to 18 months and maintaining our cash balance at levels similar to what we have carried for the last two years. By managing our debt levels toward this more efficient capital structure, we are increasing our capacity to return cash to shareholders. Now here's Jeff to review operating results.
Jeff Leitzell: Thanks, Ann. We delivered another outstanding quarter, thanks to our employees and their consistent execution across our multi-basin portfolio. Their focus on continued improvement through innovation, technology advancements and operational control is why our third quarter volumes and per unit cash operating costs beat expectations. Oil volumes beat our forecast, primarily due to better-than-expected productivity from new wells, driven by continuous improvement to our completion designs. Year-over-year, we have increased our maximum pumping rate capacity by approximately 15% per frac fleet on average. The benefit is twofold: Faster pump times and better well performance. Higher pumping rates provides our team with the flexibility to tailor each high-intensity completion design around the unique geological characteristics of every target. This, in turn, has helped to maximize the stimulated rock volume in the reservoir, resulting in improved well performance. Efficiency improvements due to faster pump times, combined with stronger well performance have more than offset the additional cost for these increased pumping rates. As a result of third quarter volume performance beats, we are once again raising full year guidance. Our oil production midpoint has increased by 800 barrels per barrels per day, natural gas liquids by 2,800 day and natural gas by 24 million standard cubic feet per day. We also beat per unit cash operating cost targets during the third quarter. The primary drivers were lower lease operating expense due to less workover expense and fuel savings. We now expect our full year per unit cash operating cost to be lower than forecasted and have reduced guidance accordingly. Our capital expenditures in the third quarter were in line with our forecast with only minor differences primarily due to timing of operations. In addition, well cost deflation driven primarily by efficiencies is playing out as we had forecasted at the start of the year, resulting in a 3% to 5% year-over-year decrease in well cost. As a result, our expectations for full year CapEx remain unchanged at $6.2 billion at the midpoint. The efficiency gains we continue to realize this year demonstrate the value of our multi-basin portfolio and decentralized structure. Ideas born in one operating area are replicated across multiple basins through technology transfer. Two examples of innovation, expanding through our portfolio and driving efficiencies this year are extended laterals and our in-house motor program. Average lateral lengths for our domestic drilling program continued to increase. In the Delaware Basin, we now expect to drill more than 70 3-mile laterals this year compared to our original forecast of 50. We've also set a new lateral length record in the Eagle Ford not only for EOG, but for all of Texas. Our Aspen A 1H well was drilled in our western acreage and has a lateral length of over 22,000 feet. As we highlighted last quarter, longer laterals allow for more time focused on drilling downhole and less time moving equipment on surface, decreasing overall downtime in days to drill. In addition, longer laterals help unlock new potential from acreage that might not otherwise meet our economic thresholds. EOG's in-house motor program also continues to pay dividends. In the Delaware Basin, we are testing the limits of our drilling motors in the shallower Leonard Shale and Bone Spring formations. While drilling the production hole section, we attempt to drill as much of the vertical curve and lateral portions of the wellbore with one motor run. Historically, this operation requires a minimum of three motor runs and two trips, which is a pause in drilling to pull a motor out of the wellbore and replace it with a new one. As a result, we have eliminated over one full trip per well in the shallower Delaware Basin targets. Given that each trip can cost $150,000 or more, the cost savings and efficiency gains from using better designed higher-quality motors continues to add significant value to our drilling program. This is just one of several examples of the value the EOG Motor program has created. Looking company-wide since the start of 2023, we have increased our drilled footage per motor run by over 20% versus third-party rental options. As we continue to test, learn, and redesign our drilling motors, we see substantial upside to our future drilling performance as we expand motor innovation throughout our multi-basin portfolio. In Ohio, we've made significant progress this year transitioning the 225,000 net acres of the volatile oil window in the Utica play from delineation into development. We now have five packages online and producing for more than 100 days, three of which have been producing well over 180 days. Both oil and liquids performance continues to meet or exceed expectations demonstrating the premium quality of this play. We are also capturing sustainable operational efficiencies through multi-well pad development and continuous operations. On the drilling side, the Utica provides an ideal operational environment to make significant gains quickly. We have decreased drilling days to drill three-mile laterals 29% year-over-year and have already achieved a record of drilling more than two miles in a single day. We also have made significant gains on the completion side, achieving a nearly 13% increase in completed lateral feet per day compared to last year. Over the next few years, activity in the Utica will continue to be primarily focused in the volatile oil window, where we anticipate our well costs will average less than $650 per effective treated lateral foot with finding cost and development costs in the range of $6 to $8 per barrel of oil equivalent. For 2025, we anticipate a 50% increase in Utica activity as we continue to leverage consistent operations to achieve additional economies of scale. Our large contiguous acreage position lends itself to developing a long-life, repeatable, low-cost play competitive with the premier unconventional plays across North America. Previewing 2025 company-wide, with the outstanding performance we have delivered this year, we do not see a need to significantly adjust activity next year. We do, however, expect very minor shifts in activity between basins with a continued increase in activity in the Utica and another year of actively managing our Dorado investment with a one-rig program. This will allow us to continue to capture some economies of scale across our emerging assets and advance our technological understanding of these plays while delivering the operational and financial performance that our shareholders appreciate. Now, here's Ezra to wrap up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks Jeff. EOG recently celebrated our 25th anniversary as an independently traded public company. And while many things have changed across our industry, EOG's fundamental strategy and commitment to creating share value for our shareholders has remained consistent. First, our commitment to capital discipline begins with reinvestment at a pace to support continuous improvement across our assets delivering returns through the cycle, generating free cash flow, and maintaining a pristine balance sheet to support a sustainable growing regular dividend. Second, our strong operational execution begins with being a first mover in exploration to maintain a low-cost, high-quality multi-basin inventory. We leverage in-house technical expertise proprietary information technology and self-sourced materials help drive well performance and cost control, and we focus on a balanced approach to product, geographic, and pricing diversification to drive margin expansion. Third, we are committed to safe operations, leading environmental performance and stakeholder engagement. Our sustainability report highlights progress on our emissions reduction pathway, as well as overall environmental stewardship. And finally, our culture is our competitive advantage. A decentralized non-bureaucratic organization places value creation in the field at the asset level and in the hands of each of our employees. We take pride in our collaborative, multidisciplinary teams that drive innovation, utilizing our technology and real-time data collection to drive decision-making. Thanks for listening. Now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Steve Richardson with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Richardson: Hi, good morning. I was wondering, if we could start as the optimization of the balance sheet. This is a new wrinkle from the company. And I wonder, if you could just talk about this incremental gross debt that you're looking at adding the time frame? Should we think about that $2 billion coming concurrent when you would look to refi the existing maturities? And then also the knock-on of that is -- how do you look at redeploying that cash, assuming into the buyback? And does this mean that you'll be taking shareholder returns above, sustainably above that minimum commitment for the next couple of quarters. Maybe just talk about time frame around that, please?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Steve. Good morning. Thanks for the question. The decision is aimed at really just making our capital structure more efficient. We're moving to a level of debt that's more appropriate for a company of our size and strength, still being respectful that we're in a cyclical industry. Ultimately, the move is designed to allow us to move more equity into the debt side. We've always talked about we've been pretty consistent, but the goal of our company has never been to get to a zero absolute debt. And so really, the timing right now looks pretty good as we have a couple of bonds coming into maturity in the next 12 18 months, the market is looking a little more favorable than it has in the last few quarters. And so as we step into this -- as we talked about, as Ann mentioned, our debt target will be to keep total debt to EBITDA at less than one times, leverage ratio at a $45 WTI, which if you calculate that out is approximately a $5 billion to $6 billion range. And so you're right, that will free up some additional cash. And really, what I would look for is, yes, in the near-term, that does imply that we'll definitely be in a position to exceed the 70% commitment and quite frankly, be closer to 100% and at times, more than 100% of return of free cash flow to the shareholders. But I want to put a more specific time target on it other than the next 12-month time frame, the next 12 to 15 months is we look to be opportunistic in the market, not only with share repurchases, but also the timing of reaching out on these bonds.
Steve Richardson: That's great. Really strong choice capital allocation. Thanks. If I could maybe just a follow-up on natural gas. You have arguably the lowest cost dry gas asset in the market and with the Verde Pipeline finishing, you've got some real opportunities here. I appreciate the comments on a 1-rig program for 2025, but you mentioned off the top as how optimistic the natural gas demand outlook looks. So how should we think about the contango of the gas curve and what signal you're looking for to apply more capital there, arguably that you are at the low end of the cost curve in North America?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Steve, that's another great question on Dorado. We've highlighted last quarter that cash operating costs are right around that $1 already for the asset. And so we do consider it to be one of the lowest cost natural gas projects in all of the US and very well positioned. Verde is online, which we're very excited about. But the North American gas inventory, as you said, is it's currently about 5% above the five-year average still. And we'll see what happens with winter. But either way, whether it's warm or cold, the industry does appear to have not only some curtailed volumes, but there is also some gas DUCs that will likely come online pretty quickly. And so what we see -- and this is somewhat in line with where we've been for the last two years is that 2025 is really going to be an inflection point for North American gas demand with LNG beginning to come online and then coming online really 2025, 2026 2027. And when we think about that, it's -- as we calculated about 10 to 12 Bcf a day of LNG that's under construction and should come online in that time frame. And then above and beyond that, we actually see another almost 10 to 12 Bcf a day in demand growth between now and the end of the decade, that's really associated with power demand, a little bit of industrial, some Mexico exports, but really, it's power demand driven not only by new power demand from AI and electrification, but also coal power retirements. And so our goal with Dorado is to continue to invest at a pace where we can capture some of the economies of scale, as Jeff talked about, which in the last two years has really been a 1-rig program. And as the market starts to open up for us, we'd like to increase that. The next kind of critical point in these unconventional plays is to get to a continuous completion spread. But we're very excited about where we can go and the asset that we've captured there.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities LLC. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. Ezra, I was wondering if we could talk about puts and takes in terms of 2025 capital. Jeff mentioned, that you expect to run relatively flattish activity but with the movements between some basins. So I was wondering if you could kind of characterize how capital would move. You're going to be a little bit more active at Dorado, we think, in the Utica I think your strategic infrastructure spend is going to go down on a year-over-year basis, and there's obviously some of the efficiency gains that Jeff was highlighting.
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Arun, this is Jeff. Yes. Thanks for the question. So yes, as you talked about, and we talked about in our opening comments, the plan right now, which is still early, is to maintain relatively flat activity next year and those minor shifts, I mean, they're going to be fairly small. I mean a few wells here and there and pretty immaterial across the portfolio, which will lead to the modest increase in activity we talked about in the Utica. So what I'd first say is just about our current program and the activity levels we're at, we're extremely happy with the progress we've made. And the improvements we've seen across the whole portfolio by really focusing on that. And where we're at now is really we want to focus on the emerging plays and really getting them to that critical activity level to maximize our efficiencies, which the first step in that is getting it to one full drilling rig. And then really, the next hurdle is going to be getting those plays to one full frac fleet. So in the Utica, as we've touched on, we should be there next year. We're looking at about a 50% increase in activity. We'll be up to two full rigs and one full frac fleet by year-end. So we'll reach those critical points. And then Dorado, which you talk about we really anticipate maintaining just the one full rig that we've been running. We've been seeing outstanding performance and efficiencies from that consistent operations. But we'll continue to manage the investments in our completion activity just as we watch the natural gas market and move through the winter. So I think by doing all this, this really allows us to continue progress each one of those emerging plays, but we'll still be able to deliver another year of strong results from the portfolio. And then just real quick on infrastructure. You did hit on it. Over the last few years, we've had a little bit of additional infrastructure spend that was strategic with the Janus gas plant and the Verde pipeline. This year, it was around $400 million. And looking forward to 2025, really, we just -- we're going to be finishing up that Janus plant and a few little things from a facilities aspect on the Verde pipeline. So we expect strategic spend there next year to be somewhere around $100 million. And then as those continue to roll off and we look in the future, we'll start moving back towards that 15% to kind of 20% indirect level.
Arun Jayaram: Got it. That's helpful. Maybe just a follow-up to Steve's question on the optimization of the balance sheet. You mentioned Azure that this could maybe drive higher cash returns to investors. How much does the potential to do A&D or bolt-ons, countercyclical A&D? How did that progress in terms of your thinking terms of going to $5 billion $6 billion of gross debt?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun, this is Ezra. Yes, I mean, I think you're right. While we're going to be making our capital structure more efficient, we'll be very well positioned still to have what we consider industry's leading balance sheet, quite frankly. And that does going to preserve -- it's going to preserve the financial strength of the business for us. That will give us the ability to still maintain the ability to continue to invest in countercyclic, low-cost property bolt-ons, other things that we've done in the past along those same lines. And what I would say is the ability to return more than 100% of annual free cash flow the near term and deliver more cash to shareholders over time, it's really just an effect of, again, shifting some of the equity into the debt side. Where we're starting at today is such a position of strength with a cash positive position that even leveraging up on this debt side, it still puts us in a great position to be able to continue to execute on a lot of our priorities. Like I said, including low-cost property bolt-ons to be able to be in a position to opportunistically step into larger share repurchases if the opportunity presents itself. And so we really see this as a very shareholder-friendly maneuver that we're doing. And like I said, the timing of it is really just what we kind of see in the market and the fact that we do have some of the bonds maturing.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. And I'm going to hit on the balance sheet optimization. And as you just sort of answered part of my question there with regards to like the why now. It's definitely unique to the sector. And just kind of curious, was this a decision you've been contemplating for some time. Kind of what was the catalyst to move on it now? And also with respect to that, how much value creation from shifting to a lower cost capital structure like moving from equity to debt, some of that value. How much of a value improvement do you expect to see from that?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott, this is Ezra again. So, on the strategic portion, and then maybe I'll hand over to Ann to get in a little bit more of the mechanics. But yes, I think this is really in line with where the management and Board has been thinking for a long time. As I started off the Q&A session with Steve, I mentioned that I think we've been pretty consistent talking about the goal of the company has never been to go to an absolute zero debt level. But really, we like to be positioned to create long-term shareholder value and having different measures -- different abilities to do that. One thing that we love about having that pristine balance sheet that I should have just mentioned when speaking with Arun is also the peer leading regular dividend that we have. And this gives us confidence in being able to continue to grow that and maintain that dividend. As I said in my opening remarks, it's been 27 years that we've been paying that dividend without ever needing to suspend it or cut it. And that's something we're very proud about. So, we really look at the entire priority of our cash flows when we were thinking about this. And the trigger again, that's caused it right now is just where we're at in the macro environment. And not from the commodity side, but really from the financial side. If you recall, Scott, the last bond that we retired was about a $1.2 billion bond back in Q1 of 2023. And that was right decision at the time for us, but one of the reasons is not only were interest rates climbing at that time, but as we all recall, there was a -- what turned out to be a rather somewhat small banking crisis at the time, felt like it could maybe possibly balloon into something larger. So, we refinanced that -- or I'm sorry, we paid that off with cash on hand. And essentially, since then, interest rates have always been climbing up until the recent last couple of quarters where things have kind of plateaued, and we're starting to see them bend over a little bit. So, those are really the things that have kind of given us the confidence to kind of go ahead and make this decision now. As far as moving the equity onto the debt side and the impact for us, I'll hand that off to Ann.
Ann Janssen: Yes. The way we look at it is the optimal capital structure is one where the balance sheet has more debt than what we have today. So, basically, we're looking at putting on a level of debt that is more appropriate for our company of our size and strength in this point in the cyclical industry. So, if you want to look at those parameters as we mentioned, first, we wanted to be less than 1 times total debt to EBITDA leverage ratio at approximate bottom cycle prices around $45. And if you compute that out, that gives us a yield of total debt level of about $5 billion to $6 billion. Conversely, if you look at the cash side of the business, as we look at the appropriate level of cash, we think that's currently about the level we've held for the last two years. We need about a minimum of $2 billion in cash to run the business on a daily basis. And then that additional cash allows us to backstop the regular dividend as well as support additional cash return and take advantage of those countercyclical opportunities. So, again, echoing Azar's comments, our main objective is just to create long-term value for our shareholders. And we think setting up the balance sheet the way we are, will better position us to have an appropriate level of cash to run the business, continue to make those investments as they present themselves and backs up our regular dividend through the cycle.
Scott Hanold: Understood. Thanks. My follow-up is a little bit on the election. The outcomes certainly have created a lot of volatility in the markets. And as you look at what this means to the energy industry and specifically for EOG. What are some of your initial kind of takeaways and the potential tailwinds at play?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott. We still got obviously, the presidential and the Senate is getting close to -- you can kind of see who's going to control those two portions of our Congress and then we'll see where the house finishes up after that. I think for us, what we really prepare for is kind of this next couple of months. Whenever there's a change of administration, this is the time period when we really start to focus in, maybe take some steps to prepare just in case things can slow down. So we're feeling very good very good with where we're at right now. As far as going forward on the industry, I think the industry has come a long way as far as our relationship with not only at the federal level, but really at the local level, working alongside policymakers, regulators and such. And I think the industry is in a spot to continue the performance that we've had over the last few years. When I know I can speak a little more directly for EOG but in the areas that we operate, even the new areas like in Ohio with our Utica play, we've really developed an outstanding relationship. I think many across industry policymakers, really just stakeholders, in general, see that there is a long -- that oil and natural gas are going to play a long -- are going to play a part of the long-term energy solution. And that working with the industry is really the best way kind of achieve the goals of low cost, reliable and lower emissions type of energy sources.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Leo Mariani with ROTH. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys. Wanted to just touch base a little bit here on the Utica again. So just curious, you guys talked about $6 to $8 a BOE. I think that was exclusive to the volatile oil window. Do you think there's room to kind of continue to get costs down over time? I know you guys have talked about a long-term goal of BOE finding cost, but I think that may have included some of the gassier windows as well. So where are you at in the cost cycle in the Utica? And do you think there's still significant room to take that down?
Keith Trasko: Yes, Leo, this is Keith. The finding cost range, yes, you're right. It is specific to the volatile oil window and the 225,000 net acres we have there. The range represents the expectations for the next two to three years of development. That's the same for the well cost range. If you back out science on some of our early wells, we've hit the upper end of this range multiple times, and we'll continue to drive it down with the economies of scale. Versus the $5 finding costs we previously disclosed, that reflects the entire 445,000 acre field. That includes the up-dip oil window and the down-dip condensate window. It also incorporates full field development. So we still see line of sight to that, but what we're doing here is giving more guidance in the near-term. Overall, we've made great progress in the play, the well productivity and well cost continue to demonstrate the premium quality and it really highlights our organic exploration strategy.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Appreciate that. I wanted to see if there was any update on the PRB. I feel like it's been a little time since we've kind of heard on that. How are you kind of viewing that play in terms of how it stacks up against others? And I think you're doing a little bit less on the well side this year than you did last year. You talked about adding a little bit of activity in the Utica for 2025. Just kind of any update in terms of how the PRB is performing and how you're kind of thinking about future activity levels there?
Jeff Leitzell: Yeah, Leo, this is Jeff. So yes, the powder is progressing nicely. As we've talked about for the past handful of years, we've really been focused on the Mowry formation, which is the deeper formation and really kind of lining out our geologic model and what our development plans are there, and we had really good success with it. So shifted over since we've gotten all that overlying geologic data in the Niobrara to where we're really doing a split program this year of about 25 wells split between the more and the Niobrara. And what I would say is we've applied the new geologic models and we're continuing to refine our completion techniques up there. And through the first part of the year, we brought on some of those diabera wells. And I mean, results are very early right now, but they're very encouraging. We are seeing an uptick of greater than probably about 10% increase in productivity versus 2023 in the Niobrara. So moving forward right now, I think we're in a very comfortable spot. We still have little to learn there in the Niobrara and kind of just our development patterns and when to offset in depletion and space. And so I think we're probably going to be pretty consistent with our program as we move into 2025 as we continue to refine those models.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Kalei Akamine with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kalei Akamine: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for getting me on. My first question is on the gas guide. So we've seen it go up every single quarter this year, and we think that, that's the Permian. I appreciate that the Janus plant is coming online. But I'm wondering if that gas outperformance pulls forward any of your additional midstream development time lines?
Jeff Leitzell: Yeah, Kalei, this is Jeff and no, our plans are pretty secure as far as that goes. And really, there shouldn't be any advancement. I mean all of any of the kind of midstream or I should say, strategic infrastructure projects that we've talked about. I mean, they're on time and they're on pace to come online when we expected. With the Janus gas plant, as we've talked about, the plan is to complete that next year. So as we talked about, we'll have a little bit of strategic infrastructure dollars associated with that, about $100 million. But other than that, no, there will be really no acceleration in any of those projects.
Kalei Akamine: Got it. For my follow-up, I'd like to go back to Dorado. I appreciate that it's got very low cash costs. I think in the past, we've talked about $1, and that falling by $0.50 to $0.60 because of Verde. And sort of given its position on the coast, I imagine that it's going to be quite a resilient play. My question is, are you going to optimize production around that cash cost figure? Or do you think that there is a return threshold to consider that would cause you to maybe curtail production or maybe decelerate?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah, Kalei, this is Ezra. Dorado, the way we look at Dorado, quite frankly, is similar to the way that we invest in any of our basins, and it starts with the returns profile. Are we investing at the right pace to optimize the returns and the ultimate NPV of that asset. And quite frankly, what we found in Dorado, especially with its location there close to the demand center coupled with some of the strategic decisions we've been able to make on the marketing side is that this dry gas play from an economics perspective really competes with many of our oil plays. And so that's really what governs how quickly that we invest into that play. On the lower level, as we've talked about with any of these unconventional resources or these emerging assets, we like to try and get to these critical points of where you capture the economies of scale. So, the first is consistent rigs. The second point would be a consistent completion spread where you're not mobilizing in and out of basin, a lot of crews and things like that. It gives you the ability to really know the crew that you're working with and the equipment and you can really start to leverage the learnings. On the upper end of it, you can definitely outrun your pace of investment there and your ability to learn on each well and make each well a little bit better, whether it's finding cost or well performance. And then layered on top of that, obviously, is the macro environment. Now we've done a great job with Dorado by strategically allowing that gas to reach multiple markets. It's got multiple outlets and it's well-positioned along the Gulf Coast like we said. And so that does bring to it an inherent opportunity to continue to deliver that gas. And we think that it will be a significant portion of the future supply that should grow into the North American growing gas demand.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks for the time guys. I'm hoping I can ask another one on the Utica specifically. I'd love to hear your latest thoughts on how you're thinking about the prospectivity more on the west side of the play, either in that black oil or volatile oil in the play? And then just one other question on this play. What's the latest on just the decline? I know it's still early, but I'm just wondering are these wells declining more like typical oil wells or like a Marcellus gas well?
Keith Trasko: Yes. This is this is Keith. On the prospectivity overall, we are still focused mainly on the volatile oil window and trying to dial down spacing there. We will eventually jump up to the west side or to the -- also to the condensate window at some point. We're still in the data-gathering phase there. On the decline side, I'd say we're not seeing anything out of the ordinary. It's a combo play, and we see the declines like a typical tight shale well similar to the Eagle Ford.
Neal Dingmann: Got it. Okay. Okay. And then maybe just a second one, a follow-up just on overall inventory. I'm just wondering, I understand no longer put out the well count in your slides like you previously had in the appendix. I'm just wondering -- I was hoping you could give a sense or maybe a ballpark of how many years you're thinking about of running room specifically in the Del, Eagle Ford, and Bakken at the current rig paces.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra. What we do disclose is our resource potential in -- as far as resource and we've continued to show that we've got about 10 billion barrels of equivalents the premium resource multi-basin portfolio. The ones that you're highlighting are -- it's an interesting collection because you've got a mix of kind of -- those are foundational plays, but they're all at different kind of legacy aspects. So, in the Bakken, we run basically a one-rig program, and we're at a point where we feel that we can continue to do that and generate similar returns for a number of years to come. In the Eagle Ford, many things have changed in the Eagle Ford, and I think everyone has seen that we've slowed down our pace of investment kind of just for lack of a better data point, say, pre-COVID until post-COVID, where these days, we put the sales maybe 120 wells to sales every year or something like that. And again, the slowing down of that investment, it's less about the inventory that we have remaining, and it's more about what I was speaking with Kalei about as far as investing in each of these plays at the right pace. Slowing down there in the Eagle Ford, we've actually increased the returns and expanded the margin profile, and that's really the thing that we focus on. And then in the last one that I would mention is the Delaware Basin, of course, to be honest with the Delaware Basin, I think it's difficult. Industry has done a lot of drilling there over the past decade. But with the technology advancements, I think industry continues to unlock especially on the Delaware Basin side, unlock additional targets every year. And so to be quite honest, it's a little bit difficult to quantify just how much inventory would be left in such a robust resource as the Delaware Basin. You're talking about literally a miles worth of oil and gas saturated reservoirs in that basin. And so we feel very good about the premium resource that we have in place. We've got a very high-quality, very deep bench of assets across multiple basins. And really at the pace that we're operating in the last couple of years and where the macro environment looks right now, inventory is lack of inventory is not really something that we really ever makes our radar. What we continue to look for is improving the quality of that inventory through our organic exploration efforts which is one of the things that's driven the success there in Utica.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Yes. Good morning. Congrats to you and your whole team there. I wanted to go back to your prepared comments, you spoke a bit about the commodity macro. And you gave a thought on the U.S. supply picture. But I wonder if you could kind of share with us your point of view on what the range of possible outcomes is for 2025? And not that we're looking for specific prediction, but more of just trying to get an understanding of your thinking that's informing your approach to 2025?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles, let me give you a little more background on that. As you guys know, we kind of build our models. We start internally with the things that we know best, which are operationally in the field. And so the biggest thing that is driving our kind of U.S. numbers. And just for historical 2023, I think the U.S. was about 1.5 million barrels liquids growth. Last year, or I'm sorry, this year, it's looking more like it's going to be right around half of that, maybe about 700,000. And so in 2025, we see a little bit less than that, even moderated growth off of that number for the U.S. And it really begins with where the rig counts are at and where the oily drilled, but uncompleted well levels are at. Both of those are relatively low. And on the rig count side, it hasn't really moved. The rig count really hasn't moved in just about a year now. And so that's really the biggest thing that's informing our expectation for slightly less growth year-over-year in the U.S.
Charles Meade: Got it. Got it. And then could you give us a quick rundown of how or how we're went to meet our 2025 program?
Ezra Yacob: I'm sorry, Charles, you broke up there. I didn't catch that. How or when -- what was it?
Charles Meade: Beehive, the Australia well.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, sir. Yes, Jeff?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes. Charles, this is Jeff. Yes. So we have secured the permit there, and we're really excited to be testing prospect. The plan is to test it next year. So obviously, it's an oil prospect. It's a large untested structure there. It's really close to markets, and it's there on the Northwest Shelf of Australia. So the thing that I'd really point out is it's a prospect that's very similar in water depth and operations, the environment, I should say is Trinidad. So we'll really be able to leverage all that shallow water expertise that we have there. So at this time right now, we've got a team in place there in Australia, and we're excited to go ahead and test that prospect sometime next year.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning. You guys have mentioned keeping activity largely consistent for 2025. Your oil volumes will be up about 2% year-on-year at the exit this year. Is that a number, we should be expecting kind of a similar figure for 2025? And then obviously, there's some concerns on the macro side. Just curious, just under what conditions would you look to dial back activity to ensure more of a flattish trend on your oil production?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah, Scott, this is Ezra. Like you said, it's -- I don't think we're at this point ready to talk about a percentage there on 2025, but you can go ahead and count on what we've talked about today with similar activity levels. I mean, the way to really think about our capital allocation is it's not a -- it doesn't begin with that growth number. It really is an output of our investment strategy. And as you highlighted, we're not really growing that much right now. I mean I think in the last 12 months, we've grown about 10,000 barrels of oil per day, which for a 490,000 barrel of oil per day company is really pretty soft. It's certainly something that we could grow more aggressively if we want to focus on it. But quite frankly, what we focus on is we invest balance returns, NPV, free cash flow generation in both the short and long-term and how we can best return that cash to shareholders. That's really the focus of our disciplined investment strategy. And when we get it correct in each of our plays, you invest at the right pace as we've talked about today, that's when you really start to realize the operational efficiencies, the cost reductions and the performance improvement that Jeff really highlighted in his opening comments, so that's what you should expect for us. When we think about the success this year of managing the investment in that way and how we manage our portfolio, the exceptional results that we're seeing across our wells, I think in just the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford alone are foundational plays. The wells that came on production in first half of 2024 actually paid back their capital investment in aggregate by July 1st. And those results are the types that are flowing straight through to the shareholders because in the first nine months of the year, we've been able to return 92% of that free cash flow to our shareholders. So that's really the way that we approach it. As far as what scenario would we do something dramatically different, we do have the flexibility to either increase or slow down our activity level. We have put out at the beginning of this year, that three-year scenario, which provides a little bit of -- I don't want to call it guidance, but it gives you some scenarios between a $65 to $85 range and the type of financial performance that we could expect if we invested it at similar levels to what we're talking about today. And you can see even at a $65 case, it's a very compelling investment scenario where we've got a low reinvestment rate, 6%, I think, is the cash flow and free cash flow growth per share, which doesn't include any share repurchases. You're talking about a 20% to 30% double-digit ROCE and free cash flow generation, not only to support our regular dividend, but excess free cash flow to support either additional special dividends or opportunistic share repurchases as well.
Scott Gruber: I appreciate all that color. I had a follow-up on your carbon capture initiative. With the pilot project up and running, can you speak to your interest in doing additional projects and would these be confined to internal projects? Or would you consider third-party projects?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott, that's a good question. Right now, we view our carbon capture and storage projects as something internal to help our operations and focus on that. We've had good success with our pilot project, as I talked about just briefly in the opening. And it's really just turning into more of a standard piece of our business. And we are starting to look for other opportunities across our portfolio where we might be able to deploy that technology. But as far as looking at gathering third party or something like that, we've looked at it and evaluated it. But like most things, the real value for much of the technology that we develop is usually better kept inside.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hi, good morning. I think the market is appreciating the reconsideration of your capital structure. My question is on how dynamic do you plan to be on managing that capital structure? As EBITDA grows with higher production and better margins over time, it seems like you should have a more of a safety net on the downside leverage target. Would you keep – would you plan to keep returning a higher percentage of your free cash flow in the future, even if that moves you to a net debt position?
Ann Janssen: Hi, Kevin, it's Ann. We're in a good place now. We have such a strong balance sheet that the level of debt we want to carry and the amount of cash we want to carry has some flexibility built into it. So that's the good side of it. So as we're looking at how to return that free cash flow, we're going to stay in line with what our fundamentals are and how we want to return our free cash flow. We have the cash priorities schedule on how we look at just cash on the balance sheet and how we want to return that to shareholders. And as far as the debt level we want to carry, we're comfortable going to a higher debt level, if that's what makes sense for the business at the time. But again, we have a lot of flexibility in managing those components, and we will move forward based on what the business needs are at the time.
Kevin MacCurdy: Yes. I mean it seems like you highlighted the near-term shareholder return benefit, but this structure could set you up for potentially even higher percentage of returns in the future. I guess my follow-up here is, you mentioned low cost property bolt-ons as part of your balance sheet plans. Do you have any color on where you see the most opportunities for that? And what is the dollar threshold between a low-cost bolt-on and significant M&A, which you've kind of avoided in the past?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Kevin, this is Ezra. That's a good question. It's not really defined, I think as far as a low-cost property bolt-on or significant merger and acquisition. I mean, I think on the one end, everybody knows what a significant M&A would be. It would be something corporate of magnitude like that. Really, the way we think about it is on the value driver. And so maybe that's the best way to answer it is low PDP with high upside on drilled acreage is what we really look for. And that high upside on undrilled acreage typically comes on emerging assets, to be perfectly honest, because if you're buying quality of acreage in a play that's known and it's going to be additive to the quality of our inventory, odds are you're going to be paying a big premium for that, and that's going to erode your long-term margins, not your wellhead rates of return, but your full cycle margins. So that's really what we look on. And I think that also kind of speaks to where you're at with where are the opportunities for that. Typically, we find those opportunities more often than not in some of the emerging assets, just because, again, we tend -- we think we have the ability to potentially identify and unlock value that maybe gets bypassed by others. And when you think about building out our inventory that way and continuing to improve the quality our inventory, that goes a long way to what you were just implying as far as the long-term return benefit with this capital structure. As you've seen, quite frankly, in the last couple of years is our emerging plays as we've gained more confidence in those, and those have come to fruition, we've increased the percentage of cash return from just below 70% -- down around 60% to making our commitment 70% to last year and this year basically at or exceeding 85% of the free cash flow. So as the strength of business overall improves from the operational performance, that's what ultimately flows through to the financial performance.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ezra Yacob for any closing remarks.
Ezra Yacob: We appreciate everyone's time today. I just want to say thank you to our shareholders for your support and special thanks to our employees for delivering another exceptional quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Investor Relations Vice President of EOG Resources, Mr. Pearce Hammond. Please go ahead, sir.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you, Danielle, and good morning and thank you for joining us for the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning later today. As a reminder, this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings. This conference call may also contain certain historical and forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures and related discussion can be found on the Investor Relations section of EOG's website. In addition, some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves as well as estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Leitzell, Chief Operating Officer; Ann Janssen, Chief Financial Officer; Keith Trasko, Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production; and Lance Terveen, Senior Vice President, Marketing. Here's Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Pearce. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered exceptional second quarter results, reflecting outstanding execution by our employees throughout our multi-basin portfolio. We earned $1.8 billion of adjusted net income and generated $1.4 billion of free cash flow. Every metric, production volumes, CapEx and per unit operating costs beat targets, driving another quarter of excellent financial performance. Our outstanding results year-to-date allow EOG to update our full year forecast for liquids production, cash operating costs and free cash flow. As seen on slide 5 of our investor presentation, we increased our target for full year 2024 total liquids production by 11,800 barrels per day. Increased production, coupled with a modest increase to forecasted operational efficiencies reduces per unit cash operating costs by $0.15, driving a $100 million increase to our forecasted free cash flow to $5.7 billion for the full year at the same strip prices of $80 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Illustrating the benefits of EOG's unique culture and decentralized structure. There wasn't one single operation or play that drove our second quarter out performance. Our decentralized operating teams utilize technology and apply innovation across our portfolio of assets to improve unit costs, well costs and well productivity. We made gains in both drilling and completions and every asset contributed. Our foundational Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford plays as well as our emerging Wyoming Powder River Basin, South Texas Toronto and Ohio Utica shale plays. The strength and depth of our multi-basin portfolio of premium assets is a tremendous advantage, and our focus on premium drilling means each of these assets competes against our premium price deck, measuring direct well investments against a $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas price for the life of the assets. That capital discipline provides EOG the flexibility to invest thoughtfully across all of our assets to support the pace of operations that is optimal for each individual asset to continue improve. We can adjust to dynamic market conditions such as the broader macro environment and basin-specific economic factors. As a result, we don't rely on any one basin, any one product or any one marketing outlet to drive our company's success. Capital discipline is core to EOG's value proposition, evidenced by our ability to generate free cash flow for eight years in a row and is what drives our ability to deliver the consistent performance that our shareholders have come to expect and to create long-term shareholder value through the cycle. EOG's outstanding and consistent operational and financial performance positions us to deliver on our cash return cash return commitments in 2024. Our strategy continues to be grounded in our regular dividend, which has never been suspended or reduced in 26 years and supplemented with special dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Our disciplined and balanced investment in foundational plays, emerging assets, and strategic infrastructure, all supported with a pristine balance sheet is laying the path to increase near and long-term free cash flow. The overall macro environment remains constructive. Global oil demand continues to increase after a seasonally soft first quarter and is in line with our forecast. As anticipated, domestic oil supply growth has moderated since last year as a result of consolidation in the industry and reduced drilling and completions activity stemming from industry capital discipline. Activity levels, as reflected in rig count indicate continued lower oil production growth through at least mid-2025. We expect Lower 48 U.S. supply to exit 2024 at roughly the same level as year-end 2023, with only modest gains to total U.S. oil supply from offshore -- as offshore production increases. Regarding North American natural gas. During the second quarter, inventory levels move closer to the five-year average, and we expect this trend to continue due in part to supply curtailments and increasing year-over-year demand. We remain optimistic on the long-term outlook for gas demand beginning in 2025, as a result of additional LNG capacity coming online and continuing increases in demand from electricity generation. We will continue to prudently manage our Dorado activity as the current environment continues to highlight the importance of being a low-cost supplier of natural gas with access to multiple diverse markets. This quarter, we have further expanded our marketing outlets, capturing additional interstate pipeline capacity to deliver natural gas to demand centers in the Southeastern U.S. In a moment, Lance will provide details on this exciting opportunity as well as updates on our ongoing infrastructure projects. EOG's performance this quarter can be summed up as exceptional operational execution drives exceptional financial performance, resulting in more volumes and lower per unit operating costs for the same CapEx, yielding higher free cash flow for the year. Anne is up next to provide an update on financials and cash return to shareholders. Here's Ann.
Ann Janssen: Thanks, Ezra. EOG continues to create long-term shareholder value. During the second quarter, we earned $1.8 billion of adjusted net income and generated $1.4 billion of free cash flow on $1.7 billion of capital expenditures. Second quarter capital expenditures finished lower than expected due to the timing of certain indirect and international projects, along with contributions from efficiency gains above what we forecasted at the start of the year. Jeff will discuss these operating efficiencies in a moment. We also paid a $0.91 per share dividend and repurchased 690 million of shares during the quarter. In the first half of 2024, we generated $2.6 billion free cash flow, helping fund cash return to shareholders of $2.5 billion. We have paid over $1 billion in regular dividends and repurchased more than $1.4 billion in stock through the second quarter while maintaining a pristine balance sheet. Taking into account our top-tier full year regular dividend, we have already committed to return $3.5 billion to shareholders in 2024. We are on track exceed not only our minimum cash return commitment of 70% of annual free cash flow, but also last year's cash return of 85%. EOG's commitment to high-return investments is delivering high return to our shareholders. A growing sustainable regular dividend remains the foundation of our cash return commitment and is the best indicator of the company's confidence in its future performance. Special dividends and share repurchases are employed opportunistically to supplement our top-tier regular dividend. Since putting the $5 billion share repurchase authorization in place over two years ago, the fundamental strength of our business has improved as demonstrated most recently by our exceptional second quarter and year-to-date performance. We continue to get better through consistent execution of EOG's value proposition. As a result, over the last several quarters, we have favored buybacks and we will continue to monitor the market for opportunities to step in and repurchase shares throughout the year. Since the authorization has been put in place, we have repurchased nearly 21 million shares, which is more than 3% of shares outstanding at an average price of about $118 per share, totaling about $2.4 billion worth of shares repurchased. Now here's Jeff to review our operating results.
Jeff Leitzell: Thanks, Anne. I'd like to first thank our employees for their outstanding execution this quarter. Your dedication to and focus on operational excellence extends our momentum from the first quarter and puts EOG in great position to finish the year strong and deliver exceptional value to our shareholders. In the second quarter, we beat targets across the board, including production volumes, per unit operating costs and CapEx. Oil volumes came in above target due to a couple of drivers. Production in our foundational Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford plays is outpacing our forecast due to better well performance on a collection of packages. Also, our base production performance continues to improve due to the application of proprietary EOG technology. Over the last several years, we have developed in-house artificial lift optimizers for several functions, including gas lift, plunger lift and rod pump operations. These state-of-the-art optimizers use algorithms to automate the set points of artificial lift and cost factors that allow for real-time adjustments to maximize production and reduce interruptions of third-party downtime. These cross-functional efforts by our production, marketing and information systems teams continue to improve and pay dividends. The final driver of our second quarter volume beat was timing. We were able to bring online a package of wells a full month earlier than anticipated. As a result of volume performance beats to date and updates to our full year forecast for Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford production, we are increasing our annual volume guidance by 1,800 barrels of oil per day and 10,000 barrels per day of natural gas liquids. The volume uplift helps lower our per unit cash operating cost guidance for the full year, as well as generates additional free flow. Total well costs are trending in line with our expectations and resulting in a low single-digit year-over-year decrease. Driven by both moderate market deflation and drilling efficiency gains, we are seeing these cost improvements across our entire multi-basin portfolio. Regarding service costs, depletion is playing out as we had forecasted at the start of the year. Spot prices for certain services have trended lower, while high-spec rigs and frac equipment remain relatively stable. We have secured 50% to 60% of our service costs with contracts in 2024, primarily for high-spec high-demand services to ensure consistent performance throughout our program. By securing these resources, we're able to focus on sustainable efficiency improvements to progress each one of our plays at a measured pace. In our foundational Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford plays, Operational efficiencies are driven primarily by longer laterals, improving drilled feet per day. Longer laterals allow for more time being spent drilling downhole and less time moving equipment on the surface. In addition, the more we extend laterals, the more benefit we derive from our in-house drilling motor program. EOG motors drill faster and are more reliable, which becomes more impactful on our drilling performance as lateral length increases. In the Eagle Ford, we are on target to extend laterals by 20% on average and the year-to-date results has been a 7% increase in drilled feet per day. In the Delaware Basin, more than 50 wells or nearly 15% of our 2024 drilling program will use 3-mile laterals compared to four 3-mile laterals last year. Year-to-date, the efficiency impact from our 3-mile program in the Delaware Basin is a 10% increase in drilled feet per day. In the Utica Shale, we continue to collect data from our new packages and evaluate production history from existing wells as we test spacing patterns and completion designs across our 140-mile acreage position. Two new well packages, the Northern shadow wells and Southern White Rhino wells, as seen on Slide 12 of our investor presentation, have delivered strong initial results and continue to demonstrate the premium quality of this play. In addition to strong well results, since last quarter, we have added another 10,000 net acres to our Utica Shale position, bringing our total to 445,000, while we continue to make delineation progress, our focus in the near future for Utica development will be on the 225,000 net acres in the volatile oil window, where we have a more comprehensive geologic data set. Our large contiguous acreage position in the Utica lends itself to developing a long-life, repeatable, low-cost play competitive with the premier unconventional plays across North America. For 2024, we are on target to complete 20 net wells in the Utica across our northern, central and southern acreage, which supports a full rig program and enables significant well cost reductions. In Dorado, we continue to leverage the operational flexibility provided by our multi-basin portfolio to moderate and manage activity through the summer. Earlier this year, we decided to defer completions while retaining a full rig program to maintain operational momentum. As a result, the drilling team has achieved a 13% increase in drilled feet per day year-to-date. Maintaining a steady drilling program allows us to capture corresponding efficiencies in advance and improve the play, while we continue to monitor the natural gas market. Gas prices are improving into the second half of the year, and we remain flexible to respond to the market. As the year unfolds, we will continue to maintain capital discipline and leverage the flexibility of our multi-basin portfolio to ensure consistent execution across all operating areas. We also remain highly focused on sustainable cost reductions through innovation, operational performance and efficiency improvements to further drive down our cost structure and expand EOG's capacity to generate free cash flow. Here's Lance for a marketing update.
Lance Terveen: Thanks, Jeff. I'll be updating on our strategic infrastructure investments in the Delaware Basin and Dorado, as well as the exciting progress we have made expanding access to premium natural gas markets. First, in the Delaware Basin, our Janus Gas Processing Plant is on schedule to start up in the first half of 2025. This 300 million cubic feet per day plant will be instrumental and lowering our cash operating costs and improving netbacks. The Janus plant will have connectivity to the new Matterhorn Express Pipeline estimated to be in service the fourth quarter of this year. EOG has firm capacity on Matterhorn, which will allow us to move additional residue gas out of Waha to the Katy Houston Market Center. Most importantly, we expect our Waha gas exposure on a total company production basis to be only 5% in 2025. Furthermore, our new Matterhorn capacity already has in place term sales, along with additional downstream connectivity. Next, in our emerging South Texas Dorado natural gas play, Phase 1 of 36-inch Verde Pipeline is in service with safe, consistent operations, and we are on schedule to bring online Phase 2 in the second half of 2024. We are excited that Phase 2 of the Verde Pipelines terminus is the Agua Dulce market hub. While our current cash costs in Dorado are approximately $1 per Mcf, we expect the combination of Verde Phase 2 and the premium markets accessed at Agua Dulce will further expand our margins, positioning Dorado as one of the most competitive, lowest cost and highest return natural gas plays in North America. At Agua Dulce, we have executed agreements for three interconnects directly from our Verde pipeline, including White Water's new ADCC pipeline, supplying Cheniere's Corpus Christi LNG terminal. Enbridge's Valley Crossing pipeline with access to industrial, LNG and Mexico markets and Williams Transco pipeline expansion, the Texas to Louisiana Energy Pathway Project, or TLEPP, reaching entire Gulf Coast corridor, which is illustrated on slide 10 in our investor presentation. TLEPP received FERC approval at the end of June and is currently under construction and expected to be in service in the first quarter of 2025 EOG is contracted for the entire 364,400Btu per day of firm capacity. Through TLEP, we expand our access to a valuable liquid market center that serves robust southeastern power generation and additional future demand. Our capacity on TLEP is in path for supply from multiple EOG assets, including Dorado from our Verde pipeline and the Permian Basin from our capacity on the Matterhorn pipeline. Securing capacity on TLEP is consistent with our broader marketing strategy to diversify our end market options. We continue to expand our access to multiple premium markets, serving customers from LNG to industrials to utilities and more while optimizing our valuable transportation position. Now here's Ezra to wrap up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Lance. I'd like to note the following important takeaways. EOG has delivered another outstanding quarter. Strong employee-driven operational performance produced strong financial performance. Our multi-basin asset teams continue to drive innovation and increase capital efficiency, not only on new wells, but by applying technology to our base production. We are delivering more volumes and lower per unit costs for the same CapEx resulting in higher free cash flow for the year. Capital allocation across our foundational plays, emerging assets and strategic infrastructure is delivering strong near-term free cash flow while also laying a path to future free cash flow generation. EOG continues to expand an already diverse marketing strategy. Following our announcement of a new Brent-linked gas sales agreement earlier this year, this quarter, we have announced additional natural gas pipeline connections further reducing our exposure to in-basin differentials and exposing us to multiple demand centers. And lastly, EOG continues to deliver on its cash return commitment. While our regular dividend is the foundation of our cash return strategy, we are well positioned to continue delivering additional cash return through share repurchases and special dividends, supported with the strength of our balance sheet and low-cost operations. Including our annual regular dividend and share repurchases in the first half of the year, we have already committed to $3.5 billion in cash return and are well positioned to exceed our minimum cash return commitment. Thanks for listening. We'll now go to Q&A.
Q - Arun Jayaram: Good morning. I wanted to start in the Utica Shale, I was wondering if you could give us a sense of some of the key learnings thus far, including your initial test in the South and perhaps discuss maybe the glide path towards shifting into development mode. What are some of the key risks from here that you need to get comfortable with before shifting into development?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun. This is Ezra. Let me start the last part of your question there, and then I'll hand it off to Keith Trasko for a few more of the details on the Utica play. What I'd say in the Utica overall is that we're very happy with the results that we've seen to date. The Southern wells, the White Rhino's that we've talked about are right in line with the expectations in Northern Wells are consistently strong results and very repeatable. So ramping up the Utica, I mean, it's going to be like any other play that we have in our portfolio. We want to invest in it at the right pace so that we can continue to learn and embed those learnings into the next well, and Keith will mention some of those learnings here in a minute. Ultimately, as we do continue to delineate and invest more capital out there, it's going to be at a level of reinvestment that really reflects the maturity of that asset. And when we do that across our multi-basin portfolio, that's when we really start to drive down the cost of all plays and expand the margins at the corporate level.
Keith Trasko: Yes. This is Keith. On the well results so far, the recent ones, we're very pleased overall, I feel like we're making great delineation progress. Some of the key learnings so far, White Rhino, that is our prospects down the south, the performance we're seeing to date meeting expectations has a little bit lower BOE IP30. That was something we were expecting because of a little bit of thinner reservoir down there, but it really benefits from the strategic mineral ownership which really enhances the returns by voting the royalties down there. That has a really big financial impact. The Shadow package that we just recently brought on, that's an offset to the Timberwolf’s. We're seeing consistently strong results at tighter spacing there. We did a 700-foot spacing test there versus 1,000. Spacing overall, I'd say, so far so good. We're excited about the consistency so far there. We're going to keep incorporating data, as future development decisions go there. But we're still early in the play. We need a little bit longer production history. We look at a lot of different things as far as the two- and three-stream production, the pressure, we're taking a lot of real-time measurements, choke schedules, those sorts of things. And we expect this basin will probably change across the play based on geology. It's just a really large acreage position. But I'd say, with our learnings, we're constantly bringing those into our decisions. We are really pride ourselves on not getting into manufacturing mode and instead kind of developing the acreage package by package, integrating the latest data and learnings trying to maximize returns and the value capture.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. My follow-up is – maybe, Jeff, if you could elaborate on some of the technology on the artificial lift side that you've been incorporating. What are some of the potential financial implications? Does this have a positive impact on your decline rates, sustaining capital requirements, but give us a sense of the big picture in terms of the artificial lift technology?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes. Thanks, Arun. Well, as we talked about, we've been developing this technology over the last few years. And it's one of the big reasons. Obviously, we had the increase to guidance this quarter, and it really had to do with better base production kind of across the full portfolio. And it has to do with these artificial lift technologies that we're implementing. So for instance, and we've talked about it a little bit, we have a program that optimizes our gas lift. So it will basically monitor and through algorithms iterate how much gas we are injecting downhole to maximize production on the full bank of wells that it's supplying gas to. And then if we ever have any kind of downstream interruptions, it can it can divert gas and move it to the higher producing wells to make sure we're maximizing the production potential through that downtime event and then it can switch back to optimal normal operations. So -- we've done that exact same thing with a plunger lift optimization and then also on rod pump to run exactly how fast the rod pump is working and to optimize the lift of the oil on all of our wells out there. So -- yes, it's been absolutely a big mover, and we've implemented it pretty much around our multi-basin portfolio. And I think you're seeing the benefits of it right now in the base production. And we expect to obviously be moving forward to have less downtime and be able to maintain a better base production as we move into the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Thank you, Ezra and team. Ezra, I always value your perspective on the oil macro, particularly around the Lower 48. What's your view of how exit to exit is tracking? It does seem from this earnings season, whether it's you or the super majors, the execution from a production standpoint has been very good and how do you think this plays out in '25? Especially given the fact that OPEC has that spare capacity and indicating the return of supply into the market? So macro thoughts on the shale trajectory would be terrific.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Appreciate the question, the opportunity to talk a little bit about the macro. If we started a little bit more of the broad level, I think what we're seeing is global demand is increasing year-over-year, essentially in line with our expectations, which is quite a bit less than 2023 over 2022. Even China, I'd say that has a lot of questions China demand is even kind of in line, demand is in line with our expectations the year. For us, on US supply, I think we've talked about on previous earnings calls for crude, we're looking -- we feel somewhere between 300,000 and 400,000 barrels a day annually would be the increase. In total liquids maybe closer to 500,000 barrels a day. When you look at what's happening in the Lower 48 specifically, as I said in the opening remarks, we think from December to December, it will be relatively flat. We've had relatively flat DUC counts for the past months. And even though, as you're highlighting, there's -- everybody seems to be reporting on the margin, some increased operational efficiency, it's really rig count that's remained flat and then completion spreads that have remained flat as well. And so when we roll all that up, we continue to see not only the effects of consolidation in the industry, but just overall industry discipline really being the drivers of that more moderate US growth. And we think that will continue not only into 2025, but really for the next few years moving forward. Immediately, as I discussed with the current rig counts where they have been for the last eight, nine months, and where they look to be finishing the rest of this year at, that should drive moderate, potentially even less growth year-over-year than what we're seeing this year. And the last thing I think I'd point out is just the amount of decline. The US has grown so much in the last decade on the oil side and many of those barrels have been switched out from conventional resources into obviously more unconventional resources that come with a bit of a steeper decline. And so after years and years of growing, the US is finally looking at a spot where we have a very steep decline year-over-year as a country that needs to be filled in before new barrels can actually add to the growth. And those are the kind of key metrics that we continue to look at. But ultimately, it starts in the field at the asset level, looking at the activity and the capital efficiency of the plays.
Neil Mehta: Thank you, Ezra. That's really helpful perspective. And staying on the macro and then tie it into your business. On natural gas, we've seen a lot of volatility, good price to start the year, obviously, very weak prices now. This morning, we had the 6-month pushout of Golden Pass. So -- just as you think about the '25 plan, is it fair to say you're going to try keep it a little bit more oil-weighted versus gas? And how does it affect how you want to deploy capital in gassier areas?
Ezra Yacob: Neil, it's another good question. We -- at this point, Inventory levels are clearly above the 5-year average. And commensurately -- commensurate with that, the natural gas price is below the 5-year average. I will point out as we saw at the beginning of 2024, inventory levels can react very quickly on weather, specifically winter weather. But at this point, we do foresee that the inventory overhang will continue into 2025. I don't think we're alone with that idea. But we do forecast that we should bring down inventory levels to the 5-year average throughout 2025, assuming kind of a normal winter. And that's not only due to the increase in demand throughout the year from LNG and increased electricity demand. Recently -- certainly didn't help, but this summer, we did experience some off-line demand in LNG. But even with that, overall, we're still seeing an increase in year-over-year domestic demand. I think electricity is trending on about a 4.5% increase year-over-year and so all those things continue to be positive in the longer term. So specific to what we're talking about in 2025, we haven't -- we're not prepared today to talk about 2025. I'm sure heading off a question that probably comes up later on the call with that. But what I'd say is we are actively managing our Dorado program. We've done that last year, and we did that this year. Longer term, as I said, we do expect we're very bullish on pricing through there. And so we are managing the Dorado program to align with demand. We prefer to manage Dorado on the upfront kind of investment side. I think Jeff mentioned in the opening remarks, the benefits we've seen of running a consistent rig program there, increased drilled feet per day by 13% year-over-year. I think if you look at the past 2 years, it's closer to 30% over the past 2 years. But then once we get the gas molecules online, as Lance mentioned, we do have a low cash operating cost of $1 per Mcf. That's a dynamic number as we sit here today. And so that gives us a lot of confidence and flexibility on how to invest and how to think about Dorado going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Richardson Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Richardson: Thank you. Good morning. Really impressive realizations in the quarter, particularly relative to what we're seeing from the broader industry and can't help, but think it's largely to do with how unique your marketing organization is. Ezra, I guess the -- I would wonder if you could expound a little bit on the nature of the organization, right? You don't seem shy about deploying capital either in field or as we just heard with longer-haul pipes and everything else. But if you just take from the basis that you're trying to get the highest realization for your products and getting to the best sales point. How do you organize -- how do -- how do you incentivize that organization on returns? And you think about capital deployed in that business? And how to -- and performance of that business and how it adds value to EOG?
Ezra Yacob: Steve, this is Ezra. I appreciate the remarks there and the question. Our marketing team is something we're extremely proud of and what we think is a real competitive advantage especially in a multi-basin portfolio a company such as ours. So, just maybe a few remarks by me, and then I'll hand it off to Lance to give some more details on it. Our overall marketing strategy, the first thing we always think about is really the netback pricing. And so taking on additional transportation is not a negative thing if it's getting you into premium markets, either for oil or gas. We like to have flexibility as we've talked about. Diversification, with access to multiple markets. We love to have control, where we get firm capacity from the wellhead to sales points. And then the duration. We've had times in the past where we've committed to long-term commitments, and we realize that's not what we want to do. We want to minimize those long-term kind of high cost commitments and really invest in with good partners that understand that we're trying to align our commitments with how -- we think about our growth of the individual assets. And we're consistently challenging the marketing team to think about being a low-cost operator. And that's also how we invest in some of these strategic infrastructure projects is what will they do for us over the long term with margin expansion.
Lance Terveen: Yes. Right. And Steve, this is Lance. I think where I might add a little bit additional color too, when you think about how we're differentiated. I just -- it goes back to the culture, too. I think like our marketing teams like we're integrated in with our division operations. I mean our division operations, our marketing team, that's all integrated with our fundamentals. So, when we look at -- we can look at the global markets, as we think about LNG or exporting of our products. But then also when you get to like in-basin fundamentals, we have a strong grasp of that and what we see. And so then that way, we can set up and have multiple markets, and we can get to new markets like we announced with TLEPP that gets to a new premium market for the company to just further strengthen our netbacks long term. So, I'd say all what Ezra put together with his comments and then just the integration that we have internally to, I think, is a real differentiator.
Steve Richardson: Appreciate all that additional info. Sort of -- if I could just follow up really quickly on service costs. I appreciate the comments that you're 50% to 60% contracted for 2024. I would be curious to hear what you're seeing on the leading edge across the supply chain and thoughts on what the back half of the year could look like, at least on parts of the bill materials that isn't contracted at this point?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Steve, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. When we look at service costs, what we do is we really break them down into a couple of categories. So, we have like our standard services, and then we have what we refer to as like our high-spec services, which is the majority of what we utilize as a company. On the standard kind of rig and frac pricing out there, what we saw as it started to weaken at the second half of last year. And it really varied kind of basin to basin based on activity levels. And the Permian, I would say, definitely had the most resilient pricing for service costs since ahead like over half of the rig activity. So, in general, I would say, since the middle of last year, standard rig and frac prices are down probably 15% to 20%. When you look at some of the support services over that same period, I'd say coiled tubing and wireline costs are probably down 15% and then then workover rigs have reduced about 10%. And just an additional thing that I'd point out is that through the first half of the year, we've really seen those reductions have kind of slowed as has Ezra talked about, with the rig count and the frac fleet count kind of stabilizing. So the big point out there, I'd say, is with the high-spec services that we utilize, we currently see relatively stable pricing and we probably will mostly through the rest of the year. But we have started to see a few areas of moderation and a little bit of spot availability, and it's primarily around the gas plays and outside the Permian. And then as you talked about, we're just locking up to 50% to 60% of our services. The way we do that, our contracting strategy is very strategic to where we stagger out our contracts. So we aren't rolling contracts off all at once. So we're constantly renegotiating new contracts and also renegotiating the spot market to make sure we're taking the best advantage we can of pricing that's out there.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani from ROTH Capital. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: I just wanted to follow up a little bit on your comments around how you're going to be kind of prudently managing your Dorado activity. I just wanted to get a sense, are you pretty much committed to kind of the 1 rig this year, it sounds like you want to get the wells drilled, but is there a potential to maybe defer some of those turn in lines or maybe choke back some of those volumes until later this year, just based on the weak current pricing. Obviously, I know you got the second phase of your Verde pipeline coming on, which is going to improve netbacks. But I was just hoping to get a little more color on how you kind of prudently manage that activity and how you're thinking about it?
Jeff Leitzell: Yeah, Leo. This is Jeff. And as Ezra talked about earlier, there's really no change moving forward from what we had talked about last quarter. we're obviously managing the investment timing and it's primarily on the completion side where we just pushed a handful of wells into the second half of the year because we had some flexibility there. And as he said, we'll just be able to monitor those prices through kind of summer and fall and see what happens as we move into the back end of the year. With that, though, yeah, we're going to go ahead and maintain that 1-rig program really with no changes through the rest of the year. I mean the team has just done an exceptional job on building on their existing operational efficiencies. And as Ezra stated, I mean, they're already halfway through the year, they've seen a 13% improvement in their overall footage per day. So, the big thing is, if you look at the program, I mean, it's only a 20, 25 well program right now. We really want to build on that and continue to push the great technical and operational progress that we've made so far. And so we'll continue to do that through the year and stay on course with our current plan and just continue to make the best economic decision for the play as we move forward.
Leo Mariani: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just with respect to the Utica, you made some comments that wells are sort of performing in line with expectations, but you also mentioned the fact that you continue to kind of experiment with spacing and completion design. So don't exactly know what the internal expectations are. But are you seeing the well performance trend better? Are the last two pads showing -- maybe just better EURs per foot versus where they were in 2023? Just trying to get a sense of trends on these wells and whether or not they're getting better and maybe that was what your internal expectation was?
Keith Trasko: Yeah, this is Keith. I'd say they've met our internal expectation. We're expecting performance to vary over the 445,000 net acre position with the 140-mile span of it. We've been focused on our activity on the 225,000 net acres that we have in the volatile oil window? And we see changes in geology along there. We see we're going to have different spacing in different areas, different type curves in different areas, but we are constructive on the play overall everywhere that we've tested, and we think the variation that we're seeing is within the norm.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold : Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe sticking with the Utica and how you think about like marketing gas and some of your NGLs. Can you talk about the strategy as you look to eventually get to more scale development in the Utica? How you think about marketing those gas and NGLs?
Lance Terveen: Hey, Scott, hey, good morning, this is Lance. Yes, when we look at the Utica, one of the things I like is -- I mean, it was -- it's very consistent. As we think about the early evaluation of the play. One of the things that's unique, again, I know we've commented on this in the past, but when you think about it, I mean, you don't really need a lot of major infrastructure build-out. I mean -- so what we've really been focused on from a marketing, midstream and within our division up there is really just getting the local gathering systems in place and those are both commissioned and online, and we're getting to the markets. I know we've talked a lot about there's just a lot of ample redundant processing capacity. Again, going back to my earlier comment about you don't need to make a lot of real long-term commitments. It's a place where we have measured pace, right? A lot of the acreage is all HBP. We can have a measured pace of production up there. But then from a commitment standpoint with being existing capacity and also very near to a pretty a pretty sizable local demand market on the crude oil side, too. So I think as you think about our strategy from a marketing standpoint, it will be very consistent with our other plays that we've had that have been very early in their development. So we'll be very measured. The crude oil will probably start with lease sales and then we'll kind of look at oil gathering. We're setting up and selling a lot of our crude into the local refineries today that's in that area. So I would say it aligns very much with what we've done in many of our other plays. Scott.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Yes. And I guess delving into a little bit more specific on that, do you expect to try to get the gas that you produce out of the basin to get better pricing in with the NGLs? Would you try to find a way to maybe get to the export market in that area where you get much stronger pricing? So just more so on the NGLs than in the gas, like do you expect to get those out of basin? Or what's sort of the short and longer-term plan there?
Lance Terveen : No, that's a great question. I think, again, I mean, not to kind of go back to my earlier comments, it's going to be a function of just the pace of the development there. And so commitments, we're going to be very disciplined there. But as you think about the gas markets there, especially at the tailgate from a residue standpoint, into the markets, there's a significant amount of just demand that's there kind of going through the Midwest, you have a lot of interstate connectivity. It's an extremely liquid market. So I think we're going to be pretty disciplined there, and I've been using that word quite a bit, but it's just not a need to really reach too further downstream. And then as you think about the NGL markets, there's a lot of -- it's a little bit different than other plays in that you have a lot of the local fractionation is kind of there within the state, right? And so a lot of the purity is being exported. So we're kind of already kind of participating in some of those aspects as well, just because that's some of the natural markets avenues for the products there on NGLs, Scott.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Yes. Good morning, Ezra, to you and the whole EOG team there, I'd like to go back to the Utica and the ShadowPad. So it looks like a really attractive IP30 you showed us there, relative to the wider space wells. But I'm curious if you could maybe offer a little bit more detail or insight on how those -- the spot rates are evolving from that pad. And if you have any sense of how long it will be before you're able to say that that the spacing policy is a success?
Keith Trasko: This is Keith. So as far as how the -- I think the -- as far as how the rates are evolving question and talk a little bit about, like the product mix. So our IP30s are heavily oil weighted, heavily liquids weighted. We do see that in a lot of combo plays. So expect that early on, and we've seen that across all the well packages we have in the north and south. So we still estimate like a 60% to 70% liquids mix for the UR product. And so I'll tie back to a well that has a little more production history, which is the Timberwolf. So Timberwolf and also the Xavier package, that IP30 was around 55% oil cut. Those have been on for about a little over six months now, and we see closer to a 50% oil cut right now. So you see it moderate, but it's not a large drop overall. As far as how long to determine if the spacing is a success? It's going to vary in different places, but we just want to see more production data on the, I'd say, at least six months, nine months or so. And compare that to the data set that we have on some of our older packages, Timberwolf, Xavier, et cetera, and just see how they hang in there, see how the pressures look, et cetera.
Charles Meade: Got it. That's helpful. So maybe midyear next year. And then a follow-up on the TLEPP project. I wonder if you could -- sticking on the theme with the midstream, but wondering if you could give us a narrative on how that project came together for you guys, particularly that I know a lot of people -- a lot of marketers have been trying to get east from the ship channel to markets East of there and how this came together and how it came to be that you're the 100% of capacity there?
Lance Terveen: Hi, Charles, good morning. Thanks for the question. This is Lance. We could probably spend 30 minutes on that question, but I think Ezra is going to kick me over here if I spend too much time. But I'd say I talked earlier, one of the questions kind of related to just the marketing strategy and the integration that we have and we think about like the markets. And was something that we looked at as you asked the genesis of that. I mean that started all the way back in kind of 2022, right? And so we saw kind of that station 65 when you look kind of into that market was likely going to be very much premium market long-term. And so we worked alongside Williams there, went out for their open season, and we're able to capture all the capacity there through our precedent agreement. So that took a lot of time, I mean, I think you really have to have that foresight and then looking forward like into the markets. And then I think other thing I really want to capture is just that is all in path right, Charles. So I mean, when you think about like South Texas all the way through our Eagle Ford asset, all the way up into the Gulf Coast market. I mean, we can kind of capture everything, the Delaware Basin with our existing transport, our new transport that we're going to have on Matterhorn, all that that kind of gets in the path can kind of get into that market. So that's a little bit of that all came together because, yes, you have a lot of these pipes that are coming in to the Gulf Coast. And so as you've seen on some of our slides that we have there, especially related to gas sales agreements, you have to have end markets on the other side. So we've been very forward thinking there. You can see the ramp-up that we have in terms of other term sales that we have. So you need to have the transport position, Charles, but then you also need to be thinking about having strategic sales on the other side. And I think that's another thing that really differentiates us that we've got that in place now and then also looking forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning, team. Maybe this is for Jeff or maybe Ezra. I want to go back into artificial lift. I want to see that, I mean, the technology you use and how is that different than what is commonly available in the market today by some of the oil services. So in other words, that do you think your adoption that what gives you the edge comparing to your competitor? And whether that you can quantify, you talked about the base operation become better, how that improves your base decline rate? That's the first question.
Jeff Leitzell: Thanks, Paul. This is Jeff. Yes, that's a great question. And with any of our technology that we developed. The beautiful thing about it is it's integrated within EOG with all of our different systems. So it communicates with all the data is getting all of our production data, all the all the pressures, all the flow rates, temperatures, everything real time. And so all that's flowing into the system, and you can see that, which with a lot of other third-party systems, that's not possible. On top of that, it also ties directly into our centralized control rooms, which is in each one of basins that watches our production real-time 24/7. And as these systems are optimizing at the control room can watch it, monitor and make sure that the iterated set points are correct then notify any people in the field real time to be able to go out and check on a well or make any additional changes that need to be done. So really, it has to do with the integration within our systems, it really kind of sets us apart from that aspect. And then on the decline rate side or I should say, at least from a base production and what our forecast is, you always have a certain amount of downtime that goes along with normal operations of wells. And what these optimizers really do is they help minimize that downtime. So instead of having a handful of percentage, you're able to actually knock off a percentage to downtime be able to keep these wells flowing and maximize the production across our multi-basin portfolio.
Paul Cheng: That’s great. The second question that I think, Ezra, you talked about. You guys can do quickly the rate if you want to increase activity level, what will be the precondition? I mean what do you look for in order for you to determine when is the right time for you to accelerate the rig activity or that even -- how many wells that you bring on the market?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Paul, this is Ezra. I think you broke up there just for a second. So I'm not sure if you're asking about the Bakken, Dorado or Utica, but obviously...
Paul Cheng: I'm talking about Dorado. What will be the precondition for you to decide, okay, this is the right time, I want to increase activities and bring more gas to the market. Is it just simply price? Or are you looking for anything else? And it is simply the price or that you are looking for anything else? And increase of 5, is there price mix of that will be buying the impact trick upon?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Thank you, Paul. So yes, with Drato, I think the biggest thing to continue to think about with any gas play, and for us, the dominant one is Drato. And you can see right now in the current environment, how volatile gas prices are is you've got to be committed to being the low-cost supplier. You've got to be a low-cost operator on the gas side because as we all know, the margins are pretty skinny, you can make up with it with low operating costs, gas is easier to operate in liquids. But then you need to make up for it with volumes. And then the second piece of it is you've got to be exposed to diverse markets because the volatility of gas means that you'll have arbitrages come and go very quickly. And if you've got the gas they're exposed to the market, you can capture those. If you try chase those arbitrages much like we saw in 2022 and 2023, by the time you can try to get your gas in position to capture an arbitrage, it might be gone. So those are the two things that we really focus on. In general, when you start talking about capital allocation to it, those comments you should read into is why we've continued to stick with a rig activity down there, kind of a minimal level of activity. so that we can continue, as Jeff highlighted, to learn, embed those learning's in the very next well and continue to be confident that when we see the emerging demand hit, which is coming in next few years with a lot of the LNG coming online, we'll be in a position to be able to bring to market, low cost reserves -- low-cost gas reserves. Now on the -- that's on the drilling side. On the completion side, we do have a lot of flexibility there. A great way to kind of overspend is if you're bringing in a frac spread and sending it out of the basin and bringing it back picking up water lines, laying them back down and things like that. So that's why we try to keep a drilling rig going, as I've talked about in the past, that's kind of the first hurdle to capturing economies of scale. Then the second one is trying to get your packages lined up. So when you bring a completion spread in, you can actually keep it for a significant number of wells and bring that on. What we look for in general to when we could take that next step. It's not only internal learning's, it's not only the returns that we're generating. But it is also with respect to the macro market. As I said on a previous question, the price essentially follows inventory levels or it's very lined out with that. We're below the five-year average right now on pricing and above the five-year average on inventory levels. So inventory levels are a big driver of what we're looking for. But then we're also cognizant of the supply and demand fundamentals for really North America or really just the US. And again, what we see is a lot of increased demand coming in the next few years. You have 10 to 12 Bcf a day arguably under construction right now that should be on really beginning throughout 2025. And then in addition to that, as you look at the back half of the decade, I think on the last earnings call, we highlighted our forecast for potentially another 10 to 12 Bcf a day of demand increasing from things like electricity generation, coal power plant retirements, just an increase in Mexico exports and then finally, just overall industrial demand growth. So we really look at it internally. Our ability to generate higher returns and embed our learnings, so that we're investing at the right pace. And externally, we look at supply demand and ultimately, the inventory levels, Paul.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Ezra, how are you? Thanks for having me on. Can you hear me okay?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, sir, Doug, it's good to hear from you again.
Doug Leggate: Good. I wasn’t sure if I had gotten into the -- there, but I wonder if I could pull you back to the Utica just for a second. I mean, delineation is kind of a glacial event for a lot of companies. You guys have moved very quickly not only to lock down the acreage, but to demonstrably show that at least on our numbers, this is starting to look competitive relative to your Permian position. I'm just wondering how you would frame the extent to which you've derisked the play at this point and when you would anticipate a more meaningful development plan as you move forward? Is it infrastructure constrained? Or is there another reason that you're waiting? Because it looks like geologically, at least you're figuring this thing out.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, I appreciate that. I think everything you're saying is correct. It's how we feel about it, too. geologically, we're doing a great job fearing out. I will point out the only caveat, I'd maybe make is we have, as Jeff pointed out, concentrated right now in in the volatile oil window. So, roughly 225, 000 out of the 445,000 acres. But you can see our confidence the fact that we continue to put -- we continue to put together some leased acreage as we increase the footprint about 10,000 acres. And it's not overly complicated, Doug. We've got multiple packages now in the north, and we're seeing consistently strong results. So, I would say we're feeling very confident there in the North. Certainly, as Keith and Charles were speaking about, we're not 100% satisfied with a spacing number if you wanted to get down that path. But in any North American shale play, you know as well as I do, the spacing is going to -- it's going to be between 600-foot and 1,000-foot spacing, probably on average, depending on the play. And then in the South, we only have one package really with any amount of data on there. So, we're a little bit further behind on delineation down there, even though that package did come online with our expectations. So, it's too early to talk about 2025, but just to call back, we have -- basically, we're planning on this year doubling the amount of wells to sales over what we did in 2023. And I think you're spot on, Doug, that we are seeing to-date with the early-time wells that we have, we're seeing that it's competitive with parts of the Permian Basin.
Doug Leggate: That's what we are seeing as well. And I think, to be honest, I think some of us were a little skeptical to begin with, and you're proving, as you're proving us wrong. So, congratulations on that. My follow-up, there's been a lot of questions this morning on gas and the extraordinary realizations you guys have had, I think it was pointed out earlier, but my question is on the proportion of gas that you're prepared to commit to international pricing. I think right now, I want to say if I look out to the back end of the decade at your current volume, you're about halfway locked in, whether it be Brent-related or the other things that you pointed out. But in terms of your preparedness to step up your international exposure, what are you thinking as we see incremental LNG plants start to come out of the wood work, like the Woodside deal with Wheelan [ph], for example. Where would you be comfortable in terms of international exposure? I'm losing my voice, but in terms of international exposure, Ezra, as it relates to your total proportion of your volumes?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, I appreciate that. We have -- as you've seen, we've got Slide 11 in our deck that kind of highlights what we've done with our gas sales agreements to expose us to pricing diversification, including the international. I'd point out, Doug, the biggest thing is when we entered into these agreements, as you'll recall, we entered -- we started negotiations and really entered into most of these and kind of a counter-cyclic time period. And so the first thing to keep in mind is, when we look at these opportunities, we want to make sure that we're being a low cost -- we're entering into a lower cost contract or gas sales agreement that's going to provide us with upside exposure. And then in the sales agreements that we've done to date, we feel like it limits our exposure to risk as well. One reason that we're able to enter into some of these agreements is just because of to be perfectly honest, the size and scale of what we've captured, mainly at Dorado, but also across other basins as Lance has talked about. So right now, as you pointed out, we're only really selling about 140 MMBtu per day that gets exposed to the uplift of JKM pricing. But from 2020 to 2023, as we highlighted on Slide 11, that's added about just over $1 billion worth of revenue uplift, which is outstanding. So even on small volumes, it can be a major impact on the revenue side. We're happy that, that's going to step up here in '25 and '26 as Corpus Christi brings on their Stage 3, and that will increase approximately to 720 MMBtu under a couple of different gas sales agreements that are outlined on that slide. And then as we've talked about last quarter, we made it yet another -- and I would call this countercyclic agreement because an agreement like this hasn't been done in North America for quite some time, but we actually have a Brent link now gas sales agreement. When we think about a percentage of our portfolio that we would necessarily like to have exposed to international, I'm not sure if we have a set percentage that we publicize right now because it really is dependent on the types of agreements and the marketing structures that we see available at the time. But ultimately, our strategy is to get more of our gas exposed to diverse market and to get our gas kind of offshore and exposed to the international markets.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Yacob for closing remarks.
Ezra Yacob: We appreciate everyone's time today. Thank you to our shareholders for your support and especially thanks to our employees for delivering another exceptional quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions].
 I would like to turn the call over to the Investor Relations Vice President of EOG Resources, Mr. Pearce Hammond. Please go ahead, sir. 
Pearce Hammond: Good morning. And thank you for joining us for the EOG Resources First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning later today.
 As a reminder, this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings.
 This conference call may also contain certain historical and forward-looking non-GAAP measures definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures and related discussion can be found on the Investor Relations section of EOG's website. In addition, some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves as well as estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines.
 Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, President; Jeff Leitzell, Chief Operating Officer; Ann Janssen, Chief Financial Officer; Keith Trasko, Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production; and Lance Terveen, Senior Vice President, Marketing.
 Here's Ezra. 
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Pearce. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. EOG is off to a great start in 2024, both delivering value directly to our shareholders and investing in future value creation. Primary drivers of that value are EOG's commitment to capital discipline operational excellence and leading sustainability efforts, all underpinned by our unique culture.
 Strong first quarter execution from every operating team across our multi-basin portfolio has positioned the company to deliver exceptional returns. Production and total per unit cash operating costs beat targets, driving strong financial performance during the quarter. We earned $1.6 billion of adjusted net income and generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow. We paid out more than 100% of that free cash flow through our peer-leading regular dividend and $750 million of share repurchases.
 EOG's operational execution continues to translate into strong returns and cash flow generation. Our robust cash return to shareholders continues to demonstrate our confidence in the outlook and value of our business.
 Quarter after quarter, we have delivered outstanding operational performance in our core assets while also driving forward progress in our emerging plays. We have built one of the deepest, highest return and most diverse multi-basin portfolios of inventory in the industry.
 The most recent addition to our portfolio is the Utica combo play, a textbook example of our differentiated approach. Capturing highly productive rock through our organic exploration and leasing efforts is the primary way of expanding our premium inventory with a low cost of entry to drive healthy full cycle returns. Adding reserves at lower finding and development costs drive down DD&A and lowers the overall cost basis of the company. The result is continuous improvement to EOG's company-wide capital efficiency.
 Our track record of successful exploration, strong operational execution and Applied Technology has positioned the company to create shareholder value through industry cycles.
 The oil macro environment remains dynamic, but is overall constructive, and we anticipate that certain drivers will limit oil prices to a relatively narrow band this year. In the first quarter, global demand performed as expected and is on trend to increase throughout the year, led by a strong U.S. economy.
 And while U.S. production surprised to the upside in 2023, several developments have altered the U.S. supply outlook this year. Rig counts have remained flat over the past 8, 9 months, and oil drilled but uncompleted or DUC inventory has been drawn down. Current activity levels combined with M&A in the public and private sectors should lead to more moderated U.S. growth this year.
 Globally, spare capacity has kept inventory levels around the 5-year average to start the year and we forecast these barrels returning to the market throughout the second half of the year and aligned with growing demand. Overall, the result is a strong operating environment for a low-cost and returns-focused producers such as EOG.
 And while we expect the natural gas market to remain soft through the end of this quarter, much like last year, we expect it to strengthen through the second half of the year and are managing our Dorado program to align with demand. Longer term, we expect an additional 10 to 12 Bcf a day of demand for LNG feed gas and another 10 to 12 Bcf per day of demand from several areas, including overall electrification, exports to Mexico, coal power plant retirements and other industrial demand growth. So the outlook for North American natural gas by the end of this decade is bullish, both for the industry and in particular, for our Dorado dry gas play which has advantaged access to the Gulf Coast and pipeline infrastructure.
 We look forward to participating in the emerging LNG demand through our diverse sales agreements to grow from 140,000 MMBtu per day today to 900,000 MMBtu per day over the next 3 years. Through EOG's differentiated approach to organic exploration, the utilization of technology to improve operational efficiencies, vertical integration of certain parts of the supply chain and our diverse marketing strategy, EOG remains focused on being among the highest return lowest cost and lowest emissions producers, offering sustainable value creation through the cycles.
 Ann is up next to provide an update on our forecast and 3-year scenario. Here's Ann. 
Ann Janssen: Thanks, Ezra. Given the recent strength in commodity prices, we have updated our 2024 forecast to reflect $80 oil and $2.50 natural gas for the remainder of the year and now expect to generate $5.6 billion of free cash flow for the full year.
 Considering both share repurchases executed during the first quarter and our annualized regular dividend we have already committed to return about $2.9 billion this year, which represents more than 50% of that free cash flow, so we are well on our way to return a minimum of 70%. And while cash return exceeded free cash flow during the first quarter, we continue to view our return commitment on an annual basis.
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 6.4 million shares for $750 million, averaging about $118 per share. Since we began using our buyback authorization at the start of last year, we have bought back more than 15 million shares or nearly 3% of shares outstanding for an average price of about $115 per share. To date, that totals about $1.7 billion worth of shares. We will continue to monitor the market for opportunities to step in and repurchase shares throughout the year.
 Last quarter, we provided a 3-year scenario to illustrate EOG's expanded capacity to generate free cash flow and earn a strong double-digit return on capital employed to create future shareholder value. This quarter, we provided an additional price scenario to illustrate our expanded free cash flow potential over the next 3 years by assuming similar commodity prices as the past 3 years. From 2021 through 2023, oil averaged $80 and natural gas averaged $4.25. Over that 3-year time frame, we generated $18 billion of free cash flow. Applying those same commodity prices to our forecast for the next 3 years, we would expect to generate $21 billion of free cash flow. That's 17% more cumulative free cash flow than the prior 3 years at the same price deck.
 Robust cash returned to shareholders, supported by substantial free cash flow stems from EOG's strong operational execution by focusing on well performance, sustainable cost reductions and maximizing full cycle returns through organic exploration and disciplined growth EOG has driven a step change in our financial performance and capacity to create significant value for our shareholders.
 Now here's Jeff to review operating results. 
Jeffrey Leitzell: Thanks, Anne. I'd like to first thank all the employees for a great start to the year with safe and efficient operational execution. Our first quarter volumes and total per unit cash operating costs beat targets while capital was in line.
 For the year, our capital forecast remains $6.2 billion and delivers 3% oil volume growth and 6% total production growth. We continue to expect that capital this year will be slightly more weighted in the first half, driven by the timing of our investments in the 2 infrastructure projects that we provided details on last quarter. These projects include the Janus gas processing plant in the Delaware Basin and the Verde pipeline that will serve our South Texas Dorado play, both highlighted on Slide 10 of our investor presentation.
 By the end of the second quarter, we expect to be on pace to have spent about 56% of our $6.2 billion capital plan. While our oil production and capital plan for the full year remains unchanged, we are actively managing activity in our Dorado asset, which is reflected in our second quarter natural gas production guidance published yesterday.
 As discussed last quarter, we moderated activity in Dorado this year in response to a weaker natural gas market and are now leveraging additional flexibility to delay well completions and manage volumes through the summer. However, we will continue to pursue a balanced development approach with this asset, which includes operating a full rig program throughout the year. This will help maintain operational momentum, capture corresponding efficiencies and continue to advance and improve the play while we continue to monitor the natural gas market.
 We remain constructive on the long-term gas outlook for the U.S., supported by LNG, power generation demand and the growing petrochemical complex on the Gulf Coast. We are especially pleased with Dorado's place in the market as one of the lowest cost supplies of natural gas in the U.S. with an advantaged location and emissions profile.
 With regards to service cost market, bids for standard spot services have been trending lower, which is consistent with our expectations of seeing some deflation this year. For high-spec rigs and frac fleets, we are still observing stable pricing. However, their availability is improving, especially in markets with less activity.
 As a reminder, we have secured 50% to 60% of our service cost in 2024, primarily with our high-spec high-demand services to ensure consistent performance throughout our program. By securing these resources, we're able to focus on sustainable efficiency improvements to progress each one of our plays at a measured pace.
 EOG's operating performance and capital efficiency continues to improve as our cross-functional teams work to drive efficiency gains throughout our multi-basin portfolio. A significant driver of efficiencies this year is longer laterals, which we expect will increase by 10% on average company-wide. The charge is being led in our foundational plays, the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford, Our operating teams in both plays have achieved consistent execution and success drilling and completing longer laterals leading to increased efficiencies, lower per foot well cost and improved well economics.
 In the Delaware Basin, we drilled 4 3-mile laterals in 2023 and have plans to drill more than 50 in 2024. In the Eagle Ford, our 24 plan includes increasing the average lateral length by about 20% to continue to unlock new potential across our 535,000 net acre footprint.
 Moving to the Powder River Basin. Our technical teams continue to make good strides with our balanced development approach between the Mowry and the Niobrara formations. In the Niobrara, we have recently transitioned into package development by applying the learnings we captured while drilling the deeper mile reformation first.
 In our first 3 Niobrara development packages this year, we've been able to increase our drilling footage per day by 25% compared to 2023 averages, while maintaining over 95% in zone targeting. This can be attributed to our refined geologic models and a better understanding of the stratigraphic variation across the play.
 With these continued efficiency gains across our diverse portfolio plays along with stable service costs, our expectations for full year well cost decrease is a low single-digit percentage. After a strong first quarter, EOG is well positioned to execute on its full year plan. Our technical teams continue to drive innovation with a focus on improved recovery, lowering costs and being a leader in sustainability.
 Now here's Keith to provide more color on the Utica. 
Keith Trasko: Thanks, Jeff. We're very happy with the results of our first 3 packages of development wells in the Utica combo play. We now have over 6 months of production data from the first 2, the Timberwolf and Xavier, which continue to outperform our expectations. Daily production rates per well have averaged more than 1,000 barrels of oil NGLs and 4 million cubic feet of gas over the first 6 months. On average, these 7 wells have produced more than 200,000 barrels of oil per well since being brought online in the second half of 2023. We recently brought on our third package, the White Rhino.
 This is our first development package in the southern portion of our acreage. The 4 White Rhino wells drilled at 1,000-foot spacing have been meeting our expectations during their first few weeks of production. Initial production also indicates a slightly higher liquids mix than our Timberwolf and Xavier wells drilled in the north and central parts of the play.
 While our Northern and Central acreage benefits from a thicker Utica, the southern area has better mechanical properties. The southern area also benefits from significant economic uplift associated with the mineral rights we secured across 135,000 net acres. The White Rhino wells add to our growing collection of data points, which includes 18 legacy wells, 4 delineation wells and now 3 development packages, which adds another 11 wells. While we expect to see performance vary across our 435,000 net acre position, well results over the past 2 years in multiple areas confirm high liquids premium productivity through the 140-mile north-south trend of the Utica's volatile oil window.
 On a per foot basis, the cumulative production in the Utica combo play compares favorably with some of the best areas of the Permian Basin with respect to both oil and total equivalents. Our large contiguous acreage position in the Utica lends itself to developing a long-life, repeatable, low-cost play competitive with the premier unconventional plays across North America.
 Our operating team continues to leverage consistent activity to increase efficiencies and drive down well costs. We recently drilled a 3.7 mile lateral on our stable pattern in the South, which is an EOG wide record lateral length. This well is scheduled to come online later this year, and we are excited to continue driving similar efficiencies as we increase our activity across this asset.
 For 2024, we are on target to drill and complete 20 net wells in the Utica across our northern, central and southern acreage, which supports a full rig program and enables significant well cost reductions.
 Now here's Ezra to wrap up. 
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Keith. I would like to note the following important takeaways: First, our differentiated business model focused on exploration and innovation has built one of the deepest highest return and most diverse multi-basin portfolios of inventory in the industry. The Utica, our most recent exploration success will be competitive with the premier unconventional plays across North America; Second, consistent execution in our core Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford assets delivers outstanding operational performance quarter after quarter, while investment in our emerging plays contributes to EOG's financial performance today and lays the groundwork for years of future high-return investment; Third, our robust cash return to shareholders continues to demonstrate our confidence in the outlook and value of our business; Finally, one of EOG's best champions of utilizing innovation to constantly improve the company as our friend and colleague, Billy Helms. Billy recently announced that he will retire at the end of this month.
 In Billy's 40-year career with EOG, he demonstrated a distinctive ability to encourage new ideas from our employees across multiple disciplines, innovative ideas to utilize infield technology, information technology and new processes to drill better wells for lower cost, more safely and with lower emissions.
 He then helped shepherd the very best of those ideas through to execution across the company. Even though well learned, the retirement of a friend and colleague is bittersweet. Best wishes to you, Billy. Thank you for your service to EOG. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today comes from Steve Richardson with Evercore ISI. 
Stephen Richardson: Ezra, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the gas outlook, particularly as it regards Dorado. I appreciate that you're moderating activity in the near term. But maybe you could talk a little bit about if the forward curve, it sounds like you all are pretty bullish on demand and the forward curve certainly reflects that -- [ $3.50, $4 ] out on the curve.
 Maybe talk about what could happen in the play in terms of where that one-rig program goes. And maybe also remind us as Verde gets into Phase II, do you all need to drill to fill? Or how do I think about the flexibility up down of that play once the infrastructure is complete? 
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Steve, that's a great question. This is Ezra. So you're right, gas, obviously, it's stating the obvious, but inventory levels are very high after 2 consecutive warm winters. But I will highlight in the last 2 years, we've also seen strong demand on the power side during the last 2 summers. And we expect that to obviously continue into this summer. So strong summer demand, coupled with the reduced supply, not only from some operators curtailing but just from the reduction in rig activity we see the potential inventory levels could come off quite a bit in the second half of the year.
 Now that said, overall, we're maintaining flexibility with investment into those gas plays and dominantly what we're talking about is Dorado. I would say, Steve, we really would prefer to keep some rig activity running and really continue to capture the operational efficiencies. It's always difficult when you actually completely shutter a program. Unfortunately, in some of our plays that happened obviously during COVID in 2020. So we'd prefer to continue to capture our learnings and continue having a rig operate in the area.
 But we do have a lot of flexibility on the completion side. And so you could look to us to potentially build some DUCs more so DUCs than necessarily hold back on turn-in lines, although we've done that before as well, but we prefer to be flexible on our completion schedule side.
 As far as commitments to filling the infrastructure, no, Steve, we don't have any of that for us. What's going to really determine the pace of our investment there and when we bring the gas online, it's really a returns-based question. That's one reason that we did, in fact, put the infrastructure in ourselves is it's really in line with our longer-term marketing strategy which, of course, is duration, flexibility, diversity of markets and most importantly, in a situation like this, control. And so we don't have any obligations necessarily to deal with. 
Stephen Richardson: Great. And so Ezra, would you, [ hastily ] guess. I appreciate that you've got this downside flexibility in a low price environment, but in a $3.50 or $4 price environment, could we see activity go to 2 to 3 rigs or don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but -- and I appreciate that there's probably efficiencies you want to retain on the upside as well. 
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Steve -- the last part you touched on is exactly the right way to think about it. It's the way that we think about it. We don't want to outrun our pace of learning. Now we are very constructive on the longer-term gas forecast for demand in North America. And we've talked about it before. We think Dorado is advantaged, not only with the cost of supply, but really with the geography where it's located, so we can service all the upcoming demand along the Gulf Coast.
 But the thing about a gas play is we're very committed to making sure that this is a low-cost asset. That's the most important thing because while we're constructive on a mid-cycle gas price increasing throughout the rest of this decade, it's easy to see that gas historically has been very volatile because no matter what you need to layer in weather on top of whatever gas supply-demand model you've created.
 And so the most important thing for us is, even in the early days of investing in this place, making sure that we're investing at a pace to optimize the returns and optimize the cost of supply and keep our cost basis low, so that we can continue to have a positive cash flow through some of those skinny times.
 So I'd say we could look to increase the activity I think we've talked in the past of being prepared to increase it with the upcoming LNG and just overall demand. But as far as assigning a hard level to it, Steve, we'll have the infrastructure in place. We have the -- not only the takeaway infrastructure but in-basin, things like sand and water -- water, mines and things of that nature. So we could ramp it up. But you should look at us to ramp it up commensurately with our learning, which would be at a more measured pace. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities. 
Arun Jayaram: Ezra, you returned over 100% of your free cash flow this quarter, above your 70% target for the year. I was wondering what the signals to the market -- historically, you haven't returned this level of cash flow. So -- outside of the fact that you thought your stock call below $120 was dislocated, any other implications you think to the market from this -- from the buyback activity in the quarter? 
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun. This is Ezra. I'd say last year, we did return to the market through buybacks and specials and our regular dividend, about 86% of the cash flow. So having higher quarters is not out of line. The big difference, as you highlighted is that it was all biased towards buybacks rather than specials. And that's really been the trend over the last few quarters and I think that trend will probably continue.
 The reason I say that is our business has really strengthened substantially over the past few years, as we've highlighted before, not only in our core assets like the Permian and Eagle Ford, but especially in these emerging plays, Utica, the Dorado, we're just talking about it, even the Powder River Basin. And really, it's -- the entire energy sector, EOG certainly, we think, remains undervalued relative to the broad market. And those are really the big things that provide us confidence to continue buying back our shares.
 In general, I'd say our cash flow allocation priorities remain unchanged. It is focused on the regular dividend. But we will continue to be opportunistic on share buybacks, and we'll use market volatility to our advantage. And we've really been doing that now as we've been in the market repurchasing shares for the past 5 quarters. I'd say we'll continue to evaluate the opportunities as they present themselves on how best to return cash to the shareholders.
 But the feedback that we've received is the shareholders appreciate our approach. And as I said, we've been biased to buybacks for the last couple of quarters. And for the time being, you can certainly see that probably proceeding going forward. 
Arun Jayaram: Great. My follow-up, Ezra, based on the 2Q guide, you're spending around 56% of your full year CapEx in the first half. I was wondering how the timing of some of the strategic infrastructure spend you highlighted last quarter, how that's influencing the first half CapEx? And just thoughts on confidence in the hitting the $6.2 billion full year CapEx guide for 2024? 
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yes, Arun, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. What I'd first say is our 2024 plan, it's playing out as we had expected. So everything is in line as far as timing, and we still feel really confident with the total CapEx budget of $6.2 billion.
 You did -- you hit it on the head, and we talked about it in our opening statements, CapEx will slightly be higher there in that first half. at that 56% of total budget, but that's really just due to some standard indirects. And really, those strategic infrastructure spends that we have talked about with the Delaware gas plant and the Verde pipeline there.
 The nice thing about it is both projects are scheduled to come online. The gas plant, we've got planned for the first half of 2025. And the second phase of Verde pipeline is going to come on, hopefully, the back end of this year. we're really excited about it to be able to get to realize that $0.50-plus per Mcf GP&T savings that both those projects are going to bring for the life of the asset. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I just love your perspective on the Eagle Ford and Bakken fields entered to more maturity. Some of your peers have talked on this earnings season about different things that they're doing to extend the life and deepen the inventory and just would love your perspective on some of the things you're doing on the ground to drive as much value as we get into the next phase of these assets. 
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yes, Neil, this is Jeff again. With the Eagle Ford, we've got a really good, consistent program this year. We're going to be completing about 150 net wells there. And as far as looking at the well performance, everything has been in line and right with our expectations. With any mature asset, you're going to see some productivity degradation. I mean we started out in the East where we had a little bit more prolific geology. And then more recently, we've moved out to the West, where it's slightly lower quality pay, but the key takeaway is we've been able to continue to improve the economics in that play year-over-year. And we've really done that just through -- as you talked about, increasing operational efficiencies and focusing on drilling faster, completing faster with super zippers, longer laterals and cost reductions that have continued to improve the capital efficiency of the play.
 And what I'd say is also one of the big movements that we've had is we're actually increasing the lateral length there in the Eagle Ford, about 20% this year. So -- and you can see the activity might be down just a hair year-over-year, but we've completed the same amount of lateral length as we did in 2023 with those longer laterals. So that's just one of the ways we're really able to drive efficiency there. You can see it in the returns. I mean, really, it's got some of the highest rate of returns over the last 3 years, and we've been drilling in the Eagle Ford for 15 years.
 And then looking over to the Bakken, we are very mature in that resource. Right now, we kind of run a program of about 10 net wells there. Primarily, they're just Three Forks targets and Bakken targets. And really, we're just going in and offset and infilling around some of our existing development. We're staying ahead of depletion. And then also, we've had some areas with limited markets, but we've got some new available capacity, so we're able to bring some additional wells online there.
 So obviously, with a really oily play, the well productivity looks great on there and everything that's coming online is in line with our forecast, and we're excited about those wells this year. 
Neil Mehta: And then Billy, I just want to extend my congratulations to you on your retirement and thanks for the insight over the years. My follow-up is just on the macro, on the oil macro specifically. We've got OPEC meeting coming up here in the next couple of weeks and a lot of uncertainty on both the demand and supply side. So -- just how is this year from a commodity perspective -- oil commodity perspective trended relative to your expectations? And I know you have a big in-house operation looking at the macro. What's the crystal ball telling you, Ezra? 
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil. Well, I'd start with the fact that Q1, I think, has really played out as most people expected. There is a bit of a pullback in demand there. And that's one thing that had prompted I think, had prompted some of the spare capacity being brought offline. But ultimately, that demand was about 102 million barrels a day. It looks to us and others out there, other models, it looks like demand should strengthen throughout the year. So we have not only seasonal demand picking up here, but also we're seeing underlying strength in the U.S. economy. Also in the China, the Chinese economy, just a little bit, namely on the manufacturing side.
 So ultimately, we see demand reaching a bit above 104 million a day in the back half of the year. And so that's on the demand side. When you think about inventory levels, obviously, first quarters with spare capacity offline, inventory levels have stayed just below that 5-year average, but products really are a bit lower. And so that shapes up for a good -- some good inventory draws potentially in the back half of the year.
 And then really on the supply side, as I spoke about in the opening comments, we think U.S. supply should be pretty moderate. We're in agreement with other estimates of kind of that 300,000 to 400,000 barrel per day growth year-over-year. And that's where we arrive in a model that would indicate we see much of the spare capacity reentering the market throughout the rest of this year. But we'll see how that depends, how that really plays out, as you said, at the next upcoming OPEC meeting. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: My first question today, is on your Utica play, specifically looking at the map on Slide 12, it appears you all continue to target more so the eastern side of the volatile window, I'm just wondering. Could you talk about your thoughts maybe on the prospectivity of the black oil window? And if there's just anything that you might see this year that might cause you to change activity in the play for the remainder of the year? 
Keith Trasko: Yes. This is Keith. You're right, we have been delineating mainly north south through the valid oil trend. It's a 140-mile area. The first thing we need to -- kind of on the west is we need to acquire seismic data. We're in the process of doing that. We need to see the degree of structural complexity kind of before we don't -- before we start developing. But geologically, in general, we don't see significant changes in thickness or pay from east to west. On the West, you're going to have a little bit lower maturity, which would equate to less pressure. But in our other plays, such as the Eagle Ford, less pressure reduces the well productivity, maybe a little bit, but it also reduces costs. So your economics are still really comparable to all the other portions of the play.
 And then overall, just on activity level, he asked, we have ramped up to 1 full rig this year. We want to be able to grow at a pace where we can leverage our learnings continue to get better and also drive costs down. We need to keep getting infrastructure in place in the basin like in-basin sand and water reuse. So we are sticking to our 2024 plan laid out last quarter of 20 net wells, and it's a little too early to disclose anything for 2025. But overall, this play really competes with our best place for capital. The other great thing is with the multi-basin portfolio, we don't necessarily need to ramp it up aggressively. We'll just kind of let returns drive that. 
Neal Dingmann: Very good details, Keith. And then just a second quickly on -- look at the supplement Slide 12, I like that slide you talked about just your marketing opportunity is. Statistically, I'm looking at sort of around the oil side, the U.S. oil. Is there opportunities to increase around the export side if opportunities present? Or maybe just talk about the optionality or flexibility you might have around those markets? 
D. Terveen: Yes, Neil, this is Lance. Yes, I think what we like best is just we are advantaged. When you think about just from the supply that we have out of the Delaware Basin, the capacity, the firm capacity that we have that can come into the Gulf Coast. And then the facility that we're down in the Eagle side, it's just -- it's an outstanding facility. They recently just increased the dredging that's there. So we're actually been loading [ DLCCs ] there. So the capability that we have there and our tank position, we've actually been pushing more across the dock into the export markets in the most recent quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. 
Scott Hanold: Yes, thanks. A little bit more on the Utica. I appreciate the fact that you guys do not want to outrun your learning curve. But given that. You're demonstrating some pretty good competitive economics with places like the Permian, just big picture, like what needs to happen and what do you need to see for this to be become a more meaningful part of your capital allocation and production going forward? 
Ezra Yacob: Scott, this is Ezra. Yes, I think we're very happy with where we're at. It's over a 400,000-acre position. As Keith highlighted, it's 140 miles north to south. And let's be honest, we've got 2 packages on right now. Now the 2 packages are fantastic. They're exceeding what we initially had in our type curves, and they're more than confirming some of our early thoughts on the spacing test. So at this point, everything is going in the right direction.
 As Keith highlighted, to help delineate some of the other acreage that we have, the first step is to -- well, really, the first step was having some of the well-log identification. So really, maybe the second step now is to go ahead and get that seismic and see what the level of complexity is.
 As Keith talked about in his opening comments, we have brought on -- just brought on a package down in the south. Which will prove up -- it's a bit of a different geologic environment down there. It's also an area where we own the minerals, which is very exciting. You guys know the economic uplift that, that can have.
 So overall, I would say that everything is right on pace. We'd like to continue to get some in-basin -- just infrastructure and be able to start to leverage the size and scale that we have. Maybe one way to think about it, Scott, is, in all these early resource plays think about where the Utica is. And maybe it's around where the Permian was in kind of 2012, 2013 time frame. And so that's why when we all talk about not outrunning our ability to learn, the costs that you're putting in the ground today, we think about it as full cycle economics, and they're going to stay with you on the life of this asset.
 We're not at a point where we're in need of increasing the activity here. We've got a very deep high-return inventory across multiple basins, and that's really the big difference. I think our business model has changed as the company has matured, and we've built out that inventory where we don't need to lean in aggressively on any single one asset anymore. We've got the ability with this multi-basin portfolio that we can invest in each of these at a pace that really allows them to improve year-over-year.
 Now we definitely want to bring some of these capital efficiency learnings from the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, the Permian, into the Utica. But we want to do it at a place where we're not -- we don't have the misses on spacing or higher well costs or things that have plagued some of the early learnings in these other resource plays.
 So I wouldn't say we're looking for any major sign or any silver bullet that we're going to turn on a 15-rig program or anything like that, Scott. It's really the -- where our company is at, where we're at in the cycle, and it ultimately comes down to a returns-based decision not at the asset level, but really at the company level as to how to capitally allocate across the portfolio to maximize shareholder value. 
Scott Hanold: And before I ask my next question, I want to extend my congrats to Bill as well. Obviously, we all appreciated your insights and expertise over the years.
 And so my follow-up question is, could you all refresh us on Trinidad a little bit? I mean, you obviously have some growth coming there that was planned, but remind us the economics and how pricing is set in that region relative to, say, like, what we're seeing with Henry Hub pricing? 
Jeffrey Leitzell: Scott, this is Jeff. Yes, just on the activity in Trinidad. We're currently just running our 1-rig program there and everything is going really smooth. Earlier this year, we completed 2 of our remaining wells there in the Modified U(a) Block successfully. And brought those online. And we're currently drilling and completing a couple of exploratory wells in the SECC block. And then after that, we'll move the rig and we've got a couple of recompletes to do in our Sercan area. And then one more exploration well to finish up the year in TSP area.
 Another note that I'll point to you too is we're also installing our Mento platform. Everything has been on time and looking good there. getting the facilities in place, and that's in an SMR Block. And what that will do is that will really set us up for the program next year. So -- and as far as the marketing side, I'll hand it over to Lance to give a little color. 
D. Terveen: Yes, Scott, we've always been real pleased there in Trinidad, especially when we think about our price realizations and obviously meeting that local demand into the country. So I think you can see even with the price realizations that we had in their first quarter, they were very attractive. So we continue to see that kind of on a go-forward basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani with RothamKM. 
Leo Mariani: I wanted to just follow up a little bit more on the exploration side. Obviously, you guys seem happy where you are in the Utica. But just wanted to kind of ask in terms of activity levels. Is there other kind of ongoing exploration still this year in some of these U.S. oil stealth plays and perhaps you can just talk about kind of levels or wells? I know you're not going to reveal necessarily any of the specific areas.
 And then just on a related point, obviously, you guys have talked about this exploration being able to kind of drive down the DD&A rates for the company. Happened to notice that your DD&A rate did go up a fair bit here in the first quarter versus where it was in fourth quarter. So maybe you could just kind of wrap it all together and give us some color around that? 
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Leo, this is Ezra. I'll start with the exploration and then hand the DD&A details over to Ann for an answer. On the exploration side, yes, we do have some exploration dollars in the budget this year, as we highlighted on the first quarter call. We continue to explore for -- yes, we continue to focus on oil plays. But at the core of it, what we continue to explore for things that are going to be additive to the quality of the corporate portfolio. And that's what you're seeing with the Utica, obviously. So that's a major success for us. We're not exploring for things that are simply just going to add inventory. We really want them to be additive on a returns basis, additive on a cost of reserves or refining and development cost basis, and that's how it contributes into lowering the DD&A rate.
 This year, we are drilling a couple of what I would call initial wells or I hate to call them wildcat wells because these aren't frontier types of activities. These are in basins where there's data and there's been historic production and things like that, but let's call them, the initial wells to test some exploration ideas.
 And then we've still got another stealth player too that are a bit more in, say, a delineation phase, where we've drilled the initial well. We've seen -- we've been encouraged with the initial well results, and we're continuing to test and see if it's going to clear those hurdle rates that I talked about.
 The big thing I'd say is these days are exploration plays in these initial wells I think I've highlighted this before. In the U.S., the way we operate through exploration, there's so much data that we're not really drilling these initial wells and to see if they'll actually produce oil and natural gas. It's not like we're testing whether or not the rock is productive and could we end up with a dry hole. These days, it's really about when we get the oil and gas to surface. Is it what we expected? Is it going to be economic in such a way that it really competes with the existing portfolio? Are we exploring? Have we found something that really commands investment and taking rigs off of another play.
 And I'll hand it over to Ann. 
Ann Janssen: The DD&A, you saw an increase in the first quarter was just due to a onetime prior period adjustment due to some natural gas production being used in our gathering systems. We did come in at guidance level, and you can't expect that DD&A to moderate over the remaining 3 quarters for the year, respecting about $10.50 for the remainder of the year. 
Leo Mariani: And then I just wanted to follow up real quick. Obviously, you guys are pretty optimistic on natural gas kind of laid out some pretty big demand increases over the balance of the decade. You spoke a little bit about 2024, second half continuing to look better. Maybe if I just wanted to focus a little bit more near term. As you look at '25, strips kind of just north of [ $3.50 ] or so. Are you just increasingly bullish on '25? Do you think that strip price is pretty reasonable? Or do you think things can potentially be better than that? I think everyone is kind of on board that demand will be a lot better later this decade, but I just wanted to maybe focus a little bit more on kind of the next year or so. 
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this Ezra. I don't know if I'd call it bullish on '25, but I would say that we're constructive. As I said, we've seen a surprising upside on the amount of natural gas demand for power generation over the last couple of summers, and we continue to think that's going to be true this summer. That -- a big part of that is coupled with coal retirements.
 We also think the pull on natural gas this summer because pricing is soft, will also continue to be great as well. You combine that with the reduction in rig activities over the past 8 months or so, and the fact that operators now are also starting to curtail volumes. We think that's going to bring down the supply side to a point where you could actually make some pretty good progress on those inventory levels in the back half of this year. That with a little bit of feed gas starting to be taken on the LNG. It gives us a little bit of confidence headed into in '25. But you are right, there is a bit of -- there is quite a bit of an overhang right now that we need to see come off starting with this summer. 
Operator: The next question from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Also I have to apologize, but I want to go back into Utica. If I'm looking at a well cost or that well productivity, what kind of improvement you need in order for you to move from the peso [indiscernible] to the -- or delineation [indiscernible] of the manufacturing or production development now?
 And also that, based on what you can see from your inventory backlog, what is the one that you feel comfortable about the delineation. What is the development program look like whether it's been the number of rig and crew or number of wells that you expect going to come from that on a per year basis. That's the first question. 
Keith Trasko: Yes. Paul, this Keith. So I'll start on the well cost. It's still early on the play that team continues to drive down the cost. We see a lot of room for further efficiencies, the consistent activity this year with 1 full rig has helped that a lot. We like that generally in the area, it's an easier operating environment compared to a lot of our other plays. That's consistent geology. It's a little bit shallower depths. Example of that is our 3.7 mile lateral we just drilled on the [indiscernible].
 We also brought in an e-frac crew for higher pump rates and increased efficiencies. And Overall, we see development costs someday getting to be a little bit lower than the Permian, even on $1 per foot. But the great thing is that this play just has the opportunity to benefit from the learnings of all of our other plays and EOG best practices.
 On the well performance side, we're really happy with the wells as I and Ezra, we kind of already touched on, we see that these compete with the best players in America, very comparable to the Permian on a production per foot basis both in oil and equivalents, really highlighting our differentiated organic exploration strategy.
 The development program as far as rigs and crews and number of wells. It goes back to growing at that pace where we can still learn and just the multi-basin portfolio. We don't necessarily have to ramp this up aggressively. So. 
Paul Cheng: I see. Before I ask my second question, I also want to add my congratulations and best wishes to Billy, thank you for the help over the past several years.
 The second question, I think, is for Ann. This year that you have about $400 million on strategic infrastructure spending. I assume that it's not every year, you will have that. But throughout the cycle, you're always going to have some strategic infrastructure spending, I suppose. So what will be a reason of [indiscernible] based for the cycle assumption for the strategic infrastructure spending and also that add to overall spending level for the infrastructure all along D&C for you guys? 
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Paul, this Ezra. Yes, the $400 million of infrastructure, the strategic infrastructure that we've highlighted before, which we couldn't be more excited about because of some of the long-term margin expansion benefits that Jeff highlighted it in the opening remarks. These are projects that, historically, we look for opportunities like this, but they're very rare to present themselves where we can take on infrastructure projects that generate such a compelling rate of return. We've talked about the Verde pipeline is expected to generate about a 20% rate of return uplift. And then on top of that, we get that GP&T savings, a netback uplift of $0.50 to $0.60 per Mcf over the life of the asset.
 Similarly, on Janus, the gas processing plant in the Permian Basin, that one also has roughly an anticipated 20% rate of return. And then on that one, we have a GP&T savings, a net back uplift of about $0.50 an Mcf. If we could continue to find some of these projects with that strong of a return profile and that much value creation for the shareholders over the life of the assets, we would be interested in continuing to do them.
 But to be perfectly honest with you, Typically, those margins get squeezed down to a point where we don't want to do them. It's really more beneficial for a third party to come in and do them. But there are times in the cycle where -- and it seems to happen every 5, 8, 10 years or so, where there ends up being enough margin there where we see the opportunity to go ahead and capture that value for our shareholders. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Derrick Whitfield with Stifel. 
Derrick Whitfield: Leading on the Utica, it sounds like the southern part of the trend could be advantaged on returns based on the elevated NRIs and potential geology. Could you perhaps expand on the difference you're seeing in the geology between the north and the south? 
Keith Trasko: Yes. This Keith. So yes, it's still early in the play. We're learning more every day about how the geology ties to production. It's going to obviously vary over the 435,000 net acres. But in general, the Utica is thicker in the North. The South is a little bit better pay, but it has better geomechanics and rock properties. That has to do with frac barriers and keeping the frac energy more contained near the wellbore.
 So we expect, as we gather more data, different areas are going to have different type curves. Geology is also going to drive the spacing too. But we're real happy with the rail results in all of the areas. They're exceeding expectations, generating great returns and we're happy so far with these white rhinos that are down in the south.
 So they're still cleaning up. They've gone on for a couple of weeks. We're seeing a little more liquid yield compared to the Timberwolf and Xavier. And you're right, those do have the minerals, they benefit from that, and we'll be able to update you when we have a little more production data. 
Derrick Whitfield: Great. Then bigger picture question on the PRB Niobrara. Assuming further D&C optimization efficiencies based on your progress to date, could this play compete with the Delaware and Eagle Ford over time in returns? 
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yes, Derrick, this Jeff. So yes, we've made a lot of really good strides there in the PRB. We started out really focusing in on that deeper Mowry really to refine our geologic models kind of throughout the whole section. And we had good success with the Mowry with that. We went into package development last year, and we saw with package development, a really good uptick in overall productivity there, about 10% in Mowry. So once we accumulate enough data, we went ahead and we're moving up in section in the package development there in the Niobrara. and just really started drilling some wells this year, having really good success operationally, and we'll look to be bringing some of those on later in the year here.
 So in comparison to the Powder and the Permian, I mean, there's not many basins that are going to be like the Permian as far as overall productivity and results. It's just a little bit different. But there are some advantages up there. It's got a really low F&D cost and there's a lot of scale there. Obviously, we've got close to 400,000 acres and we're really just focused in down on the south Powder portion of that. So we've got a lot of expansion that we can take our learnings and we can move it up to the North Powder, which we've had some delineation wells and across the acreage from that aspect.
 So we're excited about it. It's not moving as fast maybe as what the Permian Basin had but we're making really, really good strides. The returns look great on it, and the teams are continuing to make really good improvements from an operational aspect, and we are seeing premium returns on that play. 
Operator: The next question from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho Securities. 
Nitin Kumar: Congrats to Bill on the retirement. Thanks for all the help over the years.
 Want to start off on Ezra, some of your peers have talked about refrac and recomplete activity in the Eagle Ford. You obviously have a long history in the basin and obviously are [indiscernible] technology. I just want to ask, what are your thoughts around refracs and could they compete with some of these new players like the Utica and others on economics? 
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yes. This Jeff. We obviously keep our finger on kind of what's happening with refracs and that technology out there. We've done tests in the past in multiple basins. And what we really find is just with our robust inventory across our multi-basin portfolio. The opportunity for refracs, we're much better to either go in and offset an existing completion that was maybe poor or lesser or just go ahead and drill a new well in a new section from that aspect.
 And then the other thing that I'd point out is from refrac technology, I think there's still a long ways to go. I mean there's pretty crude approaches. To where you kind of do some Hail Mary fracs or have to install expensive additional casing strings. And you never quite get the productivity uplift that you're looking from an actual new well.
 So no, right now, we see just a lot more potential in our existing inventory in the acreage that we have out there. We will keep an eye on the refrac technology and watch it advance and see if it has application, but we feel that going ahead and drilling a new well or an infill well is a much better investment. 
Nitin Kumar: Great. And I guess as a follow-up, we've talked a lot about gas macro today, but you have a pretty strong marketing arm. Are you starting to see demand pull directly from the producer from some of the AI or Mexican exports or any of these kind of tailwinds to gas macro demand that you're hearing about? 
D. Terveen: This Lance. Yes, I mean, it's still pretty early on the AI front. But I'd say when you think about us, you're right. I mean we do have a lot of capability and a lot of reach with the marketing arm. We are very pleased with the execution that we have. We talked a lot -- you heard even Ezra talk about the pillars that we have there with diversification and control the flexibility. All those things provide the reach that we need as we think about our price realizations [ sync ] into the most attractive markets. 
Operator: And our final question comes from David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: I just wanted to ask a follow-up just on the Utica, particularly as you fit into some of the analogs and other plays that you've been in, in the life cycle of that exploration and development program. How do you think about testing longer laterals in the Utica specifically over time? Which seems to be a play that's quite amenable to even lateral lengths beyond 3 milers versus attempting to get down your footage cost? Sort of where are we in the theoretical innings there? 
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yes, David, this Jeff. We're in the very early innings there. And what I'll say operationally is the Utica sets up, I mean, almost perfectly. It's the efficiency gains that we're able to see there, we're getting better with just about every well. And as Keith had talked about in his opening statements, we drilled our longest lateral there to date at 3.7 miles. Our program right now consistently is 3 miles, and the team plans on continuing to push that out just because we can do one runs in the laterals and stay on bottom longer and not have to trip out of the hole, and we really have no problems operationally completing the wells.
 So I think the play I'm looking forward to is as far as from longer laterals is, yes, we'll continue to push the limits there. We've got a lot of other drivers. It's not just the cost per foot metric we're looking at. There's other movement that we have that we'll be able to lower cost. But I would expect as we continue on with the operational successes we have, we will be drilling longer and longer there in the Utica. 
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that. And just my final question. Just as you think about the incremental few hundred million spent this year on strategic infrastructure, and some other projects along the infrastructure side. How do you think about sort of the forward capital intensity of infrastructure as you continue developing in the '25 and '26 and beyond? Is that a number that should increase with intensity every year just given some of the infrastructure calls that are out there currently? Or is this sort of what you feel is like a steady run rate as a percentage basis? 
Ezra Yacob: Yes, David, this is Ezra. Those are fixed projects, the strategic infrastructure that we're talking about. And so the best kind of way to look at it, maybe is to reference that 3-year scenario that we have out there. Now that is not guidance, but it is a scenario that potentially assumes a similar macro environment to what we've seen in the last few years. And what we could do going forward.
 And what you see there is maybe not as much capital intensity, but you see there is an expansion of our cash flow and our free cash flow. And that's really the thing that we focus on. And that's the important thing to keep in mind, when we talk about these strategic infrastructure projects, and it's something I highlighted before is that when you can invest -- we're not aggressively seeking out these strategic infrastructure, these infrastructure projects. But when you have the opportunity to invest in something that offers a very compelling rate of return upfront, and it gives you the margin expansion for the life of the asset. That's definitely an opportunity that we want to grab. So one of the ways that we continue to lower the cost basis of the company. And it's one of the ways that in that 3-year scenario, you see the free cash flow margins expanding. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question session. I would like to turn the call over to Ezra Yacob. 
Ezra Yacob: Thank you. We appreciate everyone's time today. I'd like to hand the call over to Billy to wrap up. 
Lloyd Helms: Thank you, Ezra, and thanks to all of you for your kind remarks, and I truly have enjoyed the chance to meet all of you and work with you in the past. Let me just add, I've been blessed to be part of this company, and its unique culture for the past 43 years.
 Working beside so many talented people and watching the company grow and to become a leader in the industry. And while I certainly will miss the daily interactions, I take with me incredible memories. And I have great confidence in the leadership team and look forward to watching EOG's continued success. So thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Investor Relations Vice President of EOG Resources, Mr. Pearce Hammond. Please go ahead, sir.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you, and good morning, and thanks for joining us for the EOG Resources fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. I'm Pearce Hammond, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of today's call will be available on our website beginning later today. As a reminder, this conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those and our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release, and EOG's SEC filings. This conference call may also contains certain historical and forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures and related discussion can be found on EOG's website. In addition, some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves, as well as estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, President; Jeff Leitzel, Chief Operating Officer, Ann Janssen, Chief Financial Officer, and Lance Terveen, Senior Vice President, Marketing. Here's Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Pearce. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our outstanding performance last year demonstrates that EOG's value proposition delivers results. We beat our volume targets and reached a production milestone, exiting the year producing more than 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. We earned adjusted net income of $6.8 billion for a return on capital employed of 31%. We generated $5.1 billion of free cash flow and returned more than 85% of that free cash flow to shareholders last year, handily outpacing our cash return commitment. Our regular dividend remains the anchor of our cash return strategy. We increased it 10% last year to an annualized rate of $3.64 per share, which represents among the highest regular dividend yields of our peers and is competitive with the broader market. 2023 was a year of record production and outstanding financial performance, and it's not a one-off year. The real power of EOG's value proposition is consistency. Over the last three years, since the start of 2021, EOG has generated about $20 billion of adjusted net income, over $18 billion of free cash flow, and returned over $12 billion to shareholders. EOG delivers reliable operating results that translate to consistent financial performance year after year through the cycle. And that's EOG's value proposition, sustainable value creation through industry cycles. Our strategy to deliver on that value proposition starts first with capital discipline, a returns-focused capital allocation strategy guided by our premium hurdle rate, which requires investments to earn at least 30% direct after tax return at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Capital discipline allows EOG to consistently achieve its free cash flow priorities and deliver on shareholder return commitments, positioning EOG as a compelling investment competitive with the S&P 500. The second principle of our strategy to deliver on our value proposition is operational execution. Our multi-basin organic growth portfolio is a competitive advantage. We have superior in-house technical expertise that supports leading-edge well performance while minimizing well costs. Our proprietary information technology enables real-time data-driven decision-making. We actively avoid falling into manufacturing mode where one well design is stamped out across a basin. Rather, we adhere to the discipline of continuous improvement such that the latest learnings get embedded into the next well and transferred to the next basin. Integrated into our operations is our focus on sustainability, the third leg of our strategy to deliver EOG's value proposition. Last year was a banner year with respect to our environmental performance. In addition to maintaining GHG and methane emissions intensity rates below our 2025 targets, we also achieved zero routine flaring throughout our operations. We achieved a wellhead gas capture rate of 99.9% and in the Delaware basin, our most active operational area, we increased water reuse to 90%. The final leg and foundation of our value proposition is EOG's culture. Our employees embrace and embody EOG's unique culture and are the number one reason for EOG's success. Collaborative multidisciplinary teams drive innovation and sustain the cycle of continuous improvement and our technology leadership. Our company is decentralized and non-bureaucratic to allow decision-making in the field at the asset level, which truly differentiates EOG relative to our peers and is a lasting competitive advantage. This culture is what drove our successful results in 2023 and provides the foundation to continue to deliver in the future. Ann is up next to discuss our cash return strategy and preview the details of our 2024 capital plan. Here's Ann.
Ann Janssen: Thanks, Ezra. This morning, I'd like to review EOG's cash return strategy. A growing sustainable regular dividend remains the foundation of our cash return commitment, which is now a minimum of 70% of our annual free cash flow. We believe the regular dividend is the best indicator of a company's confidence in its future performance. It's a commitment to our shareholders based on our ability to continue to lower our cost structure and sustainably expand future free cash flow generation. Since we began trading as an independent company in 1999, we have delivered a sustainable growing regular dividend. It has never been cut or suspended and its 25-year compound annual growth rate is 21%. Last year, we announced an increase in our regular dividend of 10%. In fact, we have increased our regular dividend by at least 10% each year for the last seven years. The indicated annual rate is now $3.64 per share, which currently represents about a 3.2% regular dividend yield, among the highest in our E&P peer group. In addition to our regular dividend, we paid $2.50 per share in special dividends in 2023 and took advantage of increased market volatility to opportunistically repurchase shares. We bought back approximately 1 billion of our shares at an average price of $112 per share, repurchasing nearly 9 million shares. Since putting the $5 billion repurchase authorization in place over two years ago, the fundamental strength of our business has improved and we continue to get better through consistent execution of and commitment to EOG's value proposition. Last year, we also further strengthened our balance sheet by retiring $1.25 billion of debt. At year-end 2023, we had $5.3 billion in cash on the balance sheet, $3.8 billion in long-term debt, and over $7 billion of liquidity. We view a strong balance sheet as a competitive advantage in a cyclical industry. Our balance sheet is among the strongest in the energy sector and ranks near the top 10% in the S&P 500. Between our $1.9 billion of regular dividends, $1.5 billion of special dividends, $1 billion of buybacks, and retiring $1.25 billion of debt, 100% of EOG's 2023 free cash flow of $5.1 billion is accounted for. With a financial profile more competitive than ever with the broader market, EOG has never been better positioned to generate significant long-term shareholder value. This quarter, we included a three-year scenario on slide five of our investor presentation to illustrate our ability to create future shareholder value. We assumed a macro environment, commodity prices, and production growth comparable to the last few years for production that's low single-digit oil growth and high single-digit BOE growth per year. In the current environment, this pace of activity has delivered exceptional results, and we expect to deliver more of the same. Using a $65 to $85 oil price range and a $3.25 natural gas price through 2026, we would expect to generate between $12 billion and $22 billion in cumulative free cash flow and an average return on capital employed of 20% to 30%. At the midpoint, the scenario estimates $17 billion in cumulative free cash flow, which represents about one-quarter of EOG's current enterprise value. We believe this three-year scenario highlights an extremely competitive shareholder return profile not only among energy companies, but also with the S&P 500. Turning more immediately to 2024, we forecast another year of strong operational and financial performance. We expect our $6.2 billion capital plan to grow oil volumes by 3% and total production on a BOE basis by 7%. At just $45 WTI, our plan breaks even. At $75 WTI and $250 Henry Hub, we expect to generate about $4.8 billion of free cash flow and produce an ROCE of greater than 20%. Based on our target of returning at least 70% of free cash flow, that implies a minimum return to shareholders of $3.4 billion this year. Now, here's Billy to review 2023 operating results and proved reserves.
Lloyd Helms: Thanks, Ann. 2023 proved to be another exceptional year of performance, and I would like to thank each of our employees for their accomplishments and execution last year. For the full year, we delivered oil production above the original guidance midpoint set at the beginning of the year, while capital spending was at the midpoint. Overall, we were able to grow our oil volumes by 3% and our total production by 8% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we achieved a significant milestone, crossing the 1 million barrel of oil equivalent per day level of total production. EOG has been able to nearly double production over the last 10 years through our high return organic growth approach. Last year, our cross-functional teams worked to drive efficiency gains throughout our multi-basin portfolio. For drilling operations, our EOG motor program continues to reduce downtime with our 2023 program yielding about a 15% improvement in footage drilled per rig. For completions, we continue to expand our super zipper operations across our multi-basin portfolio, reduce frac fleet move times, and decrease stage pump times due to increased horsepower for frac fleet. This improved our completed footage per frac fleet by about 7% in 2023. And we expect to continue seeing the benefit of those gains throughout 2024, which Jeff will run through shortly. Our production teams work to optimize production and expenses, reducing our cash operating costs to $10.33 per BOE. In addition, our facility and operating personnel continue to reduce our methane emissions while commissioning our first CCS injection well. Our approved reserve base increased by 260 million barrels of oil equivalent last year, and now totals nearly 4.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This represents a 6% increase in reserves year-over-year, and proved reserve replacement of 202%, excluding price-related revisions, with a finding and development cost of just $7.20 per barrel of oil equivalent. Now here's Jeff to discuss operations and the 2024 plan.
Jeffrey Leitzell: Thanks, Billy. For our 2024 plan, we forecast a $6.2 billion CapEx program to deliver 3% oil volume growth and 7% total production growth. We expect to see some deflation throughout the year, and our forecasting well cost to be down a low single-digit percentage compared to last year. The primary drivers are a 10% to 15% reduction in tubulars and ancillary service costs. Our plan reflects increased investment in long-term strategic infrastructure in the Delaware Basin and Dorado, which are expected to reduce operating costs and expand margins for the life of these assets. These projects are highlighted on slide seven of our presentation, and Lance will discuss them in greater detail in a moment. I'd like to highlight that our year-over-year direct capital efficiency is improving, which is illustrated in our capital program breakdown on slide six of our earnings presentation. In addition to the operational improvements Billy mentioned, our company-wide average treated lateral length per well is increasing by 10% in 2024. These improved efficiencies and longer laterals have resulted in a decrease in the number of drilling rigs by four, frac fleets by two, and our net wells by 40 compared to last year. The ability to grow our volumes year-over-year for less direct CapEx is a testament to the improved well performance and operational efficiency gains we are realizing across our operating area. When looking at our activity in 2024, EOG remains focused on progressing each one of our plays at a measured pace that allows us to capture and implement valuable learnings while realizing consistent improvement. In our foundational plays, specifically the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford, our teams are executing at a high level, and we expect to maintain consistent activity compared to 2023. For Dorado, we remain excited about this 21 TCF resource potential asset and the role it will play in meeting growing global natural gas demand. Throughout last year, our team made good progress on improving operational efficiencies and recoveries. For 2024, we expect to moderate activity compared to 2023. A balanced approach to our investment in Dorado will allow us to maintain consistent operations to advance and improve the play while continuing to remain flexible as we monitor the natural gas market. In the Utica play, our technical and operations teams continue to make great progress. Our latest three-well Xavier package delivered initial 30-day average production of 3,250 barrel of oil equivalent per day with 55% oil and 75% liquids. The Xavier wells were drilled at 800-foot spacing, which is tighter than the Timberwolf package at 1,000-foot spacing. We are pleased that all of our package wells to date have come online at production levels exceeding results from our initial individual test wells. For 2024, we expect to increase our activity level to one full rig, continue to test well spacing, and delineate our acreage across the play. Our next four-well package, named White Rhino, is located in the southern part of the Utica, and we expect these wells to come online in the first half of the year. In the Powder River Basin, our team has continued to improve well productivity in the Mowry Formation. We have observed double-digit increases in oil and BOE productivity per well due to improved targeting and our consistent package development. Moving into 2024, we expect to moderate activity levels, and along with Mowry development, will begin testing packages in the shallower Niobrara Formation in our primary development area. I would like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication that has positioned the company for another outstanding year. We are excited about executing our 2024 plan. EOG remains focused on running the business for the long-term, generating high returns through disciplined growth, operational execution, and investing in projects that will lower the future cost bases of the company. Now here's Lance to discuss infrastructure.
Lance Terveen: Thanks, Jeff. Infrastructure investments have been an essential element of EOG's marketing strategy to maintain transportation flexibility out of a basin, diversification of in-sales markets, and control from wellhead to sales point for flow assurance and to maximize margins. More recently, we have invested in two new strategic infrastructure assets to lower the long-term cost bases of the company and enhance margins. In the Delaware Basin, we are constructing the Janus natural gas processing plant, a 300 million cubic feet per day facility, along with gathering pipelines up to 24 inches in diameter. This new plant and gathering system is expected to provide material savings over the life of our Delaware Basin asset and reliability and flow assurance in the most active oil play in the U.S. We expect Janus will go into service in the first half of next year and deliver cost savings and revenue uplift of about $0.50 per MCF. While we enjoy great relationships with our third-party midstream providers, this new EOG-owned plant adds optionality consistent with our marketing strategy. The Delaware Basin is our largest asset by throughput volumes, and early high utilizations at our Janus plant provides for an anticipated 20% plus rate of return. In our emerging South Texas Dorado play, we're constructing Phase 2 of the Verde 36-inch natural gas pipeline. We have taken a very disciplined approach to build out Verde commensurate with expansion of U.S. Gulf Coast demand. We placed Phase 1, which terminates in Freer, Texas, in service last year. And once Phase 2 is fully in service later this year, the Verde pipeline will extend to Agua Dulce, where we will have a premier position along the Gulf Coast with pipeline connections to reach multiple demand centers, including LNG facilities and additional local and Mexico markets. We continue to see consistent well results in Dorado, and this new strategic investment supports lower future breakevens in a volatile natural gas market. We're extremely pleased with the progress we're making with these strategic infrastructure investments, which we expect will lower the cost basis of the company, provide substantial savings versus other alternatives, and increase operational control. In addition to strategic infrastructure, we continue to be a first mover in marketing our domestic natural gas to diverse indexes. We recently finalized a sale and purchase agreement for 140,000 MMBtu per day of our natural gas index to Brent, and another 40,000 MMBtu per day index to Brent, or a U.S. Gulf Coast gas index, beginning in January of 2027. Adding a Brent-linked agreement with start date certainty further expands EOG's pricing exposure to international natural gas markets and growing LNG demand. EOG is executing on its marketing strategy to diversify our access to customers across multiple end markets for our growing production of reliable and affordable natural gas. Now here's Ezra to wrap up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Lance. EOG's business has never been better, and our financial position has never been stronger. Our 2023 operational and financial results were not a one-time event. Rather, the results reflect our value proposition at work. Capital discipline, operational execution, leadership, and sustainability, and a unique culture are at the core of our success and will continue to deliver consistent shareholder value, and it continues in 2024. We are investing across our multi-basin portfolio with a focus on optimizing both near and long-term free cash flow generation and delivering high returns, while staying flexible with respect to supply and demand fundamentals of both oil and natural gas. Our disciplined approach to premium oil investment, commitment to organic exploration, and strategic infrastructure investments drive our low breakevens and through-cycle value creation. And you can see this discipline delivering consistent results across our three-year scenario. Our confidence in EOG's ability to compete across sectors, create value for our shareholders and be a part of the long-term energy solution has never been higher. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Leo Mariani of ROTH MKM. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hi, guys. I wanted to just address the U.S. gas production guidance for 2024. It seems like it's a pretty wide range this year versus the oil number, which is quite a bit tighter. I just wanted to get a sense if there's kind of a concerted effort on EOG's behalf to perhaps alter some of the timing of turn in lines during the course of the year to maybe try to avoid some of these weak months here for gas prices and potentially try to bring volumes on closer to next winter. And just any thoughts on your macro for gas in terms of kind of tying it in terms of how you see gas prices play out here.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo. This is Ezra. Thanks for the question. Yeah. What I would say is you can expect out of Dorado similar treatment to what we did last year. I mean, to start with, we already reduced our activity level at Dorado by reducing the rig activity. And then we'll be flexible just like we were last year with completions and when we're bringing those wells on throughout the year with respect to the natural gas market. I think when you're talking about the gas growth and the gas guide for the company in general, you bring up a good point. When we look at U.S. gas growth from Q4 exit rates to the 2024 midpoint guide, you're really seeing about 80 million a day in the domestic gas growth. And then what's a little bit unique to this year is the amount of gas growth we're actually seeing out of Trinidad. That's actually contributing a significant amount of gas growth at the company level from the Q4 exit rates to the midpoint 2024 guide for Trinidad. You're seeing about a 50 million a day growth rate there. So a little bit unique. And as you guys know, we've got a consistent program down in Trinidad. We've been in the middle of a drilling campaign for this year, and we're also still under construction on a platform that we plan on placing at the end of this year.  And the unique thing about Trinidad, of course, is that their current supply and demand fundamentals on gas are, quite frankly, almost opposite of what we're seeing domestically here in the U.S. That's a country which, up until the last decade, used to have a very robust supply of natural gas. And in the last decade or so, that's been decreasing. So they find themselves really undersupplied on the natural gas side for their domestic needs. And, of course, we sell all of our gas currently into the domestic market at pricing that's slightly advantaged and makes those projects down there very competitive with the rest of our domestic portfolio. Outside of that, the U.S. gas growth is really -- the majority of that 80 million a day is really associated gas that's coming off of our liquids rich and oil plays.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just jump in gears over to the PRB. Obviously, that's an important play that you guys have emphasized over the last couple years. I do see that there is some additional Utica activity this year, but it looks like you're pulling back a little bit in the PRB, which maybe was a little bit kind of surprising to me. I think you've got 10 fewer wells in terms of completions this year versus last. I assume that you're still trying to progress the science and the learnings on the play. So maybe you can just add a little color as to why some of the months pull back here in '24.
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yeah, Leo. This is Jeff. And yeah, great point. So, we had a lot of great success as we talked about in our opening comments with our Mowry program there. We're seeing increases in overall productivity in that target by about 10% year-over-year, both on oil and BOE. And really what it has to do with is just us getting the package development on our corridor and really understanding how to offset those parent packages with additional activity. So with that, though, we've also been able to really accumulate data with drilling all those Mowry wells up through that overlying Niobrara. So we're going to shift gears here a little bit there since we've been able to refine our geologic models. And we're going to go ahead and start testing some of the package development in that shallower Niobrara formation right along our primary infrastructure corridor. So really when you look at our program, it's just a slight step back on the Mowry and a little bit more focused now to kind of really figure out the geologic models in the Niobrara and get some package production performance on. So activity will be equally split really kind of between the Mowry and the Niobrara formations. So it's very similar to what we did in the Delaware Basin. Really we developed from the bottom up and it's a similar codevelopment strategy really just to maximize the value of the asset.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Morning. Thanks for the time guys. My first question is on the Utica oil play. I'm just wondering, are you continuing to add acreage? It sounds like maybe you've recently added some and then secondly on that play, how far west in that black oil window do you all have confidence these days?
Lloyd Helms: Yeah, Neal. This is Billy Helms. We have continued to look for opportunities to pick up acreage where we see it. Just a reminder overall our acreage acquisition cost is probably around $600 an acre. So very low cost of entry, especially when you consider it compared to a lot of other opportunities to deploy capital. So we're very pleased with our organic approach there and we'll continue that trend and try to pick up acreage that's accretive to our position. And then as far as how far west are we confident? We're continuing to test out the play. Just a reminder, if you look on the slide in our investor deck, I think slide 17, it illustrates how that play extends 140 miles north to south. So far we've got a handful of wells where we have production data on. We'll grow that this year to about add another 20-plus or minus wells. So we're very pleased with the activity we've seen, the results we've seen. We still have a lot of testing to do across that 140 mile span. We are seeing some data that tells us we can go a little bit further west, but we have yet to prove that out. So we'll give you those results as we start seeing the performance of some wells in the future. But we're still remain extremely excited about the potential of that play.
Neal Dingmann: Yeah, I look forward to what you all got going there. And then secondly, just on OFS materials, specifically, in the past you guys have done a great job using that strong balance sheet to optimize the stockpile of pipe and other materials. And I'm just wondering, can you speak to if you're currently building any inventory levels or if you believe future prices could fall? So you're just -- I guess, running more in real time.
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yeah, Neal. This is Jeff. So yeah, we always tend to carry somewhere between a six-month to a 12-year inventory. And it really does give us an advantage to kind of strike on opportunistic purchases. And I think that's one of the things, if you look at this year, really the primary drivers that we're seeing, as far as deflation is really going to be those tubular costs, which we're expecting to be down kind of 10% to 15%. That's really a credit to our procurement team to be able to really find really opportunistic times to be able to buy the pipe and go ahead and add that to our inventory. So we're able to see that price drop throughout this year. And then the other thing I'd say is really the other drop we're seeing is in ancillary services really supporting kind of drilling and completions. We see kind of a 10% to 15% drop in those support services such as coal tubing, wire line, cement and other such. So seeing some movement there on the deflationary front. We think from an overall tubular standpoint, we're in great position for 2024.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Hope everyone's doing well after a busy earnings season. Ezra, I always appreciate, we always appreciate the free cash flow visibility that you guys try and give us after last quarter in particular. I'm looking at slide five, however, and you've got about 7% growth this year. Presumably there is growth in future years through that '26 plan. My question is, if I look at the cumulative free cash flow and just do the simple math, it looks like the free cash flow is flatlining over that period despite the growth. So I wonder if you could give us some color on the CapEx that goes along with that. And how at the end of the period your sustaining capital would reset given the larger volume you would have at that time.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Doug, thanks for the question. This is Ezra. Yeah. The cumulative free cash flow over the three-year period in the three-year scenario here that you highlighted on slide five, it's roughly 10% higher than the previous three years here that we have. So you see expanding margins in that three-year scenario. And unfortunately what we haven't given you is some of those specific details that you're really getting into. What we have talked about, and we talked about this in November, and then you and I talked about it again in your conference there in November, is our maintenance capital number currently is midpoint of 4.5 under a variety of different scenarios for a multi-basin organic growth company like ourselves, that maintenance capital will kind of range from 4.2 to 4.8. And that depends on, again, are we trying to keep oil flat, equivalents flat. Are we really just focused on maintaining production? Or are we actually investing in additional exploration and infrastructure and things of that nature? When you look and roll that into the three-year scenario, since we are growing volumes, you're right, that maintenance capital should be trending up a little bit. That's also going to be offset in the real world by some of the deflationary factors that we have moving towards us throughout this three-year plan. What I would say is that we don't see that the free cash flow is flatlining. In fact, what we see is a 6% cash flow and free cash flow per share compound annual growth rate across that three-year scenario.
Doug Leggate: That's helpful. We'll take another look at it in the buybacks. We'll certainly help that, I hope. My follow-up is a little bit random, perhaps. But clearly it seems with the Utica and Dorado, you can't kind of help yourself, but grow gas with one rig in the Dorado, given how strong the volumes are, obviously. But it seems that the mix is kind of shifting a little bit over time. I think we also talked about that in November. My question is, what can we expect from the next steps of the organic strategy from EOG? If I could be a little specific, there's a fair amount of speculation that you guys are looking hard again at Canada and the -- should we think that organic growth could move in that direction? I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Doug, to quote you, that is a bit of a random question. We're always organically exploring for things. With regards to the Canadian assets, we were up there a number of years ago and we strategically exited that asset. At the real heart of your question, the way to think about the strategy for us is we've captured a tremendous resource down here in South Texas in the Dorado natural gas play. What we're building is a low-cost gas business that really sits alongside our core oil investment. And so when we think about capital allocation, it's not necessarily allocating more capital to gas rather than oil. It's really looking at these assets in place independently and what's the best thing for the company to continue to drive down our breakevens, continue to build value for the shareholders. With regards to the Utica and some of the other emerging assets, in a lot of ways our premium and double premium return threshold makes us a little bit ambivalent or agnostic to the actual hydrocarbon type that we're producing because again, these things are really a return-based question. When you layer in the macro environment, we do need to have consideration on that. Going forward with the gas market, this year definitely does look a little bit soft. We touched on that just a little with Leo's question at the top of the Q&A. But we still do remain constructive on the U.S. domestic gas market, say, 12 months and further out from here as the LNG demand continues to come on. And with some of the announcements we've made today, you can see that we plan on being a part of that solution going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold of RBC. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Hey, Ezra, EOG shares have laid some of its peers on both multiple bases and just in aggregate performance here. I can remember in the past when you all had commanded a pretty good multiple premium to everyone else. I'm just curious, you've shown the willingness and appetite to step in to buyback strategically over the last year. As you look at 2024 where your stock's trading right now and in your strong balance sheet, is there a willingness to get more aggressive and use some of that balance sheet strength to underpin the intrinsic value seen in EOG?
Ezra Yacob: Scott, that's a good question. I think when we think about buybacks, again, we think about what's the best way to create long-term shareholder value. That's it. You're right. We've seen our multiple compressed. We've seen really multiples compressed across all of industry. I think you don't have to look any further than the weighting of energy in the S&P 500 at approximately 5%, maybe a little bit under that, with close to 10% on forecasted earnings. So I do think we sit currently in what we'd say is a dislocated environment. And from that regard, I think as we move forward and generate a significant amount of free cash flow this year with our minimum commitment to shareholders to return 70% of that free cash flow to our shareholders, you could anticipate that being more in the form of buybacks right now. Now, when we look back at what we have done historically on buybacks, in 2023, we were very active in the first half of the year, during some real dramatic dislocations, I would say, regional banking crisis and the debt ceiling conversations and things like that. Now, we did, as an example, take a step back on buybacks in Q3 as oil price rose from $69 to $93 throughout that quarter. And obviously, there was some share price appreciation as well. And then in the fourth quarter with volatility entering the sector, again, the continued multiple compression across industry and across EOG, we obviously stepped back into it. When we think about it, we think about the strength of the company as we continue to improve. I think you can see with our three-year scenario, we continue to expand the free cash flow potential of the company. We continue to do that while generating high returns. I think really -- like I said, currently, we would consider ourselves in a dislocated environment.
Scott Hanold: Okay. I appreciate the color. And then if I can pivot to the three-year outlook and kind of parlay the premium activity into that. You all provided that chart on the Permian where you show the mix of wells and an increasing overall cumulative production, but just a touch lower on oil. I know you guys do a lot of codevelopment, but can you talk about the trend investors should expect on how that mix shifts going forward and within that three-year outlook? A - Jeffrey Leitzell Yeah, Scott. This is Jeff and thanks for the question. Yeah. We are going to be completing a few more Wolfcamp M wells in our 2025 program, but it's just part of our plan and our normal cadence of development as we move section to section and we move up in section and develop each one of the intervals. The one thing about the M is you need to identify whether or not it has a good barrier between it and the upper Wolfcamp. If there is, you can go ahead and develop that target independently, but in many of our areas that we are going to be developing the Wolfcamp this year, it's really optimal to codevelop those two targets together. And this is just strategic really to minimize any kind of depletion in these sections and maximize the value of each one of those targets. As a reminder, the Wolfcamp M does have more associated gas, but it's also a very, very prolific oil producer. It's got premium returns and the wells pay out in about eight months. So our goal in the Permian or any kind of stacked pay basins is always going to be to continue to execute a codevelopment strategy and really just focus on maximizing returns and NPV. And I'm sorry, I think I said 2025, I meant 2024 program.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Thanks, Ezra and team. First question on just going back to the macro, I think we've been surprised by the supply of natural gas from the U.S. over the course of the last six months. And one of the areas has been associated Permian supply. And so, Ezra, I love your perspective on how you see that evolving, especially as some of the wells mature, but maybe as U.S. production declines on the other side of it. And how that all ties into the way you're thinking about mid-cycle views on gas?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. That's a good point. I think you will continue to see -- so far our models is here for U.S. growth might start there since we're going to be talking about associated gas is really where your question is. It's roughly around a 500,000 barrel total liquids. So roughly say 300,000 barrels more along the crude oil. And obviously, the significant amount of that is going to be coming out of the Permian, which in general, that basin is a little bit higher GOR than some of the historical plays like the Eagle Ford and the Bakken that we've had. And I think you'll continue to see -- our model would suggest you'll continue to see an increase in the associated gas and more than likely a bit more of a differential struggles there with Waha. We take that into consideration when we're thinking about the development of Dorado. Like I said, you can't forecast a supply and demand or forecast future gas, mid-cycle gas prices without having a recognition of what's happening on the oil side. It's one of the things that makes forecasting gas so difficult. So the ultimate thing, the way that we manage our business and we're trying to grow this gas asset in concert with our oil plays is to really think about being the absolute low-cost producer. And that's one reason you haven't seen us ramp up aggressively in the Dorado asset. It's one reason you've seen us last year and this year moderate activity, because we've captured a significant resource. We think geographically it's located a place that gives us significant advantage. We've invested in some additional infrastructure, including the Dorado pipeline that's named Verde, that's going to give us a margin expansion over the life of that asset. And that's really the way that we're focusing on developing a pure gas asset is really in concert with the growing future North American demand, which is dominantly driven from the LNG there along the Gulf Coast.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Ezra. The follow-up is you have a different strategy than many of your peers. We've seen so much consolidation in the conventional space in the last year, and you've got a much more organic approach. And I guess I wanted to give you an opportunity to talk to the investor base about why you think that is the right strategy and what are the pluses and minuses that come with that strategy.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Well, as we've talked about before, we're focused on creating shareholder value through the cycles. And the consistent way that we've been able to generate that value is through organic exploration, a focus on low-cost operations and a commitment to capital discipline. We have a high level of confidence in our existing portfolio, and it's aimed at improving the financial performance of the company. And again, I think you can see that with expanded margins and expanded free cash flow in that three-year scenario we provided. It's underpinned with a 10 billion barrel of equivalent premium resource. And we have meaningful upside with that resource, not only through future conversions, future exploration, but also just through the Utica resource that we've already captured and we've begun discussing. When you think about our organic exploration effort, our first mover advantage on the three emerging assets, the Dorado North Powder -- I'm sorry, Powder River Basin and the Utica, those three individual assets have the ability to represent, the equivalence of a smaller midsize E&P company, quite frankly. Dorado with 160,000 acres and approximately 20 TCF captured, the Powder River Basin with multiple targets across 380,000 acres, and the Utica asset with over 400,000 acres. So we continue to focus on improving the inventory, not just expanding it. Unproven resources, we do think trade at a wider discount these days than what proven resources do. And so we're focused on continuing to prove up and drive down the cost of these assets and bring them forward to create that value for our shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from Brad Brackett of Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Brad Brackett: Good morning. And thinking about the Utica, I look at the 90-day cubes. You can put a reasonable price against those volumes and compare it to a reasonable well cost, and it looks quite impressive. And maybe in the old era, that would lead to a flag dropping and a huge ramp in activity in volumes. Is there something that's governing the pace at which you develop the Utica? And maybe it's corporate strategy, or maybe it's gas takeaway, or maybe it's just getting costs of wells down. And will we ever see the sort of off to the races ramp that we saw in the old days in emerging shale plays?
Lloyd Helms: Yeah, Bob. This is Billy. Yeah, thanks for the recognition there for the Utica. We're very excited about that play, and the performance of the wells that we've tested across the play seem to continue to meet or beat our type curve. So we're very pleased with that. We haven't given you a lot of details on the cost yet, but we continue to drive down our cost through increased efficiency gains. And early in any play, you do a lot of testing and a lot of science gathering data. And we expect to see that cost come down. And we haven't really given you a lot of color yet on the EUR of those wells yet either, because we don't have but just a handful of wells with limited production data. And we want to gather more time before we can give you some answers. But I guess from all that, we still feel very confident that our previous estimates of being in that $5 finding cost range look very strong. And we're still committed to that. And on top of that, as far as the ramp up and how we expect to see that continuing, as we gather more data, we get more confidence and we can be more diligent about how we want to choose to ramp to make the most cost-efficient way we can develop that asset. So we simply don't need to ramp up any single asset very aggressively. And that's why you don't see us -- I mean, that's the advantage of being in a multi-basin portfolio is you're not required to grow or meet certain targets out of one asset. We have the flexibility that provides us to grow gradually in pace with our learnings so we don't outrun our learning curve. And we can be the most efficient operator in any of those basins.
Brad Brackett: And maybe there's never a huge incentive from your shareholder base that goes and tells you, hey, go build some gas pipe take-away, ramp this thing to 100,000 barrels a day. So we might never see sort of those huge levels of growth from the previous era.
Lloyd Helms: Yeah. I think you wouldn't see the same levels of growth you saw in the past. I think our strategy would be to grow at a pace that's commensurate with our understanding of the resource, how to best develop it over the long term for our shareholders, and bring that value forward the best. We don't want to destroy value either by running too fast. So that's the balance here is we want to develop at a pace that is commensurate with our understanding of each asset.
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Reed of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Roger Reed: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I'd like to come back a little bit more on the well efficiencies, kind of the well costs as you look at '24 versus '23,the longer lateral links. Just where should we think about that occurring? You just mentioned multi-basin, right? So is the lateral improvement or increase coming mostly out of the Delaware? Is it spread across all the operations? And what are, either opportunities or limitations on further expansion of the lateral links?
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yeah, Roger, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. So the lateral links have been a pretty big driver in our efficiency gains. We've had an opportunity to test longer laterals over the last few years pretty much throughout our multi-basin portfolio, and all of them with good success. So based on -- basically drilling longer where it's applicable based on our acreage footprint. And that's one of the limiting factors that we run into. In San Antonio, we've talked about, the years, our 15 years of drilling there, we've moved from the east, which has a little bit more robust geology out to the west, which has a little lesser geology. But we've been able to really optimize the economics there by utilizing longer laterals and really pushing our completion techniques to improve operational and capital efficiencies. And we're continuing to do that this year. So we're seeing some extension there in the Eagle Ford. In the Utica, we've talked about, we've been doing delineation up and down the 140-mile oily fairway there. And now we're starting to move into spacing packages and then just package development. So the majority of those wells are going to be three miles moving forward. So that's an increase in the overall lateral length of the company there. And then in Midland, we've been testing three-mile laterals for the last couple of years, but not really in high volume. Last year we drilled about four or five of them. And we've seen really good success. And we've been able to find the correct blocks and places that works with our acreage. We're going to increase that to about over 53-mile laterals there in Midland. So when you kind of roll it all up across the company, the overall lateral length will be up about 10% versus 2023 program. And we talked about, with those efficiency gains from the lateral length and just what we're seeing from some of the stuff Billy talked on the drilling and completion side, we're going to require that four less rigs and two less frac fleets and then also four less net wells. But all while doing that, we're still going to be completing a similar amount of total lateral length as we did with our 2023 program. So the way I'd look at it is we're just riding a lot of momentum with our efficiencies and our lateral lengths coming out of 2023. We'll just continue to look to build on that in 2024.
Roger Reed: Thanks. There was a lot in that question, so I'll turn it back there.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning, all. Just a follow-up question on the marketing side. In the Permian specifically, you highlight the ability to build out the gas processing plant, which lowers your cost structure. I was curious how you see the fairway for long-haul gas takeaway out of the Permian over the next few years. I know Matterhorn will start to clear the basin towards the end of 2024, but it does feel like it remains pretty tight in 2025 and 2026 plus. So just curious what role EOG might play in long-haul takeaway out of the Permian as it relates to potentially taking on some incremental capacity to make sure that gas is able to flow.
Lance Terveen: Yeah, Matthew, good morning. This is Lance. Maybe I'll start. When you think about just kind of the macro, you're right. You have Matterhorn that's coming on, and you've had other pipes that have been expanded with like horsepower, right? So we kind of see going in -- you're going to see the basis going to continue to kind of be wide moving this year and probably potentially into next year. But what I would want to really highlight is just we've continued to be a leader as we think about like our transportation portfolio. And we have been a part of many of those pipes. So we were actually very early on pushing on those pipes to make sure that we have a pretty significant transportation portfolio for not only the gas, but then also the crude oil. But from a natural gas standpoint and then the long-haul pipes from an EOG standpoint, we're very well positioned with over a BCF a day of residue takeaway that hits into what we think are some great markets along the Gulf Coast.
Matthew Portillo: Great. And then maybe as a follow-up question. I just wanted to come back to the Powder, highlighting obviously the opportunity set to delineate the Niobrara, which I think carries an oilier horizon to it. I'm just curious, the learnings you've had so far in terms of the drilling environment. I know trying to drive down the well cost has been a big part of improving the economics as well as the productivity uplift you all talked about. And is this just a pause in the overall program? Or should we be thinking about this as potentially a pull of capital permanently towards the Utica going forward?
Jeffrey Leitzell: Yeah, Matt. This is Jeff. No, I wouldn't look at it as a pause necessarily in the program. I think it's just a shift. We've gathered really good data. We've had great results in that Mowry target. We've had great efficiency gains and cost improvement. And our plan always was once we were able to gather some really robust data sets on the overlying to go ahead and step into the Niobrara a little bit, which, with that we'll back off with our packages in the Mowry to do so. So, Niobrara as far as from -- in the Mowry from a drilling aspect, they're a little bit different. The Niobrara is going to be a little bit easier drilling, I would say, compared to the Mowry because the Mowry is deeper. And then also in there you have some [indiscernible] you can get caught into and have some issues. The Niobrara, on the other hand is -- there's clinaforms [ph] and really we've mapped those clinaforms out well to find out what the better producers are. So we really want to be strategic as we mark across our acreage to make sure we're staying in those right clinaforms. And I think that really has to do with the discipline pace that we're looking at there in the Powder.
Operator: The next question comes from John Freeman of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
John Freeman: Thanks a lot. Just a follow up on what Scott asked earlier regarding sort of the development in the Delaware Basin. And it's obviously clear you all are taking a long-term strategy the way that that's developed with the codevelopment strategy with multiple targets as opposed to just sort of cherry picking, just drilling the oiliest zones because gas is weaker. It does look like those targeted intervals, Wolfcamp oil and the combo, it has moved around a lot kind of each year, not to get too far ahead, but since you did give the three-year outlook. Would it be safe to assume that if you were thinking out '25, that that sort of shifts a little bit back more towards the oilier zone, just as a nature of the way that you're codeveloping the package?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. John, great question. And yeah, you pretty much hit it on the head. It really just flexes as we move kind of across our acreage into different sections and as the geology changes. So you will see that. If you look at the last four years, you really do see that flex back and forth because we're moving section to section and with our codevelopment strategies strategically codeveloping up from the bottom up to the top of it. So yeah, it will flex kind of through the next handful of years that you see in that three-year scenario.
John Freeman: Great. And then just my follow-up, when we look at the infrastructure projects, obviously this year they stepped up with what you're doing at Dorado and Delaware. When we think about something like the Utica combo, is it going to continue to get more and more scale and grow? Should we assume that that kind of infrastructure bucket within the total CapEx, that sort of stays at kind of the level it was this year as a percentage of the budget? Does that potentially go higher when you're looking at kind of that three-year outlook and having these kind of emerging plays like you do?
Lloyd Helms: Yeah, John. This is Billy. Let me answer that in a couple of different ways. The infrastructure span, just to address that real up front here. Those are discrete projects that offer long-term support to plays that are going to be developed over multiple decades. So that's a very specific direction for those infrastructure projects that continue to lower our cost in the plays for the company going forward and expand margins for a long, long period of time. For the Utica, there is adequate processing capacity up there, so we're not seeing those kind of projects as an opportunity for the company. I think we're going to be looking at largely gathering process or gathering lines in that area as we develop each play out. Typical of any other normal play, we don't see the need at this point to develop out the large strategic infrastructure in that area. And so I would expect to see over time the infrastructure will stay in that 15% to 20% of our normal capital budget going forward when you take out these two discrete projects.
Operator: The next question comes from Arun Jayaram of JP Morgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. My first question is regarding your marketing agreement with Chenier to sell some volumes on a JKM link basis tied to Corpus Christi Stage 3. A question for you is on their conference call, they mentioned that the project is undergoing perhaps an accelerated timeline with first LNG possible by the end of this year and for some meaningful full production at this project in 2025. So I was wondering if you could give us some thoughts -- would the marketing agreement kick in earlier coincident with an earlier receipt of first gas?
Lance Terveen: Arun, this is Lance. I'm not going to comment on the confidential nature of the agreement, but what I can tell you is we're very excited and we've heard the same comments in terms of effectively probably taking a little bit of feed gas to start some of their operations. And what I want to really point you to is we saw that early, right? I mean, getting that agreement put in place. But I'd say more importantly, right, as you heard Ezra talk about and Billy too on the strategic infrastructure, having that pipeline connectivity, we're going to have a direct connection to Chenier and to that facility. So we're actually very excited and want to be very helpful from that startup of that facility just because that's a major increase of demand that we're going to see that's going to help here within the U.S. as we think about LNG demand. So I really want to point more to that than just we're positioned is what I'll tell you, Arun, we're very well positioned that we can meet that. And so if there's an early startup, great. If not, we're going to be positioned there with our pipeline at the second half of this year to be able to commence deliveries.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Just to clarify, it sounds like if first gas is earlier, you would be able to market your volumes earlier. Is that fair, Lance?
Lance Terveen: We would be able to sell into our agreement. That's right.
Arun Jayaram: Okay, great. My follow-up is several or a few of your E&P peers have claimed an R&D tax credit, maybe associated with exploration-type activities. I was wondering, just given EOG's historically spent money on exploration, do you qualify for that tax credit? And just give us some thoughts on what it takes and maybe the magnitude if you do qualify.
Ann Janssen: We took it -- this is Ann. We took an R&D credit several years ago. Can't remember the year off the top of my head. But we're not planning on taking anything going forward. We don't have the opportunity to take anything forward. And we went and researched again back several years ago on the R&D and took what was available to us.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Yacob for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Ezra Yacob: Thank you. We appreciate everyone's time today. And we want to thank our shareholders for their support, and special thanks to our employees for delivering another exceptional quarter.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those and our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release, and EOG's SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures, definitions and reconciliations for these non-GAAP measures can be found on the EOG's website. In addition, some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves, and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SECs reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Leitzel, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing; and Piers Hammond, VP Investor Relations. Here's Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Over the past five years, EOG has increased production 33%, decrease per unit operating costs 17% generated over $20 billion of free cash flow and over $20 billion in net income. We've increased our regular dividend rate nearly 350% and including both regular and special dividends paid and committed to have returned about $13 billion directly to shareholders, all while reducing total debt by more than 40%. At the core of our historical and future success of EOG's employees who embrace and embody the EOG culture. And our third quarter results continue to reflect our employees outstanding execution, strong performance and our foundational Delaware basin and Eagle Ford assets, as well as continued progress across our emerging plays have delivered production volumes, capital expenditures, and per unit operating costs better than expectations, and enabled us to raise our full year oil production guidance and reduce our full year cash operating costs guidance. In addition to announcing third quarter results yesterday, we demonstrated our confidence in the outlook for our business by increasing the regular dividend 10%, announcing a $1.50 per share special dividend and raising our cash return commitment to shareholders beginning in 2024, to a minimum of 70% of annual free cash flow. Our annualized regular dividend is now $3.64 per share, which represents the highest regular dividend yield amongst our peers and is competitive with the broader market. This dividend increase reflects two things. First, the progress we continue to make on our cost structure by leveraging technology and innovation sustainably improves EOGs capital efficiency. Furthermore, we expect the advantages of operating in multiple basins will drive additional improvements to EOGs cost structure and returns and reduce the break-even oil price to fund the dividend in the years ahead. Today we estimate that we can maintain our current level of production and fund the $2.1 billion regular dividend commitment at an oil price as low as $45 WTI. Second, this dividend increase reflects our confidence in EOGs expanding portfolio of premium plays to grow the company's future income and future free cash flow. This quarter we've highlighted recent well performance results in the newest addition to our premium portfolio of assets, the Utica combo play. Over the last several years, our success in organic exploration continues to add low-cost reserves and consistently drive down our DD&A rate enabling EOG to create value through industry cycles. Beyond our regular dividend, which we've never cut or suspended, we raised our cash return commitment to shareholders to a minimum of 70% of annual free cash flow beginning in 2024. Alongside our portfolio of premium assets, and our cash flow margins EOGs balance sheet continues to strengthen allowing us to supplement the dividend with a larger commitment of future free cash flow through special dividends and share repurchases. In addition to the $1.50 per share special dividend declared yesterday, we executed additional opportunistic share repurchases for the third consecutive quarter. For 2023, we estimate our committed cash return will be about 75% of free cash flow. EOG continues to consistently execute lower our cost structure through innovation efficiencies, and organically grow the quality of our portfolio to improve capital efficiency and free cash flow potential. Our transparent cash return strategy is anchored to a sustainable growing regular dividend and backstopped by an impeccable balance sheet. EOG is in a better position than ever to deliver value for our shareholders through industry cycles and play a leading role in the long-term future of energy. Here's Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. EOG delivered superb operating and financial performance in the third quarter. Oil production increased 4% year over year, while total production was up 9% year-over-year per unit cash operating costs declined by 5% from the prior year period. The DD&A rate fell by 9% year-over-year driven by the addition of reserves at lower finding costs compared to our production base. Capital Expenditures came in at $1.52 billion, $140 million below our target, mostly due to the timing of non-well related expenditures, such as infrastructure projects. Year-to-date, CapEx of $4.5 billion is 75% of the full year guidance. We earned adjusted net income of $3.44 per share in the third quarter, and generated free cash flow of $1.5 billion. We announced a $1.50 per share special dividend and during the third quarter we spent $61 million on share repurchases, bringing total 2023 share repurchases through the third quarter to $671 million, at an average price of $108 per share. In total, we're on track to return $4.1 billion of cash to shareholders this year, in the form of regular dividends, special dividends and repurchases. This equates to about 75% of our estimated 2023 free cash flow higher than our 2023 minimum commitment of 60% of annual free cash flow return to shareholders. Overall, it was a strong quarter driven by solid operational execution and improving capital efficiency. Here's Billy to review operations.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. EOGs operational performance continues to improve and this quarter is another example. We exceeded our third quarter forecast across the board on volumes per unit operating cost and CapEx. Thanks goes to our employees for consistently delivering the EOG value proposition quarter-after-quarter. Third quarter volumes exceeded guidance largely due to accelerated timing of activity within the quarter driven primarily by improved efficiencies, as well as some benefits from better well productivity. Efficiencies in our completion efforts have reduced the time to bring wells to sales. For example, in our Eagle Ford play, the completed lateral fleet per day has increased 19% year-over-year. The team has also reduced non-productive time by 31%, which is the added benefit of lowering total well cost. In addition, our new completion design continues to drive performance improvements in the Delaware basin, with targeted laterals realizing a 20% increase in productivity. Well productivity improvements is the primary reason we were able to increase the full year oil guidance by 1500 barrels of oil per day. Last quarter, we reduced our full year guidance for total unit cash operating cost, mostly due to lower release operating expense and reduced transportation cost. Our third quarter performance continued that trend. Our production teams are optimizing both production and cost through our many technology applications that allow for real-time decisions to maximize production and reduce interruptions of third-party downtime. These cross functional efforts by our production, marketing and information systems teams continue to pay dividends. Once again, we are lowering our guidance for full year cash operating costs by approximately 2% this quarter, bringing our total reduction since the start of the year to 3% or nearly $0.30 per BOE. Capital Expenditures in the third quarter were lower than expected due to timing of infrastructure projects, as well as variances in activity across our multi-basin portfolio. We expect to maintain our current levels of activity for the remainder of the year, and our full year capital guidance is unchanged. For 2024, we are currently evaluating this year's results as we develop our plans for each of our plays. As a reminder, we invest to generate returns and growth is a byproduct of the investments in our highly economic multi-basin portfolio. We are very pleased that the levels of activity across our portfolio are at a pace that allows for continuous learning and improvements, and thus we'd expect to maintain similar levels of activity through 2024. With the strong results we're achieving in our emerging plays, we anticipate a few additional wills in both the Utica and Dorado. As we typically do each year, we will remain focused on managing costs through the cycle by contracting for about 50% of services and leveraging our scale and consistent activity levels to build and maintain strong partnerships with service providers. As a result, we're able to take a longer-term view to sustainably lower well cost over time. This year is shaping up to be another solid year performance for EOG. And I remain excited about the opportunities we see through the remainder of the year and into 2024. Now here's Jeff to talk about the updates on the Utica play.
Jeff Leitzell: Thanks, Billy. In addition to sharing new well results, I'd like to review a few unique characteristics of our Utica asset to provide distinct advantages including our low cost of entry, our mineral rights position, held by production status, geologic operating environment, and downstream infrastructure status. This year we added 25,000 net acres and have now accumulated 430,000 net acres predominantly in the volatile oil window across 140-mile trend running north to south. Our leasehold cost of entry remains less than 600 per net acre. We've also acquired 100% of the mineral rights across 135,000 acres of our leasehold. Mineral rights significantly enhance the value of this play by adding 25% to our production and reserve streams for no additional well cost or operating expense. Furthermore, over 90% of the Utica acreage is held by production and requires only a handful of wells to be drilled every year to maintain. The result is more control over our development to allow us to invest in an appropriate pace to capture and incorporate technical learnings and continually improve the play. Another unique advantage of the Utica is its geologic operating environment. Due to the place favorable geologic properties, the opportunity to drive down cost through efficiencies is significant. The target zone is both shallow and consistent, which lends itself easily to drilling 3-mile laterals, and we anticipate testing even longer laterals as we continue to delineate and collect more data. Consistent geology also allows for precise targeting of the very best most productive rock. We're able to regularly drill 99 plus percent in zone within a narrow 10-foot window. As a result, this play provides an excellent geologic environment for significant efficiency improvements and low-cost operations. On Slide 11 of this quarter's investor presentation, we highlighted our strong and consistent well result to span our acreage position from the north and to the south. Our initial 4-well Timberwolf package was drilled at 1000-foot spacing and has been performing well above type curve. These 3-mile laterals each deliver an initial 30-day production averaging 2150 barrels of oil equivalent and an 85% liquid cut. With a large amount of liquids in the product mix all of the wells we have drilled today support double premium potential across our acreage position. The Utica also has the advantage of abundant midstream infrastructure, the existing processing fractionation and residue build out eliminates the need for significant new build commitments, which was a well-recognized advantage when we evaluated the play. In the north, we have placed into service, a pipeline that runs east of our acreage into the market center. In the south, we have an established reliable third-party building out a new pipeline that is expected to be in service late this year. With these trunk lines in place investment will be limited to in-field gathering as we prepare for a modest increase in activity next year. Our current plans for 2024 are to run approximately one full drilling rig that will continue to test optimal well spacing and improve operational efficiencies. Our Utica asset is another textbook example of our differentiated approach to build a diverse portfolio of premium assets predominantly through low-cost organic exploration, which adds reserves at lower finding and development costs and lowers the overall cost basis of the company. The end result is continuous improvement to EOGs company-wide capital efficiency. Our track record of successful exploration and strong operational execution has positioned the company to create shareholder value through the industry cycles. Here's Lance with a marketing update.
Lance Terveen: Thanks Jeff. In our South Texas Dorado play, we recently completed two projects to service future gas flows from this premium, dry natural gas play and natural gas treatment facility and the first phase of a 36-inch pipeline. The facility was recently placed in the service to treat gas from the Dorado play prior to transportation through our 36-inch natural gas pipeline to sales near [indiscernible], Texas. Both projects were delivered on time and under budget, a testament to our operational team and foresight to procure a pipe counter-cyclically, along with other long lead time materials. The second phase of the natural gas pipeline will kick off construction in early 2024 and is expected to be complete late next year. Phase 2 of the pipeline will terminate in the Agua Dulce, which provides access to three other pipelines with connectivity to the growing demand along the Gulf Coast and Mexico, and potential premium pricing relative to Henry Hub. Our pipeline will be instrumental in expanding our gas sales options for the 21 TCF of net resource potential we've captured in Dorado, and perhaps more importantly, save $0.20 to $0.30 per MCF in transportation costs over the life of the asset versus third-party alternatives. Now here's is Ezra to wrap up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Lance. EOG continues to deliver on our value proposition and our approach remains differentiated for several reasons. First, our premium return standard investments are governed by one of the highest hurdle rates in the industry 30% direct after-tax rate of return using $40 oil, and $2.50 natural gas pricing. Second is organic exploration, by prioritizing organic exploration we add inventory and reserves at lower finding and development costs. Third, our assets are unique. By remaining focused on the first two returns and organic exploration, we have built one of the largest highest return lowest cost and most diverse portfolios of assets in the business. We operate in 16 plays across nine basins and have a mass resources of 10 billion barrels of equivalents with an average finding and development cost of just $5 per barrel. At our current production level, that's equivalent to about 30 years of low cost, high margin inventory, and our assets continue to grow. Fourth is technology. We have never considered as a manufacturing process. We leverage both infield technology and information technology to improve well productivity and efficiencies. Our goal is to lower costs and expand our margins to constantly improve our existing assets and new discoveries. Thanks for listening. Now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Good morning. Congrats on the strong quarter. Ezra, I think it was pretty notable, the way you all took a step up in your fixed dividend payments. I mean, you've got a history of doing that, but it was a good step up this quarter, in addition to boosting the shareholder return program to 70%. So, can you talk about some of the more significant factors like, why make those pretty pronounced moves now? Is there something in the business model, you guys get more confidence at this point to make those moves?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott, thanks for the question. The decision to raise minimum cash return to 70%. Overall, it just demonstrates our commitment our shareholders. It reflects our continual improvements since the initial commitment was made nearly two years ago. And really to your question on the business model change, it's really just our ability to deliver that shareholder value. It's grounded in the fact that our strong cash return generation capacity continues to improve the strength of our industry leading balance sheet continues to improve and our commitment again to just being disciplined with our reinvestment across the entire portfolio. So we're in a position now where we feel very confident that and proud that we can increase that minimum commitment to 70%. And we look forward to being able to deliver that to the shareholders.
Scott Hanold: So when you look at those breakeven points to do that, sort of this base business, is that breakeven point then lowered from, say, where you were a year or 2 ago to where it is now?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. That's right, Scott. As we continue to invest in these higher-return, lower-cost reserves and bring them into the base business, we continue to do some strategic infrastructure spending to lower the overall cost of the company going forward. That continues to expand the free cash flow potential of the company. And that, in addition to strengthening the balance sheet, everyone knows we retired a $1.25 billion bond earlier this year, and we've been able to be not only net zero but actually put a little bit of cash on the balance sheet. All of those things are what gives us confidence in the base business going forward and the fact that we can continue to increase this minimum cash return to our shareholders from the 60% up to the 70%.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani of ROTH MKM. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: You guys spoke about sort of similar '24 activity versus 2023, but also kind of said that there might be a handful of more wells in the Utica, in the Dorado. So I just kind of wanted to get a sense there. I mean, do you see this as kind of a give-and-take proposition, where if you do a little bit more in some place, you might have kind of a few less wells and some other plays? And just trying to get a sense of how maybe costs are trending overall in wells today.
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo. This is Billy. Yes, as far as 2024, certainly, it's too early to get into many specifics about the plan. But I would say that our plan will be based on a couple of different factors. One would be the macro environment, kind of what that looks like going into next year. The other one is really governed by what's the optimum level of activity across each of our plays that supports the objective of having continuous improvement. And so on that, on our core plays say, our foundational plays, the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin, we're very pleased with the activity levels we currently have there. And we'd expect to maintain similar levels of activity in those plays. We see the advantage of that is we are seeing continued improvement in each one of those plays, as we've talked about already on this call, And then, for our emerging plays, the Utica and the Dorado, for instance, we're very pleased with the results we're seeing to date. And so as we move into next year, we certainly want to continue that learning, and you may see a few additional wells in those plays on top of what we've done this year. As far as the cost trends, that's one reason we like to maintain these levels of activity. It allows us to improve our cost basis, improve operationally on how we're executing these wells, and we're seeing the benefits of that play out. So I'll maybe leave it at that and see what your follow-up is.
Leo Mariani: Okay. No, that's helpful. So maybe just to kind of jump over to the Utica. Obviously, you brought a new package of wells online here. I know it's sort of early days, but when you look at these wells, do you tell yourself that you've already been able to see some improvement over the last year? Just trying to get a sense, are these wells a little better than they were, say, a year ago? And then on the cost side, in the Utica, are you starting to see maybe the cost come down a little bit here? Or maybe it's kind of early. I think you've had a target of sort of sub-$5 F&D, just not really sure kind of where you're at today.
Jeff Leitzell: Yes. Thanks, Leo. No, we're really excited about the latest package that we brought on. That's our Timberwolf package that we highlighted on Slide 11. It's in a 1,000-foot space test. And of note there, as we've talked about our new completion design down there in the Permian and the Wolfcamp, we were able to go ahead and implement that on that. And as you can see from the initial results that we talked about, the 30-day IPs on that or 2,150 BOE per day over that 30-day period. So really excited about how that's turning out from the spacing test. We have an additional package. We actually highlighted in our slide deck, Xavier. We're going to tighten the spacing on that to 800 foot, and we should have results coming on here fairly shortly. So we're very excited with the results. And with that application of new completion design, it's going to be tough to tell if that's really what the big mover is, but we're extremely excited about the results that we're seeing so far. And from a cost standpoint, we really haven't disclosed specific costs in the Utica. We're still in the early stages, as we talked about in learning in this play. We've got a lot of room for operational efficiency gains. We've got some infrastructure, small infrastructure to develop that we can install like water gathering, reuse and sand to drive down costs. And then as we said, with the well results we're seeing, we feel really confident in supporting that sub-$5 F&D cost.
Operator: The next question comes from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Ezra, I wanted to get your thoughts maybe at a high level in 2024. On the third quarter call of last year, you provided some soft [Technical Difficulty]. I was wondering if you could maybe give us some thoughts on overall, how you see the year kind of playing out. If I look at consensus forecast, it's for about $6.1 billion of CapEx with [Technical Difficulty]. So I want to get your thoughts if you could give us some soft guidance around next year.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun. This is Billy. Let me try to weigh in on that for you. And I apologize if I missed some of your question, you were breaking up a little bit there. As far as 2024, as I said earlier, it's a little bit early to give specifics on the plan, but I would say just look at our activity levels we're seeing today. And I would expect to see similar levels of activity on our core foundational plays going into next year, give you some hint as to what activity levels we might have. I would expect a few additional wells next year in our emerging plays, such as the Utica and maybe Dorado. And then, as far as service costs, let me just weigh in a little bit on that while we're talking about that. We certainly understand service costs have moderated in the industry as industry activity has dropped throughout the year. The magnitude of those declines certainly varies between the services and in which basins we're operating in. We remain focused on just continuous improvement that we see in our efficiency gains throughout our operations. So we tend to use the latest technology in the highest-performing crews, which includes super-spec rigs and frac fleets. That equipment continues, as you know, to be in high demand with service pricing proving to be more resilient. We have seen drops in tubular and casing costs for next year that will tend to reduce overall well cost. But again, the magnitude of that effect on overall well cost is yet to be quantified. So as we go into next year, certainly, we expect to maintain our activity levels that we see in our core plays, a few extra wells, some softening on well cost. Overall, I think that's kind of where we're headed.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Fair enough. Maybe one for Jeff. Jeff, if you can give some more details. You've provided your Utica type curve on Slide 11. Just wanted to get a sense of is that type curve for the entire play? Is it for the volatile oil window only? And would that be representative of both the North and the Southern portions of the play?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes. That would just be the general type curve in mix across the 140 miles kind of from North to South there in the play. So it's pretty consistent. You can see on the slide that we put our first handful of wells on there, and that's really what a lot of the type curve was going to be built off. And you can see the Timberwolf package is the most recent one that we brought on and the outperformance in that one.
Operator: The next question comes from Philips Johnston of Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Philips Johnston: Just a few quick follow-ups for Jeff on the Utica. First, on the 55% oil cut, what sort of API are we talking about on that crew? Or is it more of a quasi-condensate type of mix there?
Lance Terveen: Hey, Philip. This is Lance. Yes, what we're seeing is still early, but what we're seeing is kind of APIs in kind of the 40s to 50s.
Philips Johnston: Okay. Sounds good. And then, the wells so far are pretty much all been up along the eastern edge of the acreage. And I'm pretty sure you guys have previously cited the black oil window. It's sort of in the exploratory phase still. But how does the geology change as you go West? And when would you expect to test other parts of your acreage?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes. Good question. So to kind of start off, why do we started off on the East, really the big reason with that is just we had good quality seismic data over on the east side of it when we were first starting out. And obviously, that's really important, so you can get a really good look at the detailed subsurface, any kind of drilling hazards to make sure you perform really, really clean tests. So where we started, where that seismics at, obviously, we started the delineation. We've got spacing tests in place. And then as we start to zero in on that spacing, we'll be able to kind of step out more to the west and be able to apply some of those spacing techniques to start developing out there. But we do know there's going to be variation in productivity. And as you did state, we do expect it to get more oilier as you do move out to the west.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: I'll maybe stick with the Utica. Just my first question, typically, would your AMI in the eastern side of the play limit in any way thoughts about incremental activity or potential additional acquisitions in that Eastern oil window?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra. We're pretty happy with the footprint that we've been able to put together since we entered the play. I think we highlighted on the call that we've added an additional 25,000 acres, bringing our total up to 425,000 acres at very low cost. And let me just highlight again that we actually own the minerals across 130,000 mineral acres down in the southern portion of the play. So when we look at it right now, as Jeff said, we're drilling some initial spacing packages, some delineation tests where we currently have seismic. We're also this year acquiring seismic in a couple of different parts of the play. So we can continue to step out and gather results on that and provide a bigger better estimate of what we've captured here for you guys. As far as being limited on incremental activity. I want to think of it that way. Like I said, we've put together a very large contiguous acreage position. And really, our activity right now as far as investment in pace, as Billy said, is going to be determined on our ability to collect data and integrate the production data that we're seeing back into the front-end of our geologic models. The activity is really always considered to be at a pace where we can continue to learn and incorporate those learnings on the next set of wells.
Neal Dingmann: Great details, Ezra. And then just to follow up, I want to make sure, I'll stick with the Utica. Just it sounds like you have more than ample takeaway if I hear right, on the Southern Utica, but I just want to make sure it was clear for plans on the Northern portion that. Bill, I think you're one of the guys just talking about it. Maybe just talk about the infrastructure plans and if that would capture any of the upside if you decided to boost activity in that northern area.
Lance Terveen: Yes, Neal. This is Lance. Good morning. I think what makes this place so unique is that it is just positioned to so much existing capacity. I mean, actually, in fact, when -- there's even some idle processing capacity and fractionation, ideal processing capacity that's nearby on our acreage. So when we look at that just from an infrastructure standpoint, we've been focused on more just the gathering infrastructure. And as Jeff mentioned, we put into service our pipeline in the North and then we're going to have a pipeline in the South as well. So we're going to have plenty of running room, just long-term running room as we think about the infrastructure that we're putting in place along with third parties and then also the available capacity that's in place.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: I'm not loving the new dial-in system, but thanks for getting me on. Ezra, I wonder if I could hit first two things. I want to hit the cash return change and the evolution of the portfolio as you look forward. So dealing first with the 70% number, that obviously is subject to whatever the level of capital is. And I guess, the flow on the machine is that 60% of free cash flow or 70% of free cash flow is still free cash flow, which means it's entirely dependent on what you decide as a discretionary spending, which to me doesn't mean a whole lot. So what commitment can you give or at least guidance or framework for what the level of spending looks like in order for us to interpret what the increase in free cash flow commitment actually means?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, it's a good question. We based our cash return model on free cash flow for a couple of reasons. It's simple but it's also pretty dynamic, and it's close to the intentions that we have over a range of different price scenarios. So we're not entering into an area where we need to modify the commitment going forward. It's something that once we come out with that commitment, hopefully, our shareholders can see by our track record that once we come out with something, we're very consistent with it. The 70% return is a minimum of free cash flow is pretty consistent with our longstanding strategy, I would say, to build shareholder value and position the company to be able to do it through industry cycles. And that means that reinvestment at the right pace in our high-return inventory, that's the best thing we can do to create shareholder value. Ultimately, the cash return strategy, it begins with our commitment to a growing and sustainable regular dividend which, again, we raised that. We increased that just 10% and that dividend has never been cut or suspended over the 25 years that we've been paying one. In addition, we've committed now to return either additional specials or buybacks to reach that 70% minimum commitment. For us, hopefully, the increased commitment, the reason we like the 70% of free cash flow is, it's consistent with our free cash flow return in that it puts the emphasis on our regular dividend, which we think is peer-leading and competitive with S&P 500. And again, we feel that we can maintain current levels of production and cover that base dividend at WTI prices as low as $45.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the new breakeven number, Ezra. That's very helpful. Thank you. My follow-up is on portfolio evolution because, I guess, we all know that 10 years is not the number, I guess, for EOG. But yet your slide deck continues to refer to 10 years of double premium. So if I assume that's dominated by the Eagle Ford and the Permian given that you're happy with that level of activity, how does it evolve if the next leg of growth is Dorado, Utica in terms of mix? And I guess what I'm really driving at is, our channel checks on midstream suggests you could potentially be drilling north of 300 wells in the Utica in 2026. Does that sound reasonable to you in which case, what's the implication for mix?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, I'm not going to speculate on 2026. As Billy said, it's a little bit early to be speculating on 2024. What I'd come back to is our disciplined base of investment. We have a lot of flexibility in the Utica. Specifically, we've got over 90 or roughly 90% of the acreage there is held by preexisting production. We only have a minor drilling commitment there. So we're in a great spot where we can actually develop that asset in a disciplined ability to increase activity commensurate with the increase of our learnings. Now overall, your question is recently our exploration efforts have yielded very high return, more combo plays, or in Dorado case, a gas play, and that's true. And there's something to be said for that. Our exploration and emphasis, I would say is dominantly more oil-focused because the margins are a bit more forgiving on oil from what we see. But ultimately, with our premium investment hurdle rate, and that's at bottom cycle pricing of $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas through the life of the asset, we're somewhat agnostic to the product mix. Now it does require a heavy lift, by Lance, to discover new market potentials for us. And we continue to invest in different parts of the infrastructure and supply chain to lower our costs and lower our break-evens. But ultimately, we're investing in high-return assets and we continue to build out the inventory in a high return framework. More than the 10 years of double premium drilling, I think I'd steer you towards the 10 billion barrels of equivalents overall that is, at a finding and development cost, lower than our current DD&A rate. And as I said in the opening remarks, that contemplates maintenance levels at current levels of production, roughly 30 years of production. So we're very confident in the high-return inventory that we put together and believe that it's going to continue to deliver great shareholder value in the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Billy, I'm going to make one more run at the '24 outlook. I think you've laid out that the activity levels are going to be pretty similar to '23. If I look at or if I try to think about the big moving pieces, you're going to have some efficiency gains, some capital efficiency gains, especially as some costs come down. On the other side, you have a slightly higher base production. So is it a reasonable stake in the ground to think that you guys can have similar results of '23 in the sense of low single-digit oil growth and kind of low-teens NGL and natural gas growth?
Billy Helms: Thanks, Charles. Yes, this is Billy. For '24, we've kind of said it's a little early to get specifics about things. But I would point you to the fact that we're running at a pretty decent level of activity now. We're going to maintain that same level of activity going into next year. Now just a reminder, we're spending about $6 billion on our CapEx program this year, and it has proved to be fairly ratable through each quarter of the year. Similar levels of activity, there will be some upward movement maybe on efficiency gains. Like you said, we'll have a little bit more efficiency gains to factor in maybe some cost reductions due to casing cost, those kind of things. We'll still have some infrastructure spend. We may drill a few more wells in the Utica and Dorado plays. And we're trying to quantify that as we go towards the end of the year. But directionally, that kind of hopefully points you towards what next year might look like. We're not going to see a big ramp up in activity in any play as we see today, small changes in capital efficiency and well cost as we go into next year, we have some infrastructure spend.
Charles Meade: Got it. Thank you, Billy. And then, I'm not sure who this would be best for, but I'm curious about your 3-mile laterals in the Utica. It seems to me like you're pleased with the results because you mentioned that you're even considering longer laterals in the Utica. But curious if you could address that point? And then also whether we can expect to see 3-mile laterals in other key plays for you guys? And if yes, where, or if no, what's special about the Utica that it works there and not in other places?
Billy Helms: Yes. Charles. This is Billy again. Let me give you kind of an overview and then Jeff may add some more color. The 3-mile laterals in the Utica, yes, we're very excited about that play and its ability to do these longer laterals very efficiently on the operational side. We're drilling these things in record times and making progress with each pattern of wells we drill. And we feel we have line of sight on being able to continue to reduce cost over the longer-term period as we apply learnings from other plays into this area. So that's going to continue. Now we're also drilling longer laterals in some other plays. We've drilled some 3-mile laterals in the Eagle Ford and we're drilling 3-mile laterals in the Delaware Basin. So we expect that trend to continue in each of our plays. Now Jeff might want to add some colors on what we're seeing on performance there, too.
Jeff Leitzell: Yes. Just a little bit to add in. In the Delaware, in the Eagle Ford and in Utica, we've had great operational efficiency with our 3-mile laterals. And that's one of the things, as you start stretching out the length of these laterals, you want to make sure that operationally you don't have any issues on the drilling side and you're able to optimally complete that. And we've seen really, really good results with that. The other thing we're also seeing is by drilling these longer laterals, we're able to supplement 1 vertical with a 3-mile lateral versus 2 verticals and a 2-mile lateral. So we're able to see substantial cost savings there anywhere from kind of 15% to 25%. So we're definitely excited about where we're seeing it. Obviously, it ties in with our leasehold, and we have to see where we can actually drill 3-mile laterals. But we are looking to expand that across our plays moving into next year and beyond.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Gruber of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: The enhanced completion technique in the Delaware appears to be a success, if I heard correctly, 20% uplift in productivity. But there has been a question regarding applicability as you've talked about in the past. What's your latest thinking on how widely applicable the technique is across the play? And will there be an increase in the number of wells completed with the technique next year?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Scott. Just there's no major updates this quarter, especially just in the Permian with the Wolfcamp. We're still seeing the outstanding strong results that we talked about earlier. Consistently 20% uplift in the first year production in EOR. The thing I would say is there in the Permian, we do have a handful of tests up in the shallower targets, and that's really where our focus is shifting out there. We hope to bring those on towards the end of this year and kind of the first half of next year. And once we get those results, we'll go ahead and share those with. But then around the rest of the plays, we talked about in the Powder River Basin, we do have a test in the ground we're currently evaluating there. And then more so over in the Utica, obviously, we started applying that with all of our new designs there. So seeing good results, but we're still just kind of collecting data and we'll see exactly what formations that we have success with moving forward.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then a follow-up on the South Texas pipeline. Does the completion of Phase 2 of the pipeline later next year influence how you think about the cadence of activity in Dorado? Are you inclined to add rigs into the play later in '24 to set the stage for a stronger growth once the pipeline is complete?
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott. This is Billy. Phase 2, first of all, we're very excited about that project. Getting that pipeline is going to give us access to multiple markets in that basin. The pace of activity in Dorado is really governed by our learnings and results more so than the pipeline date. Certainly, we're excited about the pipeline, because as Lance laid out, it's going to allow us to save $0.20 or $0.30 in Mcf over the life of those reserves, which is 21 Tcf of reserves, But the pace of activity is really governed by how we see the macro and our learnings as we progress to play really independent of the pipeline.
Lance Terveen: And then this is Lance, too. Some of the other strategic things we've done as you think about Phase 2, once we go in service, just to start, we already have existing capacity with other existing markets that are in place. But as Billy mentioned, really excited about getting to what we're going to potentially see as premium markets because we've got offtake agreements already in place, 2 of those which are very strategic. One of those, obviously, is with Cheniere and excited to see the development and momentum they're getting with the Stage 3 facility where we'll be a big piece of. And then, just two, the Transco, we'll have a strategic connection there. And that's going to give us access all the way up essentially the Gulf Coast Corridor, getting all the way into the premium market. So again, really excited about that as well, just from an offtake capability as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Derrick Whitfield of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Derrick Whitfield: I have two questions related to topics not covered yet. So first question, I wanted to focus on your CCS pilot, was the benefit of a year of experience in the pilot. I wonder to see if you could speak to some of the learnings to date and applicability of the pilot to your larger operations as a means to achieve net zero.
Billy Helms: Yes, Derrick, this is Billy. Yes, the CCS pilot project, we're very excited about that project, what we've learned and how we can move forward with the play. So as far as how we've learned, there's a lot of operational things we've kind of uncovered as we develop that project, how we think about the CO2 we're sequestering, how we store it, how we move it, the pipeline infrastructure, the equipment we need, those kind of things. But also technically, what we've learned there as well. One thing we bring to the table on all these CCS projects, we have an immense amount of understanding of geological areas to store the carbon and our ability to map out those zones. And then we're also very good at drilling wells. So applying those 2 things give us some advantage on projects as we move forward. What we've learned in some of the monitoring we've done so far is very supportive of our initial thoughts on the play and how we can store the CO2 and observe its movement in the ground and be able to have confidence that we can store that for a sustainable period of time. So we're learning a lot. We're very pleased with the results we're seeing. Now we're also looking beyond our pilot project to see where else we can apply that technology. And it's early to say yet where we're going to take that, but needless to say, we're encouraged with what we're doing and excited about the opportunities moving forward.
Scott Gruber: Great. And then, second, I wanted to lean in on your shallow water exploration schedule. With offshore drilling rig rates approaching historic levels and industry messaging sustained strength, how does that impact your views on the timeline for exploration wells and, more importantly, development activities, assuming exploration success?
Billy Helms: Yes, Derrick. This is Billy again. Certainly, for offshore, as you mentioned there, the rig utilization is pretty tight or I'd say it's pretty high. So the market remains pretty tight on offshore rigs. We are very happy and pleased with the activity we have ongoing in Trinidad. We've been in the Trinidad, just a reminder, we've been in Trinidad for over 30 years. And currently, we have line of sight on probably one of our longest running programs we've ever had in the history of that play. And so we've secured a rig there for that operation and very pleased with the results we've seen to date. So now moving forward, as far as our exploration activity, certainly we're interested in pursuing other shallow water offshore opportunities in the company, and mainly because we've built quite a bit of expertise of drilling these offshore wells very efficiently and cost competitively compared to the industry. So we think that gives us a strategic advantage being able to pursue these kind of opportunities around the world. So we're continuing to look for those opportunities. And certainly, those opportunities would factor in the cost of doing business today the current offshore rig environment. And they'd have to be competitive with what we're doing in the rest of our portfolio. So looking at it that way, we see opportunities to continue to pursue that and excited about what that looks like going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Nitin Kumar of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Nitin Kumar: Why don't we go back to the Delaware for a minute? As I look at your slides, and there were 2 things that you were doing in the Delaware this year. You were also increasing the mix of your Wolfcamp oil in the drilling schedule and then there were the enhancements that you made. Could you break out the improvement that you're seeing between the mix and then the new technologies that you're talking about?
Jeff Leitzell: Yes. This is Jeff. The first thing I'd say is in the Delaware, our technical teams, they're doing an outstanding job of continuing to build on their understanding of the subsurface geology, their geologic models. And really what they're focused on is increasing the value of each of our development units by maximizing and improving the overall NPV. So really, we look at it from kind of a total bench standpoint when we go into development. Now when we're looking at productivity and you talk about that, the wells are looking outstanding and we're kind of seeing a marked improvement year-over-year. We've seen good increase in productivity across the majority of our benches, and really the Wolfcamp as about a lot is kind of leading the way due to that new completion design. But the one thing that we always want to go ahead and highlight is, we have a large acreage footprint, over 400,000 acres. We've got high number of unique targets that we co-develop based off the very unique geology in each one of these areas. So you're going to see when you look at individual well results or even roll-up for the play, you're going to see that quarter-to-quarter variations in productivity and well performance. But ultimately, we're really happy with all the results that we see and it's hitting all the expectations and we have all of that built into our forecast.
Nitin Kumar: Great. I guess the reason I'm asking this question is one of your peers in the play has talked about improving recovery rates, not just optimizing the well but actually improving recovery rates with the application of technology and they've talked about 20% gains. So I guess, given your experience in shale and, of course, your track record, I'm curious to see if you have seen technologies or are seeing technologies that could help that recovery factor increase not, just optimizing the wells but really a step change in what you're drawing from the rock.
Billy Helms: Yes, Nitin. This is Billy. Let me give you a little more color on that in general. As far as the recovery factor, we're constantly improving or working to improve the long-term recovery in all of our plays, and it's something that goes really back to the foundation of the company and is something historically we've done, as you mentioned. We leverage a lot of technology to help us understand how we're targeting those plays and how we're completing each well. And so it involves a lot of things. And let me just talk about that in the sense of how we think about it. I mean, these unconventional plays, the completion efficiency is really important how we evolve over time. And so just thinking about how we've applied new technology, it goes back several years where we talked about the frac design itself, how we change the way we attack the well from the type of sand we pump, the spacing of the perforations, the cluster spacing, the frac rate, how we target reservoirs, our understanding geologically of how we understand the best place to place the target so we can co-develop like zones and those kind of things. So that evolution over time has caused us to see dramatic improvements in production, which is a proxy for a recovery factor over time. And the most recent example is, this is what Jeff just talked about, the improvements we've seen in our Wolfcamp play. And you can readily see, the 20% uplift we're seeing in completions in production performance is due to the completion approaches. So all those things over time lead to improved recovery factor.
Operator: Next question comes from Josh Silverstein of UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: Just on the updated 70% shareholder return level. How are you thinking about excess free cash flow beyond this? Will you look to increase the exploration budget, or could you, in theory, increase the shareholder returns to 90%? Any thoughts would be helpful here just to get the cash balance can keep growing substantially next year and there's no maturity until 2025.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Josh. This is Ezra. Ultimately, I think the answer to your question is that 70% is a minimum hurdle. In the last couple of years since we first came out with the initial cash return guidance, we had a minimum cash return commitment of 60%. In 2022, we were at 67%, and this year you see that we're on track to be north of 70%, probably closer to 75%. So I think that's the way you should be thinking about the guidance on there. And really, the big thing with our free cash flow commitment, it's a minimum of that 70%. But again, it's really founded in and hopefully, it doesn't remove the focus from our regular dividend. The regular dividend, we feel, is the best indicator of a company's ongoing performance, the improved capital efficiency going forward. And it's a commitment that we give to our shareholders based on our ability to continue to lower the break-evens and expand the sustainable future free cash flow generation in the company. It's backstopped with a pristine balance sheet. And in this quarter, when we raised it to 10%, One of the ways that we raised is by looking at what does it take on a breakeven there. And as we talked about before, we can support this new $2.1 billion regular dividend in commitment. At a range of maintenance CapEx scenarios, the higher end of that range would be with a $45 WTI price. And when I say a range of maintenance capital scenarios, let me be clear when I say that. For a company like ours that has multiple basins, differing amounts year-over-year of infrastructure spend or exploration, different product types. We look at maintenance capital through the lens of what does it take to keep production flat for a 5-year period, but also across those different investment scenarios. Are we investing in the health of the company longer term with exploration or are we really just narrowing it down to just a focus on maintaining production? And so we end up with basically a range of maintenance CapEx between $4.2 billion and $4.8 billion and so a midpoint of about $4.5 million. And as I said, at the higher end, that's where we can maintain that level with the $45 WTI.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. And last for me. As you guys are thinking about the portfolio, how are you thinking about any kind of long cycle or conventional opportunities like Trinidad to kind of add in relative to bringing on some additional unconventional growth opportunities? Thanks.
Billy Helms: Yes, Josh. This is Billy. Let me give you a little bit of hint maybe of kind of what we're looking at. Certainly, we have a deep portfolio of unconventional plays in the things we're currently drilling today. But our active exploration program is continuously looking for all opportunities. And they're geared towards, first of all, generating solid returns and being competitive with what we're investing in today. So they will include things that are conventional or unconventional, offshore or onshore, U.S. or not. So we're looking at all kinds of things that are competitive with what our portfolio is generating today.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Yacob for any closing remarks.
EzraYacob: Yes. I'd just like to say that we appreciate everyone's time today. One final takeaway I'd like to leave you with is that EOG's cash return announcements in the third quarter demonstrate our commitment to creating long-term value for our shareholders. We've increased our free cash flow payout minimum to 70% and increased our regular dividend 10%, and we're confident in the sustainability of our regular dividend due to the consistent execution of our value proposition that improves the company year-after-year. EOG is in a better position than ever to deliver value for our shareholders through industry cycles and play a leading role in the long-term future of energy. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures can be found on EOG’s website. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor Relations and Finance. Here is Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results reflect exceptional execution throughout our multi-basin portfolio. Production volumes, CapEx, cash operating costs and DD&A all beat targets driving another quarter of excellent financial performance. We earn $1.5 billion of adjusted net income and generated $1 billion of free cash flow, year-to-date we've generated free cash flow of $2.1 billion. That free cash flow and cash on the balance sheet funded year-to-date cash returned to shareholders of $2.2 billion, including more than $600 million of share repurchases executed during the first half of the year.  Taking into account our full year regular dividend, we have committed to return $3.1 billion to shareholders in 2023, or about 67% of our estimated 2023 cash flow assuming a $75 oil price well ahead of our target minimum return of 60%. EOGs peer-leading regular dividend is currently the majority of the $3.1 billion of cash return and committed to shareholders this year. Our sustainable growing regular dividend which we have never cut nor suspended remains the first priority to return cash.  We also continue to leverage special dividends and buybacks to return additional cash depending on market conditions through the first two quarters of 2023 we've deployed more than $600 million to opportunistically repurchase shares during times of increased volatility. And while our cash return strategy remains consistent, what has evolved since putting the $5 billion repurchase authorization in place over a year and a half ago, is the fundamental strength of our business. And we continue to get better through relentless execution of and commitment to EOGs value proposition.  We invest in high return projects across our multi-basin portfolio, adding lower costs reserves, which reduces our breakeven and expands our margins. We are now actively investing in five premium basins, more than any time in our history. Our foundational assets in the Delaware Basin an Eagle Ford continue to consistently deliver and we're pleased by the outstanding progress across our emerging Southern Powder River Basin, Ohio Utica Combo, and South Texas Dorado plays.  Well productivity and cost performance are meeting or beating expectations across our portfolio as we invest and develop each asset at a pace that supports consistent execution and continued innovation. We continue to lower the cost basis of our company, utilizing technology and innovation that improves well performance and lowers well costs to sustainably reduce our finding and development costs, efficiencies and infrastructure investments are lowering current and future unit operating costs and contribute to our emissions reduction efforts.  Finally, we have further strengthened our pristine balance sheet this year, while generating significant free cash flow and funding our transparent cash return strategy, which is designed to deliver consistent shareholder value through the cycle. And heading into the second half of 2023. Our continued performance gains will be complemented by strong fundamentals. Oil demand has been resilient despite volatility in the first half of the year, and demand is showing signs of continued growth through the second half of the year. Strong inventory drawers since the start of the year have pulled oil inventories below five year averages and refinery utilization remains high. Production growth in the U.S. is on pace to deliver similar rates as 2022, while exiting the year with significantly less activity as public companies continue to demonstrate discipline. And it appears OPEC+ are following through on an ounce production cuts. The culmination of these actions should further reduce inventory levels and place upward pressure on pricing through year end.  Regarding North American natural gas, while inventory levels remain above the five-year average, prices have firmed up recently, reflecting a reduction in natural gas drilling, and an increase in demand from both power generation and LNG exports. These trends should support a more balanced supply and demand environment late this year and heading into 2024. We remain constructive on the longer term gas story for the U.S. supported by recent LNG project approvals, and the growing petrochemical complex on the Gulf Coast.  And we're especially pleased with Dorados place in the market, as one of the lowest cost supplies of natural gas in the U.S. with an advantage location and emissions profile. EOGs value proposition is delivering results and the strength of our business has never been better to deliver value for the shareholders through industry cycles and play a leading role in the long term future of energy.  Now here's Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. EOG delivered excellent operating and financial performance in all areas in the second quarter. Oil production increased 3% year-over-year while total production increased 5%. Per unit cash operating costs remained essentially flat from the prior year period despite industry wide inflation. Compared to the first quarter, however, per unit cash operating costs declined by 5% and were lower in all four categories. We're beginning to see the benefits of lower cost improve our operating margin.  The DD&A rate fell by 10% year-over-year driven by the addition of reserves at lower finding costs compared to our production base. Capital expenditures came in at $1.5 billion $130 million below our target and just slightly above the first quarter level. The difference was mostly due to the timing of non-well related costs such as infrastructure projects. Year-to-date CapEx of $3 billion is 50% of the full year budget.  The improving capital efficiency of our assets, consistent operational execution, along with the application of innovation and technology to lower costs is making a big impact on the financial performance of the company. We earned adjusted net income of $2.49 per share in the second quarter, and generated free cash flow of $1 billion. Return on capital employed for the last 12 months is 29% at an average WTI oil price of $81 and Henry Hub natural gas price of about $5.  Here's Billy to review operations.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. I would like to first thank our employees for their commitment and dedication that led to another quarter of exceptional execution. EOG once again meet our forecasted targets and delivered a near perfect quarter. As a result, we have completed the first half of the year ahead on volumes, and ahead on total per unit cash operating cost. Our volume performance in the first half of the year is due to several factors. The performance of new wells is outpacing our forecast, primarily in the Delaware Basin, part of which is due to our new completion design. We're also experiencing less downtime due to market interruptions than previously planned, our investments in infrastructure along with real time data analytics provided the control and flexibility needed to redirect sales volumes to different markets to maintain production. Unit cash operating costs through the first half of the year average 5% below the midpoint of our quarterly guidance, due to a combination of several factors including lower lease operating expenses, as well as reduced transportation cost.  Lower workover and compression related expense reduced LOE, while transportation costs benefited from the flexibility to sell into more favorable markets throughout the quarter. Credit goes to the cross functional efforts of our production, marketing and information systems teams, who remain focused on sustainable, low cost operations quarter after quarter. We have line of sight to maintain these cost improvements throughout the year, and as a result have reduced our full year guidance for total unit cash operating cost.  Operationally, EOG is firing on all cylinders. Our foundational Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays are delivering exceptional results. While our emerging plays benefit from learnings and technology transfer across our multi-basin portfolio. Our decentralized structure supports innovation in each operating area, which much and much like independent technology incubators, and compounds the impact of that innovation by taking ideas born in one area and expanding them across multiple basins and across multiple functions. Across every operating area, our frontline engineers and geologists work that technology every day to lower cost and improve well performance. We look for strategic opportunities to vertically integrate certain services within the supply chain, where we find an opportunity to better align those services with our goals. That includes areas like downhole drilling motors, drilling mud, sand and water. Developing such capabilities in-house significantly improves the cost structure of the company.  This quarter we're highlighting drilling performance improvements in the south Texas Dorado, South Powder River Basin Mowry and the Ohio Utica Combo plays. Our emerging plays are moving up the learning curve faster due to the benefit of drilling advancements, and the application of technology over the past decade.  We continue to evolve our proprietary suite of applications, powered by real time high frequency data and analytics to assist our frontline employees to collaborate and make decisions faster. The combined benefit of these efforts has already contributed to an increase of up to 25% in drilling feet per day for wells and our emerging plays this year. In our Ohio Utica play, we recently drilled a 15,700-foot lateral in 2.6 days and 100% in zone.  Capitalization expenditures for the first half are also a running light, due primarily to the infrastructure span that has been deferred into the second half of the year. It is worth noting the economic impact of our investments in EOG owned infrastructure. Our realized U.S. oil price in the second quarter was $1.23 above WTI. And U.S. natural gas was essentially flat to Henry Hub.  CapEx for our drilling and completion program are right on track. The rate of change for inflation this year is consistent with what we'd anticipated started the year. So we still see line of sight to limit year-over-year well cost inflation in ‘23 to just 10% While any additional softening of service cost in this year has the potential to impact 2024. It's simply too early to predict. The market remains too dynamic, particularly given the constructive outlook for oil in the second half of the year.  Furthermore, we remain focused on generating long-term, sustainable cost reductions, driven by utilizing the highest quality equipment and the highest performing teams, which are less exposed to the leading edge price declines that we see in more marginal equipment. Our $6 billion capital program is focused -- is forecasted to deliver 3% or volume growth and 6% total liquid growth. In Dorado, our South Texas Natural Gas play, we delayed the timing of plant completions earlier this year, and about five wells had been pushed into early 2024. Thus, we reduced our full year gas volume guidance accordingly.  We maintained our drilling pace in Dorado to build operational momentum and capture the corresponding efficiencies. As a result, we're seeing a 16% improvement in our drilling times for Dorado. As shown on slide 11 of our updated Investor Presentation. We’re constructive on natural gas longer term, and believe Dorado will be one of the lowest cost and lowest emission supplies of natural gas in the U.S. and will compete on a global scale.  This year started out with many challenges, but also many opportunities to continue to improve the company. I am very pleased with the progress our teams continue to deliver and remain optimistic about the second half of the year, and how the company has positioned for the future.  Now I'll turn the call over to Ken to discuss progress on lowering our emissions.
Ken Boedeker : Thanks, Billy. We're continuing to make outstanding progress on our emissions goals. As a preview to our 2022 sustainability report that will be published in September, we are excited to announce that we've reached three significant near term goals well ahead of schedule. First, our 2022 GHG intensity rate of 13.3 metric tons of CO2e per Mboe as less than our 2025 goal of 13.5.  Second, our 2022 methane emissions percentage is 0.04% of our natural gas produced and is significantly less than our 2025 goal of 0.06%. And third, we have achieved our zero routine flaring goal in 2023, well ahead of our 2025 target, and significantly ahead of the World Bank initiative, which strives to attain zero routine flaring by 2030. We have also confirmed that our wellhead gas capture rate for 2022 was 99.9% of the gas produced.  We continue to expand our in-house continuous methane monitoring technology named iSense and finished 2022 with 95% of our production in the Delaware Basin covered by iSense monitoring. As a reminder, the power of iSense is incorporating continuous methane monitoring data with our production and facilities data and monitoring this data on a 24-hour basis in one of our four control centers.  This enhances our ability to identify potential leaks, and prioritize repairs that are needed in the field to minimize fugitive emissions. As with a number of EOG operations, it is anticipated that collection and integration of iSense data will lead to continuous improvement in facilities and production design and operations.  We're excited about the progress we've made in the last several years on our emissions performance and are very proud that we have such dedicated employees who are continuing making our operations more efficient. Their innovative solutions and push to beat expectations have driven us to exceed our goals early. We are currently assessing new goals with our operations groups and anticipate publicizing those goals in the first half of 2024.  Now, here's Ezra, to wrap up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Ken. Our second quarter results demonstrate once again that EOGs value proposition works. We invest in high return low cost assets across a diverse multi basin portfolio. We leverage technology and innovation to sustainably lower well costs and reduce emissions. These high return low cost investments generate significant free cash flow to fund our transparent cash return strategy backstopped by a pristine balance sheet to deliver consistent shareholder value through the cycle. Most importantly, our culture is at the core of our value proposition and is our ultimate competitive advantage.  Thanks for listening we'll now go to Q&A
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng : Thank you. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, sir. Paul, go ahead, please.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Two questions, please. First, on the cash return on the free cash flow, thank you that you are paying more than 100%. Just want to see how you determine that this is the right time to pay more than 100%, or how should we reset into the future given you're already in a net cash position, should we think that there's a little bit change in the management view and the payout is going to perhaps closer to 100% until that maybe that market condition change. And also that whether we should read the second consecutive quarter of the buyback means that management now see the buyback as more of an ongoing part of the toolbox on your cash return? That's the first question.  Second question that on Dorado, the decision that to delay the five well in this year. Can you -- maybe share with us, I think Billy has mentioned that, can you share with us then what's the thinking behind the delay? I know that the Street has been bugging you that you should delay the Dorado, and you guys do it in this quarter. But I want to understand a little bit better in terms of the decision-making process behind. And the full year guidance reduction, I think it's all related to that, right? Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Sure, Paul. This is Ezra. I think I'll take that first question and then Billy can address the second question regarding Dorado. So yes, on the first one, it's kind of a broad question on our cash return strategy. So hopefully, I hit on all the points that you're trying to get at. But first, let's start with our guidance, which has always been the minimum of 60% of free cash flow. So we've never guided to that 60% as being a specific target, it's always been a minimum of 60% of our free cash flow. The reason we like that guide is, honestly, it's pretty simple and dynamic, it's easy to understand and communicate.  The minimum of 60% is -- it can be supported over a range of price scenarios, especially when there's a pullback in prices. And really, we can underpin that with the growing sustainable regular dividend that we highlight and talk about so much. And that's what can provide really a meaningful amount of cash return through the cycle. Again, I do want to emphasize, we consider that regular dividend to still be the true hallmark of a strong and improving underlying business, and we like the message that it sends. We increased that regular dividend commensurate with the strength of the business, lowering the cost basis of the company, and also in consideration with strengthening our balance sheet.  More specifically to kind of payouts that you've seen this year, we do recognize the value of opportunistic buybacks as part of that cash return strategy is a way to create shareholder value. So I would say that really, the decision that you've seen is consistent with our overall capital allocation strategy where we buy back shares in an opportunistic manner as a means to return cash above and beyond that minimum of 60%, in addition, to our regular dividend and at times, instead of paying a special dividend.  We basically evaluate that buyback, just like we do any of our other investment decisions, whether it's exploration or drilling high-return oil and gas wells or investing in infrastructure. It's how is that investment going to create long-term shareholder value. That's what we primarily focus on.  And so the percent will fluctuate depending on a specific moment and time and what the circumstances are around our cash return strategy. But what we have guided to and what you can bank on is it's the minimum of 60% now. We highlighted -- we paid 67% out last year, and we're very well positioned halfway through the year right now where we've already committed or paid 67%, as I highlighted in the script. And all -- for the Dorado timing, I'll hand it over to Billy.
Billy Helms: Yes. Good morning, Paul. On Dorado, we had indicated earlier in the year that we were evaluating the potential to delay some of our completions in Dorado and we are consistent with that strategy. We elected to maintain our drilling operations there, and we're seeing the benefits of that decision to play through the efficiencies we're gaining on the operational side. And we've given some color on that in our new investor deck illustrating the improvements in drilling times there in that place.  So we're very pleased with that progress. But don't forget, our investment strategy includes a gas price of investing for $2.50. That's our premium price deck when it relates to gas prices. We certainly were watching inventory levels on the gas side and just prudently decided to delay a little bit of the completions there until we saw the fundamentals improve, and so we'll be just laying some of those completions as we go into the late this year, which pushes five wells into the next year. So that's simply the thinking on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann of Truist. Neal, the line is yours.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. As for my questions on well productivity, specifically looking at that Slide 10 of yours, certainly it appears that your Delaware wells continue to notably improve, and so what I'm wondering is this driven more by just continued D&C efficiencies. Or is it more an informational targeting? I asked that, I just was looking at the bottom through the left corner of those pies. It looks like over the years, not only the wells improving, but it looks like they're becoming more focus on that Wolfcamp oil. So I'm just wondering what is driving that, it does look very positive.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you, Neil. This is Ezra. I'm actually going to let Jeff Leitzell step in and address your question.
Jeff Leitzell: Hi, Neil. This is Jeff. On our Permian productivity, we've been really happy with how the wells have performed in the Delaware through the first half of the year. So all of our primary targets, they're performing right now as forecasted or better. And I'd say this is primarily due to just our stacked pay co-development strategy in combination with the new completion design we talked about, which has continued to be really successful in our Wolfcamp targets. And in regards to that new completion design, just kind of a quick update, we're still observing a 20% increase in both first year production and EUR for both oil and BOEs in the Wolfcamp.  So for the full year of 2023, we're planning on bringing on about 70 total Wolfcamp wells with this new design, which is nearly twice the number we've completed in 2022. And also with it, as we talked about, we're continuing to test and expand the technique in other areas and targets in the Delaware Basin along with all across our emerging plays in our multi-basin portfolio.
Neal Dingmann: It's very helpful. And then -- and sorry about that. My second question is just on OFS costs. In the past, you all have been among the best not only just what I would say renegotiating contracts, but I know in the past, you've been able to stockpile type at the right time and all those sort of things. I'm just wondering if maybe give us a little bit of details on how you see the market now?
Billy Helms: Yes, Neal. This is Billy. So certainly, we're seeing the service prices start to soften. But these savings from lower service costs really probably won't manifest into a lower well cost until later this year and certainly into 2024. These leading-edge prices are falling across various products and services for the industry. And certainly, it varies depending on the product in the area. I'd add that there are several factors that kind of reflect kind of where our '23 capital program is. As a company, as you mentioned there, we focused on sustainable cost reductions through our operational efficiency gains.  As a result, we do seek out the highest performing equipment in cruise, super-spec rigs, electric frac fleets, et cetera. That's really less exposed to some of these headline inflation numbers that we're seeing on the more marginal and equipments on the spot market. And the second part of that is we really anticipate that service costs would moderate through the year when we put our plan together since rig count really peaked back in November, and we built our plan in February, expecting well costs would increase no more than 10% relative to this last year. So things are really playing out exactly the way we planned.  Another point there is we do try to secure about 50% of our well costs in the start of any given year that really helps insulate us from inflationary impacts to our activity levels. And then lastly, based on how we do manage our business, we are less exposed to the volatility in service cost in any given year.  And I would remind you, as you kind of alluded to there, our well cost really only increased about 7% last year compared to the over 20% inflation that we saw in the market. So yes, it really helps us kind of manage our activity level with confidence as we go through the year. And we'll certainly remained flexible as we look into next year to see how we can position ourselves for next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Arun the line is yours. 
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. I was wondering if you could help us think about the second half oil production profile for EOG. It looks like your updated guidance points to a slight sequential decline in 3Q. And I just wanted to get some thoughts on to hit if there's still kind of confidence in hitting the midpoint of the oil guidance range because that would imply fourth quarter oil production number in the mid-480s to upper 480s. So help us think about the sequential movement in volumes in the second half of the year?
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun, this is Billy. Yes, I think the thing to keep in mind is we do operate in more than one basin and multiple plays, and we have varying sizes of well packages in each play. So the timing of really the quarter-to-quarter variance in production is really driven by the timing on a quarter-to-quarter basis of how these packages across different plays come online. And even within the quarter, how that varies month-to-month within the quarter can vary -- can drive the volume profile.  And I would remind you, and I just ask you to go back and look at the change from the first quarter to the second quarter, it's actually larger than what you're seeing in the forecast from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. So we would -- we are maintaining ratable activity throughout the year and just as a matter of simply timing on bringing on some of these larger packages. So, so far this year, we've either met or exceeded our volume forecast and have complete confidence in being able to meet the midpoint of our guidance.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Just a follow-up, I wanted to get some thoughts on the Ohio Utica. One of the midstream providers highlighted how they're building out, call it, a backbone in the Utica looks like you may be the anchor E&P for that investment. But I'd love to get some thoughts on the Utica. We did see that you may be pulled your TIL guidance down a little bit this year, but just an update would be helpful.
Lance Terveen: Arun, good morning. This is Lance. Yes, I would say what we're most focused on right now is just getting all the midstream infrastructure in place. So we do have two ongoing projects that are going on. We've got 1 in the north and then another one in the South as well. So what we're really focused on is linking our production to the available processing capacity.  And really, what's happening is it's a consistent strategy that we've done and all are plays, where we're going to have a balance of EOG-owned infrastructure along with strong relationships with really good working third parties. We're going to need both in the Utica Combo up there. And so right now, just focused on setting up 2024 and beyond with the infrastructure.
Ken Boedeker : Yes, Arun, this is Ken. I just want to give you a quick update on the Utica. We're making excellent progress on that program this year. We do plan to bring a 4-well package online this month and our frac crew will be starting up again in a few weeks. So the wells we drilled and completed in 2022, we do continue to deliver our expected performance, and we also continue to add acreage and look for additional low-cost opportunities to add to our position up there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Doug, the line is yours. 
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Ezra, it's a long time since we had to worry about the U.S. growing too quickly and all the whole market share battle issues that we all lived through over the last four, five years with OPEC. But in your opening remarks, you did talk about Saudi's decision to support the price or extended cuts. So I'm wondering when you sit in the boardroom and you look at what is an artificially high oil price because Saudi is cutting production arguably to support price.  How do you think about what that means for your business, the appropriate level of spending the right allocation of one could call it, windfall cash flow because it's not -- it's an artificially supported price by definition? So I'm just curious how you think about what that means to your business your cash flow is basically being subsidized again by Saudi.
Ezra Yacob: Good morning, Doug, Thanks for the question. This is Ezra. Yes, it's a dynamic environment. We had a large SPR release last year that increased the inventory levels kind of entering this year. And as those have started to come down, now they're going to start all indications that they're going to start coming down significantly faster because OPEC Plus, as I said, it looks like they are going to support their cuts to kind of bring those inventory levels down. So your point is, it's a very interesting one, and it's one we discuss regularly, obviously, and we do different scenarios around.  So in general, what I'd say is, on this year, what we look at is whether it's crude products, gasoline, distillates, either globally or domestically, inventory levels are basically in the lower half of a five-year range. Now that's a choppy five years, like we said, because of 2020 with COVID and then, of course, with 2020 with half of the year being exceptionally low and then half of the year being somewhat artificially higher with the SPR.  Outside of the last month, the last month, we've seen kind of gasoline and distillate demand being just a bit weaker domestically. But otherwise, products demand has really been in line all year with our expectations. Crude demand, has continued to increase, continue to grow. And not only with the high inventory levels that we entered the year with, but really supply, I think, has surprised everybody a little bit to the upside.  And it's not necessarily, as you pointed out, U.S. growth or new barrels, but it's really historically displaced barrels that are back online. And dominantly, what I'm talking about is Venezuela and Iran, and maybe a little bit of -- I think everyone has been a little bit surprised at least we have on the resiliency of the Russian barrels to hit the market.  So we don't forecast those as having a significant longer-term effect. And one thing that we think about when we talk about the spare capacity that's now offline with OPEC Plus is some of that spare capacity is really offsetting the previous spare capacity I just highlighted from Venezuela and Iran. So it is a little bit different from prior years. Ultimately, what we see is the increasing oil demand overall exiting this year, most estimates have it at least at 102 to exit the year, which would put us at a significantly high point.  Now to your ultimate question on how we actually look at that internally, our planning begins with everything we just talked about kind of an evaluation of the macro environment with respect to supply and demand fundamentals, including spare capacity that's off-line just by choice and spare capacity that's offline for true geopolitical reasons. But then more than that, Doug, it really does come down to evaluating across all of our premium assets both individually and collectively, we evaluate the correct investment level for each of those, the activity levels to make sure that each asset will deliver improved metrics year-over-year.  And ultimately, that will be driving optimized returns and free cash flow generation at the corporate level, and that's what will continue to set up EOG to create shareholder value in the near and long term. Honestly, the growth ends up being a real output of our ability to invest and continue to lower the cost basis of the company and provide both near-term and future free cash flow generation.
Doug Leggate: An interesting dilemma. Ezra, thank you for your perspectives on that. A quick follow-up, hopefully, is a quick one. I wanted to touch on, I think this was asked earlier, but I wanted to elaborate just a little bit. The comments about inflation limiting to 10% this year, but it's too early to talk about 2024. You're pretty much the second to last company to have your earnings call this quarter. And pretty much everybody else has been pointing to, yes, we're going to see some deflation in 2024. I'm just -- are you just being conservative, or do you genuinely believe that there's still upside risk to capital in '24 from inflation, I mean.
Billy Helms: No, Doug, I don't think we are anticipating that you'll see inflation into next year. I think what the comment was when we started out the year let me just clarify something. We saw inflation last year coming in the business. Rig counts kind of peaked in November of last year. We anticipated we would see a deflation in the market going into this year. And so we built our plan based on the fact that our well cost in 2023 would increase no more than 10% relative to 2022. So that's where the 10% comment comes from.  As we go into '24, I think we recognize and clearly, we're seeing deflation in our business. I'd say it's too early to predict what that level of deflation is going to do to our well cost next year. There's still a lot of market dynamics that we see in the business as Ezra just went through. And so it's early to predict what that impact that's going to have on next year's capital program as well as kind of how we choose to develop our plays across the different plays that we have to invest in. So that's the comment about too early for next year. It's just too early with the market dynamics we have for next year.
Operator: Next question comes from Leo Mariani of ROTH Capital Partners. Leo, please go ahead. 
Leo Mariani: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to kind of touch base on some of the emerging plays, really thinking about kind of Utica and PRB. And also some of the undisclosed exploratory plays out there as well. Just trying to get a sense if generally speaking, you've seen any increased competition in these plays during the course of 2023. I mean it still seems like EOG being a bit of a lone wolf in pursuing some of these plays where others maybe aren't doing as much, but maybe there's more kind of going on behind the scenes that you guys can help out with here.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this is Ezra. Yes, we continue to see very limited competition domestically on any exploration, I think, and you can kind of see that to just in the public comments that are made. Most operators, companies, whether private or public, have really kind of picked the basin and are honing in on more of a drill down kind of specialist manufacturing mode. We continue to explore. And as Ken said, we're still looking to put on low-cost, high-quality bolt-on opportunities in some of those plays.  With respect to the Utica and PRB in specific. It's a little bit early this year on Utica. We're pleased with what we're seeing on the operations side. And as Ken said, we'll get a completion spread in there and get some results here coming up. On the PRB, we've had a very strong year. Everything has really fallen in the line there. And again, the PRB in Dorado are really benefiting from more of a continuous operations program this year as we focus on Austin Chalk and a little bit of co-development in the Eagle Ford and Dorado, and then we center most of our focus in the PRB in the Southern PRB is basically on the Mowry this year.  And then shifting to international for just a minute on the exploration side. As you guys know, we both explore onshore and offshore and shallow water internationally. I would say onshore, there's still limited competition on the exploration side for unconventionals in what we see. Of course, it's still a high bar that we have for international opportunities to -- they really do need to compete with our domestic portfolio.  We're not just exploring internationally to try and say that we've got something internationally, it really needs to compete and deliver value for the shareholders. And then in the shallow water, probably a bit of the same, maybe a little bit more exploration out there. But dominantly, I think what you're hearing about in in offshore international exploration is a bit more in the deep and even ultra-deepwater and really in the shallow water that we're focused on.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Appreciate that. Just wanted to turn to CapEx for a minute here. You talked about this a little bit in your prepared comments, but you guys are kind of at 50% of the budget in the first half kind of right on where you expected here. Looking at guidance, third quarter CapEx is up a fair bit versus second quarter. So do we expect to see kind of a commensurate drop in 4Q capital to kind of get you back to that kind of midpoint on the full year? Just trying to get a sense of kind of CapEx cadence in the second half?
Billy Helms: Yes, Lee, this is Billy. So on the CapEx, I'd say our drilling and completion activity has been very ratable throughout the year, and we're pretty much on track with what our plan has laid out. The reason third quarter is up is simply due to the timing of our non-drilling and completion capital, and it moved from the second quarter into the second half of the year. Everything else, all of our drilling and completion CapEx is really on pace with what we laid out.  We've spent about half the CapEx for the year, and we've completed about half the wells that we're planning for the year. So I'd say everything is pretty much on track. But fourth quarter will be a reflection of how that non-D&C non-drilling and completion CapEx gets spent in the third.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber of Citigroup. Scott, the line is yours. 
Scott Gruber : Thanks. And good morning. I'll just go ahead and ask two questions up front here since they're related you guys know to continue the efficiency gains in the emerging plays. What are you seeing in terms of efficiency gains more broadly across the portfolio? Obviously, the gains are always greatest in the new plays, but I'm curious if you're still seeing solid gains more broadly across the portfolio. And if you are, without adding rigs and frac crews next year, just curious how much the overall well count could potentially grow next year just on the back of those efficiency gains? Is that a kind of low single-digit type figure potentially a mid-single-digit figure?
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott, this is Billy. We're still seeing continued improvements, although as you noted, at a lesser pace than our more active foundational plays like the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford, simply because we've been active there for a long period of time. And as you noted, the emerging plays benefit from that transfer of technology more rapidly, I guess, than some of the existing plays.  And really, I'd just like to tie that back in a little bit. We still experiment quite a bit with applying technology across all of our assets and especially true of our foundational plays, the efforts we've gone to, to put in our data systems and track data across our plays gives us a lot of insights on how to -- how things are performing. That goes back to our bringing in-house our drilling tools, our drilling motors, those kind of things. So we still see improvements in some of our supplemental deck in the back, you can see some of the increase in drilling times say, in our Permian program, and how that's improved over time, and we continue to drive that down.  And so that's an effort there. And then the same for the Eagle Ford, I think those are some of the spots in the back of our deck. So we're still seeing improvements in both the drilling times and the completed lateral feet per day, and we're very encouraged with that because that enables the technology transfer enables quickly to go to the emerging plays and continue to reduce our cost. How that translates into next year.  Again, I'd say we're still a little bit early to see how things are going to play out on the macro side, depending on what the market looks like. So it's early to see, but I'm encouraged with the efficiency gains that we're seeing that we'll continue to find sustainable ways to improve our business and lower our cost basis going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derrick Whitfield of Stifel. Derrick, please go ahead. 
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning, all. For my first question, I wanted to focus on long lateral development, which has been seen throughout Q2 and its development you're highlighting in the Eagle Ford with an over 15,000-foot lateral this quarter. As it relates to the Eagle Ford and perhaps more broadly for your portfolio, are there considerations beyond lease geometry and legacy development that would limit your ability to pursue more 15,000-foot laterals?
Ken Boedeker : Yes, Derrick, this is Ken. Really, longer laterals are a way we're increasing our capital efficiency in the Eagle Ford. If you look at it, we've drilled over 85 wells with laterals over 2.5 miles long across the Eagle Ford. And we've utilized these longer laterals over the last five-plus years, where appropriate.  You think about it, the faulting across the Eagle Ford does make these longer laterals challenging, but our data-driven approach and multidisciplinary teams enable us to steer the laterals within some narrow target windows and apply an optimal completion design to maximize that capital efficiency. These longer laterals have really contributed to us lowering our cost basis in the Eagle Ford and are an example of how we're focused on increasing our efficiencies even in that play where we've been developing it for over 10 years.
Billy Helms: Yes, Derrick, this is Billy. I just might add, the lessons we're learning from our longer laterals, we're pushing in the Eagle Ford, we're applying across all of our portfolio. And so we're seeing those opportunities across every asset that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead. 
Neil Mehta : Thanks very much. The first question is just around Dorado. Maybe you could talk about how that's tracking versus your target. How do you think about the timing of recompleting those Dorado wells?
Ken Boedeker : Yes, Neil, this is Ken. As far as the way that's tracking, the five wells that we've deferred, we would see that we'd be completing those early in next year. And it's still early in the play and the wells in our core area are really performing as we've anticipated.
Neil Mehta: Timing dynamic. And then would love your perspective stepping back to talk about the M&A market. We've seen a pickup in consolidation throughout U.S. shale. How do you think of EOG's role in future consolidation? And is the best strategy given the exploration program that we've been talking about here is to continue organically to grow the business? Or do you think there are going to be opportunities [indiscernible] to bolt-on?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra. I think we've been 30 years strong as an organic exploration company, 20 years separated there. And I think that's -- the thing about that is the way we look at these deals is that it's similar to how I described every investment decision is, it's a returns-based decision, and how is that investment going to create long-term shareholder value. We don't think of M&A versus exploration. But as a first mover, looking -- trying to capture the sweet spots of new plays, obviously, you can get a lower cost of entry and that offers a higher return. So the exploration, I think, organic exploration stands on itself.  With regards specifically to M&As, we're aware of opportunities. We evaluate many, many opportunities. And the challenge with it always comes back to, is that opportunity really going to be additive to the corporate portfolio? Is it really going to be something that we -- is better than what we're already drilling is it's something that's going to add to the returns and add to the 10 billion barrels of equivalents that we've already captured as premium resources. And we continue just to evaluate opportunities, but kind of come up short with that evaluation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Roger please go ahead.
Roger Read : Good morning. I'd like to come back to two things that have been discussed a little bit. One, Ezra, just you talked about the low carbon advantage or the emissions advantage of Dorado. I was wondering if you could go in a little more depth on specifically what you see there. And then my other question will be on the inflation side. With oil at 80, 85 right now, aren't we sitting in a situation where inflation pressures might be reversing rather than behind us? And if that's not the right way to look at it, I'd be curious what you are seeing that says deflation is the right track here.
Ken Boedeker : Yes, Roger, this is Ken. I'll go ahead and answer the first part of that with Dorado. We're really confident that our gas production at Dorado generates significant returns and that development will be both operationally efficient and have a small emissions footprint because of the dry nature of the gas and really the proximity of that gas to the Gulf Coast markets.
Billy Helms: Yes, Roger, this is Billy. On the inflation question, I think you're spot on. I think that's why we're saying, certainly, we see deflation in the market today, but it's too early to think about 2024 because of the dynamic markets that we're seeing play out. And we're kind of be patient and watch the market and see how it develops before we make any comments about where cost would go in 2024. I think as a company, we're certainly well positioned to take advantage of any opportunities that are presented in our strategy about contracting and seeking out the highest-performing crews are things that drive really our focus on sustainable cost improvements through the long term, and that's really what drives our advantage over trying to capture the premium barrel, premium price for all of our products.
Operator: We have no further questions on the phone line. So I'll hand back to Mr. Yacob.
Ezra Yacob: We appreciate everyone's time today on the phone call. Thank you to our shareholders for their support, and I just want to give a special thanks to our employees for delivering another exceptional quarter. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for joining. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources First Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures can be found on EOG’s website. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor Relations. Here is Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Strong first quarter execution from every operating team across our multi-basin portfolio has positioned the company to deliver exceptional results in 2023. Production, CapEx, cash operating costs and DD&A all beat targets, which underpinned our excellent financial performance during the first quarter. We earned $1.6 billion of adjusted net income and generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow. Free cash flow helped fund year-to-date cash return to shareholders of $1.4 billion through a combination of regular and special dividends, and share repurchases executed during the first quarter. Combined with our full year regular dividend, we have committed to return $2.8 billion to shareholders in 2023 or about 50% of our estimated 2023 free cash flow assuming an $80 oil price. We are well on our way to achieve our target minimum return of 60% of annual free cash flow to shareholders. Our first quarter results demonstrate the value of EOG’s multi-basin portfolio. We have decades of low cost, high return inventory that spans oil, combo and dry natural gas basins throughout the country. Our portfolio includes the Delaware Basin, which remains the largest area of activity in the company and is delivering exceptional returns. After more than a decade of high return drilling, our Eagle Ford asset continues to deliver top tier results while operating at a steady pace. And beyond these core foundational assets, we continue to invest in our emerging Powder River Basin, Ohio Utica Combo and South Texas Dorado plays, which contribute to EOG’s financial performance today, while also laying the groundwork for years of future high return investment. Our portfolio provides flexibility to invest with discipline and develop each asset at a pace that allows it to get better. It provides optionality to actively manage our investments to minimize impacts from inflation. Diversity of our investment portfolio also translates to diverse sales market options, enabling us to pursue the highest netbacks. Our shift to premium drilling several years ago has helped to decouple EOG’s performance from short-term swings in the market. The result is an ability to deliver consistent, operational and financial performance that our shareholders have come to expect and that drives long-term value through the cycle. Recession risk and the near-term demand outlook for oil continues to drive volatility of prices month-to-month. However, our outlook remains positive, inventory levels currently near the five-year average are reducing as we progress through the year, global demand continues to increase and is forecast to reach record levels by year-end and new supply has moderated from pre-pandemic levels of growth. Longer term, with the reduced investment in upstream projects the last several years, we remain constructive on future pricing. For North American gas, near-term prices reflect high inventory levels due to this year’s warm winter and reduced LNG demand during repairs at Freeport. As such, we are currently evaluating options to delay some activity at Dorado. The medium- and long-term outlook for natural gas, however, continues to strengthen. Currently, U.S. LNG demand is at record levels, with an additional 7 Bcf a day capacity under construction or through FID with expected startup between 2024 to 2027 that should position the U.S. as a leader in the global LNG market. Our confidence in the outlook for our business is demonstrated by our capital allocation decisions in the first quarter. Disciplined reinvestment in our high return inventory continues to lower our breakeven and expand the free cash flow potential of EOG. We strengthened our balance sheet by retiring debt, paid out nearly 100% of free cash flow in regular and special dividends, and we utilized our repurchase authorization to buy back $310 million worth of stock late in the quarter during a significant market dislocation. I am confident EOG has the assets, the technology and the people to deliver both return on capital and return of capital for years to come. In a moment, Billy will discuss why we believe our foundational assets in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford will provide higher returns, margins and free cash flow in the years ahead, and why we remain excited about the progress we are making in our emerging assets, Powder River Basin, Ohio Utica Combo and South Texas Dorado. But first, here’s Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. EOG generated outstanding financial performance in the first quarter. We produced $1.6 billion of adjusted net income or $2.69 per share and $1.1 billion of free cash flow. Timing differences associated with working capital accounted for an additional $661 million of cash inflow in the quarter. Our outstanding financial results were driven by strong operating performance. Compared with the prior year, first quarter production volumes increased 2% for oil and 7% overall. We mitigated most of the inflationary headwinds to limit the increase to per unit cash operating costs to just 3% or $10.59 per BOE, which was more than offset by a 12% decline in the DD&A rate. Capital expenditures in the quarter of $1.5 billion came in $100 million below target. Our longstanding free cash flow priorities and cash return framework remain consistent. Our priorities are sustainable regular dividend growth, a pristine balance sheet, additional cash return options and low cost property bolt-ons. We are committed to return a minimum of 60% of the annual free cash flow to shareholders through our sustainable regular dividend, special dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. We believe the consistent application of our free cash flow priorities and transparent cash return framework positions the company to create long-term shareholder value through the cycle. In March, we strengthened the balance sheet by paying off a $1.25 billion bond at maturity with cash on hand leaving $3.8 billion of debt on the balance sheet. The next maturity is a $500 million bond due April 2025. Cash at the end of the quarter was $5 billion, yielding a net cash position of $1.2 billion, up $300 million from December 31. Yesterday, our Board declared a second regular dividend of $0.825 per share, the same as last quarter and a 10% increase from the prior year level. The $3.30 annual rate is a $1.9 billion annual commitment. On March 30, we also paid the $1 per share special dividend declared in February. EOG also repurchased $310 million of stock in the first quarter at an average price of $105 per share. For several days during the last two weeks of March, market volatility created a significant dislocation between the price of our stock and the value of the business. We were able to utilize our strong balance sheet to repurchase shares at highly accretive prices. We will continue to monitor the price and value of our stock and you should expect us to step into the market again when there are significant dislocations. We are off to a very strong start in 2023 to deliver on our full year cash return commitment of a minimum of 60% of annual free cash flow. Altogether, the full year regular dividend along with the first quarter special dividend and buyback, represents $2.8 billion of cash return, which is about 50% of the $5.5 billion of free cash flow we forecast for 2023 assuming an $80 oil price. We will continue to monitor oil and gas prices going forward and we remain committed to delivering on our cash return commitment and look forward to updating you over the rest of the year. Here’s Billy to discuss operations.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. EOG’s operating performance continues to improve with the first quarter generating outstanding results. Our first quarter volume, capital expenditures and total per unit cash operating cost performance came in better than our forecasted targets. I’d like to thank our employees for their dedication and outstanding execution, giving us a great start to 2023. Our full year 2023 capital and production plans are unchanged. We forecast a $6 billion capital program to deliver 3% oil volume growth and 9% total production growth. We maintained the pace of activity from the fourth quarter of last year in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford. Our core foundational plays and continue to expand development in our emerging Powder River Basin, Ohio Utica combo and South Texas Dorado plays. Well productivity and cost performance are meeting or beating expectations across our portfolio as each play sustains sufficient activity to support continued innovation. As Ezra mentioned, our foundational assets in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford are performing exceptionally well and were a big part of our overall strong first quarter results. Sustaining a consistent level of activity in these core plays is driving operational improvements and continues to be one of the primary hedges to offset areas of cost inflation. We are excited about the outlook for these assets in the years ahead. Even as these assets mature, we can apply technical learnings, operational innovation and leverage prior infrastructure investments to continue to improve the operating margin and capital efficiencies of these world-class assets. In the Delaware Basin, we expect well performance will continue to improve this year, delivering productivity and returns well above the premium hurdle rate. Last year, our Delaware Wolfcamp wells delivered an average six-month cumulative production of about 34 barrels of oil equivalent per foot and are expected to improve this year. See slide 10 of our updated investor presentation for details. While well mix can impact the relative contribution of oil, NGLs and natural gas, overall performance is improving in large part due to continued innovations like our new completion design. We have now tested 39 wells in the Wolfcamp that are yielding an average increase of 22% in the first year production, with a 20% uplift in the estimated ultimate recovery compared to the similar wells and targets using our previous completion design. With these encouraging results, we now expect to deploy this new design on about 70 wells this year. This new design is continuing to show promise, as we expand the number of wells and test the design across different targets and basins. Operationally, maintaining a consistent level of activity in the Delaware Basin, combined with our culture of continuous improvement is generating noticeable results. Drilling times continue to improve and are generating peer-leading performance aided by our drilling motor program and high-performing staff. The amount of footage drilled per motor run improved by 11% in the first quarter as compared to last year. Similar progress is being achieved with our completion operations with the expansion of our super zipper technique. These efforts, combined with the opportunities that co-developed multiple targets in the stacked pay resource by using our existing surface footprint and an infrastructure are expected to drive significant efficiency gains and continue to improve our margins in the Delaware Basin for years to come. The first -- we first introduced the super zipper completion technique in the Eagle Ford in 2020. Since then, we have expanded its use throughout the play and have more than doubled completions efficiency as measured by completed lateral feet per day. As indicated on page 12 of our quarterly investor slides, the amount of lateral completed per day year-to-date has increased by another 18% compared to last year. In the first quarter, we also set a record in the Eagle Ford, drilling our longest well to-date, reaching a measure depth of nearly 26,500 feet with a lateral length of over 15,500 feet. We expect to continue to see completion efficiency improvements as we extend laterals in the Eagle Ford to 3-plus miles where feasible. As a core operating area that has been under development for more than a decade, the Eagle Ford also benefits from our existing infrastructure from over 3,700 producing wells. Leveraging existing investments made in strategic water, oil and gas infrastructure minimizes future CapEx needs and lowers operating costs. Ongoing improvements to completion operations and leveraging the benefit of existing infrastructure, enable our Eagle Ford finding and development costs to continue to decline. Last year, the Eagle Ford’s rate of return was the highest in the plays history. Longer term, we have over a decade of drilling inventory in the Eagle Ford, allowing us to maintain the current production base, while generating high returns and lowering breakevens. As previously mentioned, we are maintaining activity in our core plays and progressing our newer emerging plays. This year’s plan in Dorado contemplates eight additional wells completed compared to 2022 in order to achieve a consistent level of activity to drive performance improvements. Our drilling operations are realizing a 29% improvement in the footage drilled per day since 2021. Completion operations will be conducted on a few wells in the second quarter. However, we are evaluating options to delay additional completions originally scheduled later this year due to the current natural gas price environment. To-date, operational progress towards improvements and Dorado’s well performance is meeting or exceeding our early expectations. Activity in the Utica combo play is just commencing, yet we are already witnessing the compounding effects of sharing technology across our multiple plays. For example, drilling performance for recent wells is improving on the order of 20% to 30% compared to last year’s results with the benefit of our proprietary drilling motor program and precision targeting. We expect similar levels of improvement from our completion program once we begin completing wells in the third quarter. Now for a little color on inflation and industry service costs. As we had anticipated in building this year’s plan, the upward inflationary pressure that we witnessed last year appears to have plateaued, which still leaves us confident that our average well cost should increase no more than 10% compared to last year. Early indicators are showing signs of service cost moderation, which is more prevalent in some basins and less than others. We would expect that any softening of service and tubular costs will be slow to manifest into lower well cost and cash operating costs until much later in the year or more likely in 2024. As the year unfolds, we will continue to look for opportunities to leverage our scale and the flexibility of our multi-basin portfolio to manage costs across all operating areas. We also remain highly focused on sustainable cost reductions through innovation, operational performance and execution improvements to mitigate inflation and further drive down our cost structure. Now I will turn it back to Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Billy. In conclusion, I’d like to note the following important takeaways. First, strong execution from every operating team across our multi-basin portfolio has positioned the company to deliver exceptional results in 2023. Thanks goes to our employees for delivering a great first quarter with their outstanding execution. Second, our foundational assets in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford are performing exceptionally well and were a significant part of our first quarter results. Third, our first quarter performance demonstrates the value of EOG’s multi-basin portfolio. We have decades of low cost, high return inventory that spans oil combo and dry natural gas basins throughout the country. And fourth, our long-term outlook for both oil and gas remains positive, and our shift to premium drilling several years ago has helped decouple EOG’s performance from short-term swings in the market. The result is an ability to deliver consistent, operational and financial performance that our shareholders have come to expect and that drives long-term value through the cycle. Thanks for listening. We will now go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Paul, your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Two questions, please. I think the first one is probably for Billy. You talked about the Permian, the good well productivity. Just can you give us a little bit more detail in terms of the test size you have doing over there and whether you have increasing it, especially if you start to do more co-development and how many different landing zones or that you are targeting in your program? And second one that, just curious, I mean, I think, in the last, say, several months, a lot of investor have been asking why that go ahead with the expansion in the Dorado. And I think last quarter in the conference call, management has said, you have looking for the long-term. So just curious that what may have trigger your -- maybe there’s a slightly change in your view about the pace on that development? Thank you.
Billy Helms: Yeah. Paul, this is Billy. Let me give you a little highlight maybe of the Permian program and what we are seeing there. And then I will probably ask Jeff to give some more detailed color to help explain some of the improvements we are seeing. Overall, we are very pleased with the progress our Permian plans are showing. In general, our results are playing out just as we anticipated. In our plans, we had planned - all of our type curves are modeled and forecasted, and the results are meeting or exceeding our forecasted results including the co-development of different targets at the same time. But I’d like to go ahead and turn it over now to Jeff to maybe talk a little bit about the new completion design and the results that we are seeing and then some of the productivity improvements.
Jeff Leitzell: Yeah. Thanks, Billy. Paul, this is Jeff. Yeah. We’re extremely happy with our productivity out of the Delaware. And just to give you a little color, one of the big things that’s really improving that is our new completions design, or I should say, kind of our improved completion design. So, as Billy stated to date, we’ve tested around 39 wells in the Wolfcamp and we are seeing an uplift of about 20% or so in the well productivity and that’s in both the early and late life performance of that. I will also note that the uplift, we are not just seeing that in one phase. We’re seeing both in oil and gas, so kind of across the Board. So with these outstanding results, what we have done is we have really expanded this program and we’re planning on completing about 70 additional wells in the Wolfcamp this year. So going to be about a 2.5 times increase from last year and we definitely went ahead and taken this into account, both our drilling plans and guidance for 2023. So looking forward with this design, we’ve had a lot of success in our deeper formations. Our team really plans to continue to kind of test in some of the shallower formations to evaluate its benefits. One thing that we have observed with this design is that there’s varying performance uplift depending on the rock type and the depth of the target. And the design does come with a little bit of a cost increase, so we just want to be mindful about how quickly we’re testing it and be strategic at the pace that we’re going ahead and put these in the ground. Also, I’d like to point out that the design isn’t really new to EOG. It was actually first tested down in our Eagle Ford asset. And this is just an example of the technology transfer in the company of our multi-basin operations. It’s really helped us accelerate our learnings throughout the company. And then lastly, with the success that we have seen in the Delaware Basin, we’re actively testing it in all of our emerging places throughout the company and really look forward to evaluating those results throughout the year.
Billy Helms: And then, Paul, the other part of your question was on Dorado and really what triggered the change of pace that we have thinking about. We put together a plan originally just to remind everybody that really, it was not a huge acceleration in activity planned for. We’re only adding eight wells. So the plan never contemplated a huge amount of growth in the -- in Dorado to start with. However, we always remain flexible on our program and with -- that’s the benefit of having a multi-basin portfolio as we can move activity around based on market conditions or other factors as they present themselves. Naturally, with gas prices remaining weak and moving into the year, it’s only natural to think about options that we might be able to explore with Dorado activity. We are exploring the option to delay some completions that were scheduled for later in the year and we will give more color on that as that unfolds.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Cheng. The next question is from the line of Leo Mariani with ROTH Capital Partners. Leo, your line is now open.
Leo Mariani: Yeah. Hi. Just wanted to follow-up a little bit on the buyback versus the special dividend. Obviously, there was no new special dividend, I guess, announced this quarter instead, you got certainly lean on the buyback as you described in March. I just wanted to kind of confirm your thinking around this. I mean it still sounds like the buyback is going to be reserved only for kind of very opportunistic situations, where there is this dislocation. And generally speaking, it’s probably more reasonable to expect the special going forward with the buyback kind of maybe every once in a while, is that kind of how to think about it?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Leo, this is Ezra Yacob. Good morning. I think that’s -- I think you have summarized it pretty well. Our strategy hasn’t really changed. We are committed to returning at least 60% of our free cash flow on an annual basis. Year-to-date, as Tim had mentioned, our cash return commitment is $2.8 billion. It’s approximately 50% of our -- what would be our fiscal year free cash flow at the assumed $80 oil price there. And just to recall, the cash return priorities for us, it really begins with the regular dividend as the first priority. The excess free cash flow, as you said, will either come back in the form of special dividends, which we have paid seven quarters of the last eight quarters, we have distributed a special dividend or opportunistic buybacks. And what we saw in the first quarter when we executed a repurchase was, we really saw a dislocation dominantly associated with the banking crisis and we were able to step in to repurchase approximately $300 million of the stock. So, as you pointed out, really in line with our strategy. Now what I would say has changed over the last 18 months since putting the repurchase authorization in place is really the strength of our company. Our primary value proposition, of course, is investing in high return projects, adding lower cost reserves to our company’s profile, which thereby reduces our breakevens and expands our margins. And so as we continue to execute on this strategy and we continue to strengthen the company, the way we consider dislocations certainly evolves as well.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That’s helpful. And I just wanted to see if there’s any more of a robust update on the Utica. I think the last time you guys kind of rolled that out. I think you had four wells on production with a fair bit of history. Just trying to get a sense of the more wells producing at this point in time in the Utica and just any thoughts around some of the long-term performance of those prior wells have been on for, I guess, over a year at this point?
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. Leo, this is Ken. We’re making excellent progress on our Utica program this year. We currently have a drilling rig actively operating in our northern area and we’re progressing nicely on our gathering and infrastructure projects. The four wells that you talked about that we drilled and completed in 2022 really do continue to deliver our expected performance and we plan to drill and complete about 15 wells across both our North and Southern areas this year and we will have those production results more towards the end of the year. Another thing to note is we also continue to add acreage and look for additional low-cost opportunities to add to our position.
Operator: Thank you, Leo. The next question is from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning and congrats on the quarter. Ezra, maybe if I could pivot back on the buyback conversation and if you can give us some color on, what were the key triggers on the decision to do buybacks? Was it relative valuation of EOG to peers, was it just the aggregate move or is there other things like intrinsic value assessments that kind of generated that process to really kick it off there?
Ezra Yacob: Good morning, Scott. Yes. This is Ezra. Those are all accurate to the tune of how we kind of look at these opportunities. As we have talked about in the past, it kind of begins with the macro, first of all, right? What’s happening on both global and domestic supply and demand balances. As far as dislocations go, we do measure, we look at the intrinsic value of our business relative to different pricing scenarios, both short- and long-term. And we do evaluate trading multiples, not just at EOG versus the peers, but actually for the entire peer group and see what’s happening. And so one comparison that could be made is the dramatic sell-off that the industry saw last summer, which was associated with a pretty dramatic pullback in oil prices, that was really fundamentally supported by a change we felt in the macro outlook. There was a significant announcement there for roughly 300 million barrels of petroleum reserves that would be hitting the market on the supply side from across the globe. What we saw in the first quarter was not really supported by a big change in the forecast on the fundamentals. Potentially really just triggered from the banking crisis, potentially an increased fear on the demand side from increased recession, but we really feel like most of that has already been priced in to the market on the demand side. And so when we saw a pullback there in a dislocation with the market, really again associated in late March there with the banking crisis. We really didn’t hesitate and we have able to step into the market and do that $300 million share repurchase and we think we have really created a significant amount of value there for the shareholders.
Scott Hanold: That’s great. Thanks for that. And as my follow-up, one of the things I think tends to get lost or is underappreciated is the premium pricing you all continue to get on your commodities across the Board. And can you just give us a sense of -- as you kind of look forward, do you find more opportunities ahead where you can continue to raise the bar on that as well?
Lance Terveen: Hey, Scott. Good morning. This is Lance. Thanks for the question. Yeah. The -- our realizations continue to be excellent, and I mean, when we think about it, it’s really just the capability that we have. When you think about the multi-basins that we have, but just our transport position and then the capacity that we have taken out. You hear us talk a lot about control and having control all the way to the water is exceptionally important. So I would just say, as you think about our position and the price realizations too and then extracting additional premiums, I think, our ability to just transact very quickly and with the supply, the scale that we have, I mean, we can definitely walk in with further opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. I want to circle back on the Wolfcamp development strategy. After looking at slide 10 here in the deck, last year you layered in more Wolfcamp M wells. But this year, the percentage of Wolfcamp M will be slowing back down some. Is that impacted by where you will develop and deploy the new completion design or is that a reflection tend to be more selective with where you co-develop the Wolfcamp M, just what guidance shift in mix?
Jeff Leitzell: Yeah. Scott, this is Jeff. Really with the -- our co-development strategy, it’s pretty straightforward, and what we have trying to do is, we have just adding in high rate of return targets to our well packages. And really it’s driven by the geology, and obviously, the geology across our acreage, it changes very quickly. So kind of from development unit to development unit, we have really got to strategically dissect what our strategy is going to be there. But from what we have seeing right now, and you can see that on slide 10 and 11 in our deck, by adding in some of those deeper targets in the lower Wolfcamp, or I should say, the lower Upper Wolfcamp and then the middle, we have achieving economics well over our premium hurdle rates and we have some of the tightest co-develop pacing out there in the basin. So ultimately, just this approach, I mean, it’s improving our total recovery per acre, helping optimize that NPV of the resource and it’s just adding those barrels finding costs below our current Delaware Basin levels.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then maybe just one for some more color on the new completion design. You said it was initially developed and rolled out the Eagle Ford. Did it become a dominant design in the Eagle Ford and will it become the dominant design in the Permian and how quickly it can be rolled out to some of your new plays?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Scott, great question. So, yeah, the design, as I talked about, it was first utilized in the Eagle Ford. It was back in -- right around 2016 and we didn’t see the same uplift that we see in the Permian. It wasn’t quite as extensive, but it really has to do with the difference in rock type and their geological properties between the two plays. But it did provide the application, we are really beneficial as far as helping lower well costs and reduce our completion time. So, yes, it is something that we still do employ there in the Eagle Ford, and as I said, in a lot of our emerging plays. As far as in the Delaware and our rollout, our plan is to increase, as I said, the year-over-year number by 2.5 times what we did last year. And I also did state, there’s just a slight cost increase, so we want to be cognizant of how quickly we roll it out and like anything in our program, we just don’t want to outrun our learnings and we want to make sure that we continue to evolve this technique as we learn.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Derrick Whitfield with Stifel. Derrick, please go ahead.
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning, all, and thanks for taking my questions. With my first question, I wanted to focus on CapEx cadence throughout 2023. With Q1 coming in better than expected in Q2 projected to be heavier than expected. Could you comment on the one to two drivers, and separately, if not part of the answer, could you speak to cadence on non-D&C investments throughout 2023?
Billy Helms: Yeah. Derek, this is Billy Helms. So, yeah, the second quarter CapEx has gotten to be a little bit higher than the first quarter and it’s mainly due to some non-drilling and completion capital, the indirect or infrastructure and those kind of things that we put in our program that it was recently scheduled to occur at the latter half of the first quarter, it turned out to be pushed into the second quarter. That’s the reason the first quarter under -- was under our own CapEx and the second quarter is a little bit higher. And that really sticks to our original plan, we had always planned for about 52% of our CapEx to be spent in the first half of the year and so we have still on target for that in the 48% in the back half, so that’s kind of the way the program plays out.
Derrick Whitfield: Great. And with my follow-up, I’d like to focus on your operational efficiency gains in the Eagle Ford. Is your gain principally driven by increased super zipper activity, and if so, are there practical limitations on the amount of completions you could pursue utilizing this approach?
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. Derek, this is Ken. I’d like to start off by really crediting our team there in San Antonio for driving down that finding cost that you talked about. Really by focusing on improving the efficiency of every portion of the process, we have been able to drive down costs over the past several years. And increasing our lateral lengths, while improving targeting and focusing on bit and motor performance in conjunction with the advent of super zipper completion operations have really allowed us to improve efficiencies and really drill and complete more lateral footage in a day compared to a few years ago. That’s really showing up on a lower cost basis. And one thing to note is we do have over 10 years of high-return drilling in this play that can sustain our current production levels and continue to expand our margins.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Doug?
John Abbott: Good morning. This is John Abbott on for Doug Leggate. Our questions -- first our question are really on Dorado. We understand that you have going to potentially delay activity this year. But one of the goals that you set out this year was to try to just begin get greater economies of scale into play. When do you think you need to achieve that size and scale, noting that you have additional LNG capacity coming on, exposure in 2026?
Billy Helms: Yeah. John, this is Billy Helms. So for Dorado, yes, we are increasing activity there, mainly from a drilling side. Recently we had planned to also bring in additional completions. On the drilling side, I would add that, we are seeing a tremendous improvement in the efficiency gains there. The team there has done just an excellent job of being able to improve our drilling times, lower our well costs and just increase efficiencies overall. So we have very pleased with the progress we have made and so I think that increased activity we have seeing on the drilling side is playing out what we have seeing on the drilling results and giving us insights into how we can continue to lower well costs going forward. On the completion side, we have some planned activity here in the second quarter. But beyond that, we have looking at ways we can -- with the flexibility we have in our program to delay the completion of any wells that would be on in the second half. And really just thinking about how we can leverage some of the learnings from our other programs in play and combine that activity with the activity we have in Dorado by sharing equipment, people and those learnings across our portfolio. So we don’t really feel the need to jump in and complete those wells, but we are evaluating options as they roll out and we will see how those present themselves. And then as far as the activities for…
John Abbott: I guess…
Billy Helms: …LNG demand, I guess, the play -- the unique thing about this play, it didn’t take a lot of wells. The wells are very prolific. So we have well ahead of any timing that we would need to add LNG capacity in the future. And then we also have the flexibility of moving gas from other operating areas, multi-basin portfolio to the Gulf Coast. So don’t think of the Dorado is just simply applying itself to the LNG market. It’s got the opportunity but looking at gas from other players to the Gulf Coast as well through our marketing arrangements.
John Abbott: That’s extremely helpful, which leads to the next question. Assuming there was not an issue with gas prices, how do you think about the optimal level of production for that play or activity long-term? I mean, how big does it came to get to? How do you think about that program -- that -- from an efficiency program longer term?
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. John, this is Ken.
John Abbott: You can…
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. John, this is Ken. I think the real thing in Dorado is it doesn’t take a lot of wells to generate significant volumes out of that play. So I don’t know the exact right pace. But what we want to do is we want to develop this at the right pace where we don’t outrun our learnings. We have making significant progress as we really get those operational synergies together that Billy talked about and so that pace of development is really going to be dictated by not outrunning our learnings.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist. Neal, please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for the time. My first question, just on the Powder River. I am just wondering I heard too much on that right. I am just wondering how do you still feel this competes versus your other premium players? I know at one time, you suggested you had almost 1,700 locations and I am just wondering your thoughts around this.
Jeff Leitzell: Yeah. Neal, this is Jeff. No. We have outstanding results there in the Powder right now and it’s some of the lowest finding costs that we have seeing there in the whole portfolio. So, yeah, we still have between kind of our full South Powder River Basin and then moving up to our North, about 1,600 net undrilled premium locations. So just looking at our program, everything is on pace this year. The wells are performing as we expected. Q1 we have completed about 15 gross wells, which two-thirds of those were Mowry and we have seeing a lot of benefits also by getting some consistent activity up there in the Powder. We have running a consistent two and -- two to three rigs and one full frac spread with that, which is really allowing them to kind of push their efficiencies. And then we also have a lot of confidence in the play just with the overall performance and stuff with the Mowry. And then from there, as we talked about, we want to go ahead and gather the data in the upper overlying formations like the Niobrara, so we can develop that later in the future. Also, additional confidence in the play, I think, would be really -- should be said is that the infrastructure acquisition that we had. We had noted that in our 10-Q, we acquired Evolution. And I will go ahead and let maybe Lance say a couple of things on that.
Lance Terveen: Yeah. No. Thanks, Jeff. Yeah. Just to add to that, on our confidence when we think about the Powder River Basin, we did make a strategic investment there. That was about $135 million and we view that as a bolt-on acquisition and that’s really midstream footprint. There’s a plant and gathering system that just overlays our southern acreage. The plant is a first-class asset. It was completed in 2019 and when we think about this, it just really complements our existing gas gathering infrastructure build-out as we have connections in place. So we really look at that as value, because we can load that plant, fill the plant very quickly. And there’s also other benefits that we see long-term as well, as we think about just lowering cash operating costs, gathering, processing expense versus third parties, we will have control and redundancy, but then also to the confidence we can expand that very quickly. So…
Neal Dingmann: Was that…
Lance Terveen: … the last thing I just...
Neal Dingmann: Was that plant helped a deeps there as well? I am just wondering would you mention with that plant, would that boost the deeps there a little bit as well?
Lance Terveen: When we think about that, we think about actually the gathering, processing and transportation expense. So it’s absolutely when we think about loading it with our equity gas into that facility and having been control, we have definitely going to see better netbacks. But it’s more as we think about just controlling the cost and lowering the cost basis of the company that’s going to absolutely make the Powder River Basin and the Southern acres they are more competitive.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein. Bob?
Bob Brackett: Good morning. Back to the Wolfcamp co-development. If you have hitting 2-plus targets in the Wolfcamp versus, say, cherry picking the best zone, all things being equal, you would expect wells to get worse, yet you have seeing wells get better. Is that attributable completely to the design change?
Ezra Yacob: No. I’d say it’s attributed to our co-development strategy. I mean it’s -- really, it’s been a process over time. So if you look at back in 2016 in the Wolfcamp or I should say our strategy through the whole Permian, we had six unique targets and kind of fast forward here, we have up to 18 unique targets. Obviously, with that, the spacing has changed both in zone and from a vertical perspective. So our teams have methodically obviously tested this. They have taken into account the actual spacing, how they interact, the depletion to it, and we have come up obviously with the best co-development strategy really to maximize the overall production of those intervals and then obviously maximize the economics related to it.
Bob Brackett: Great. I guess the follow-up would be, so it sounds like the co-development strategy is driven by that desire to maximize the lack of communication between zones or is it more driven by just logistics of having that kit sit in one spot for a longer time?
Ezra Yacob: No. It’s really -- it’s about maximizing the overall resource there, as you said. So we do have the optimal amount of communication that we have actually able to optimize the recovery and then like I said, really maximize those economics.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Arun, please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. I wanted to come back to the new completion design. You highlighted how you have tested this on 39 wells and you plan to go to 70 wells. And my question is, was the 20% uplift relative to wells in the same area or relative to the -- to your type curve? And maybe the follow-up is, are the 70 wells contemplated for this calendar year and was that part of your guidance, did that include that or would that reflect an upside risk to your oil guide?
Billy Helms: Yeah. Arun, this is Billy. So the uplift we have seeing, part of that was actually baked into our guidance. We didn’t bake in the entire amount. So when we put together our plan, we understood that there were going to be some uplift. We did plan on 70 wells to be part of that calendar year program and we have baked in some of that into our production guidance, knowing that we would see some uplift. I think the uplift is surprising us a little bit more to the upside, but I would say that’s already factored into our guidance that we have issued. And then as far as the what we have doing there, we were finding that the target is critical. So the rock type is critical to why it works in some areas and so we have cautiously moving through our program to make sure we test as we go to understand which our targets lend themselves best to this design change and which ones don’t, because it does cost a little bit more and we want to be very disciplined on how we apply that across the fields we maximize as Jeff was saying, the economics of the play.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. And just my follow-up is, any update on Beehive and Australia timing?
Billy Helms: Yeah. Arun, on Beehive, we have still excited to be able to drill that well, but it’s going to be probably in the first half of next year before we have able to get that well drilled. And…
Operator: Thank you.
Billy Helms: …just really due to some timing on permits and those kind of things.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Charles, please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Ezra, Billy, Ken and the whole EOG team there. I think just a couple of quick ones for me touching on some of the common themes that you have already spoken on for a while. The Dorado, evaluating the slowdown, can you give some insight in your thinking? Is this about the natural gas price falling below your 250 [ph] double premium or is this about the contango you see in the curve and just the value of just waiting a few months or is it -- I recognize those aren’t exclusive, but just some insight what really keep you guys to want to examine that?
Billy Helms: Yeah. Charles, this is Billy. Certainly, it really is not triggered on a specific gas price, but just the overall softness we see in the current market conditions and the need to simply bring more gas on in this current condition. As we talk near-term, we understand the near-term softness in the market but longer term, medium and longer term, we have still very bullish on the long-term outlook for gas. So we do look at the different flex -- the flexibility we have in the program and we have evaluating options to be able to successfully push those back in the year. And we have just continue to remain disciplined on our investment to make sure we have maximizing the value to the company over the long-term.
Charles Meade: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just one more quick one on this Wolfcamp completion design. So I got the message, I think, in your last -- your response to the last question, that this is not going to be an across the Board shift that you would want to make. But presumably you have confirmed, I think, you have talking about 16 targets it works and can you give us a sense as we work in a quarter of the targets and maybe upside to half or three quarters or what’s it look like to you guys right now?
Jeff Leitzell: Yeah. This is Jeff again. Yeah. That is correct. It’s not necessarily a one size fits all across. It really does have to do with the geology that we have applying it to. And when looking particularly there in the Permian, we primarily just applied it down in the deeper Wolfcamp targets. So that would basically be just kind of the up or down through the middle in a co-development standpoint. Now we are testing on those shallower targets, but there are quite a few different rock types. So right now, I’d say it’s area by area, and from a percentage basis, you kind of hate to put an actual percentage on it. But right now we have still evaluating that, and it will be a case-by-case basis.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Neil?
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Good morning, team. My question was on the natural gas liquids market where realizations, obviously, have been trending lower. I am just curious on your perspective on what gets NGLs to firm up relative to WTI and what are you seeing real time in the export markets? Thank you.
Lance Terveen: Yeah. Neil, good morning. It’s Lance. Yeah. I think what you have continuing to see absolutely the export positions that are getting built out. I think as you kind of have to think of those kind of as we think about them kind of more on ethane and more in propane. So continuing to see healthy propane exports. We continue to see the build out. That’s a company with that. You have continuing to see the demand as you think about the Far East demand that’s going to be the demand pool for those barrels. So continue to see that there could be some firming up there, kind of maybe more longer term, ethane, obviously, is going to flow a little bit more with gas prices and that’s kind of like what you have seeing today.
Neil Mehta: Great. And then just curious on your guys’ perspective on the gas markets as well. You have talked a little bit about slowing down potentially in terms from a drilling perspective, but how do you see the balances moving from here in a weather normal way over the course of the year?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Neil, this is Ezra. As I stated kind of in the opening remarks, we still remain constructive on kind of the longer term gas story for the U.S. We think that the U.S., especially Dorado being a big piece of it has really captured low cost of gas supply that can really compete on the global scale with the amount of LNG that the U.S. is exporting right now, which is at record levels right now for the U.S. combined with the number of projects that have made it through a financial or a final investment decision and then the additional projects that are still being kind of planned and discussed, the U.S. will be long-term position to be really a global leader in the LNG market. Now gas is always difficult because it is highly volatile when it comes to things like the short-term pricing on weather. And it’s one reason you have heard this morning from both myself, Ken and Billy that the most important thing we look at when we develop Dorado is to really invest in that at the right pace for the long term. We want to make sure that we have not out running our learnings, that we appropriately invest to be able to keep our costs low and at the end of the day, really keep our margins wide. We want to put in the correct infrastructure to keep our low operating costs, because the margins are always pretty skinny on gas and the low-cost producer for gas is going to be able to be exposed to the global market here in the U.S. for the long-term.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS. Josh, please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Maybe just sticking with gas first. You have an unusually wide gap on your differential even after reporting the first quarter results. Can you just talk about how you think that may shape over the course of the year, what you have looking for to come in towards the high end versus the low end there? Thanks.
Lance Terveen: Yeah, Josh. Hey. This is Lance. I believe when we think about our guidance, I think, we were just below the midpoint of the guidance on our realization so from a gas standpoint. And then you have seen kind of our guidance for like the full year and we expect a lot of that’s going to be driven, obviously, we have the diversification that we have with our California exposure. We have -- you can see on our supplemental slide, slide eight, you can obviously see the large exposure that we have into the Gulf Coast and then obviously, our JKM exposure as well. So I think we have going to hold with the existing guidance that we have.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. And then just as far as the shareholder return profile, I know you have been thinking about it from a percentage of free cash flow. But how would you think about it from managing like a cash balance standpoint? You have been over $5 billion now for the past few quarters, including paying down the debt maturity in the first quarter. Is $5 billion, $6 billion the right level of cash for EOG? What level of cash would you not want to get over, because it feels like there are certain periods where you could return over 100% of cash or free cash flow to shareholders if you really want to? Thanks.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Josh. This is Ezra. When we came out with that cash return guidance with a minimum of 60%, we really did just mean that, but it’s a minimum. In fact, last year we returned excess of this 60% free cash flow to our shareholders. And we started with that 60%, because we feel confident on that, especially when we roll in kind of almost a peer-leading regular dividend that we would be able to compete and deliver that through the cycles. So when we think about a specific target for cash on hand, I wouldn’t say that we have a real target. We have spoken about some indicators and things that we strategically think about as far as holding a cash balance. The first, of course, is we like to have a bit of cash on balance just to run the business to make us allow us to stay out of commercial paper, and historically, that’s around about $2 billion kind of depending at what point you are in the cycle. And then in addition to that, we do like to have cash on hand so that we can be strategic and counter cyclically invest in opportunities as they arise, whether that’s at times investing in casing or line pipe or last year we were able to step in and do an acquisition in one of our emerging players there in the Utica, where we actually purchased approximately 130,000 mineral rights. And then lastly, of course, just the stock repurchase, which we exercised here in the first quarter. We have talked about being able to utilize that opportunistically and really part of our strategy, the reason that you can actually step into a dislocated market and have the confidence to do a buyback is that you have got the strength of the balance sheet, which includes cash on hand. That’s really what we have going for and so I think that provides another compelling reason to carry potentially a higher cash balance than the company has historically done.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session for today. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Yacob for any closing or additional remarks.
Ezra Yacob: I just want to thank everyone for participating on the call this morning and I especially want to thank our employees for the outstanding results they delivered in this first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the EOG Resources first quarter 2023 earnings results conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Fourth Quarter Full Year 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, the call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these GAAP measures can be found on EOG's website. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor Relations. Here's Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. EOG's growing portfolio of high-return assets delivered outstanding results in 2022. We earned record return on capital employed of 34% and record adjusted net income of $8.1 billion, generated a record $7.6 billion of free cash flow which funded record cash return to shareholders of $5.1 billion. We increased our regular dividend rate 10% and paid four special dividends, paying out 67% of free cash flow, beating our commitment to return a minimum of 60% of annual free cash flow to shareholders. And we strengthened what was already one of the best balance sheets in the industry, reducing net debt by nearly $800 million. We continue to deliver on our free cash flow priorities this year by declaring an additional special dividend of $1 per share yesterday. Outshining our financial results were achievements made by our operating teams working in a challenging inflationary environment. Credit goes to the innovative and entrepreneurial teams working collaboratively across our multi-basin portfolio. Together, we leveraged the flexibility provided by our decentralized structure to deliver exceptional operational performance. Production volumes, CapEx and per unit operating costs were within guidance set at the start of the year. We offset persistent inflationary pressures that exceeded 20% during the year to limit well cost increases to just 7%. Our exploration teams uncovered a new premium play, the Ohio Utica combo, and advanced two emerging plays, the South Texas Toronto and Southern Powder River Basin. We've progressed several exploration prospects including the Northern Powder River Basin. We expanded our LNG agreement, currently estimated to take effect in 2026 to 720,000 MMBtu per day, which will provide JKM-linked pricing optionality for 420,000 MMBtu per day. Last year, the revenue uplift from our current 140,000 MMBtu per day LNG exposure was more than $600 million net to EOG. Preliminary results indicate that we reduced our GHG intensity and methane emissions percentage, achieving our 2025 targets. And we initiated an expanded deployment of our new continuous methane leak detection system called iSense. Led by the tremendous performance in our Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford plays, our operating performance and financial results in 2022 are a reflection of our asset portfolio and the unique organizational structure in place to support it. Seven teams in North America and one international team operates 16 plays across nine basins. Our decentralized structure empowers each operating team to make decisions in real time at the asset level to maximize value. This differentiates EOG and enables us to consistently execute our strategy and produce outstanding results year after year. Our multi-basin portfolio provides numerous high-return investment opportunities and we remain focused on disciplined investment across each of our assets. In addition to our premium well strategy, in which wells must generate a minimum of 30% direct after-tax rate of return at a flat $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas price for the life of the well, we invest at a pace that allows each asset to improve year-over-year, lowering the cost and expanding the margins generated by each asset. Disciplined investment means more than just expanding margins at the top of the cycle. It means delivering value for the life of the resource and through the commodity price cycle. It's not only developing lower-cost reserves, but also investing strategically to lower the operating cost of these resources, which positions EOG to generate full cycle returns competitive with the broad market. Looking ahead to 2023, EOG is in a better position than ever to deliver value for our shareholders and play a significant role in the long-term future of energy. Our ability to reinvest in the business, deliver disciplined growth, lower our emissions intensity, earn high returns, raise the regular dividend and returned significant cash to shareholders, all while maintaining what we believe is the best balance sheet in the industry is due to our differentiated strategy executed consistently year after year. Now, here's Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. When we established our premium strategy back in 2016, our goal is to reset the cost base of the business to earn economic returns at the bottom of the price cycle. The impact premium has had on the cost basis of the Company and our financial performance has been dramatic. Since 2014, prior to establishing our premium strategy, our DD&A rate has declined 42% and cash operating cost by 23%. Also, in 2014, and under similar oil prices as last year, we earned 15% ROCE. With our lower cost structure, ROCE increased to a record 34% in 2022. We have also reduced net debt last year by $800 million to further strengthen the balance sheet. We view a strong balance sheet as a competitive advantage in a cyclical industry. Our current balance sheet is among the strongest in the energy industry and ranks near the top 20th percentile of the S&P 500 in terms of leverage and liquidity, measured as net debt to EBITDA and cash as a percentage of market cap. We have a $1.25 billion bond maturing in March and intend to pay that off with cash on hand. Our 2023 plan is positioned to generate another year of strong returns. We expect to grow oil volumes by 3% and total production on a BOE basis by 9%. At $80 WTI and $3.25 Henry Hub, we expect to generate about $5.5 billion of free cash flow for nearly 8% yield at the current stock price and produce an ROCE approaching 30%. This attractive financial outlook, along with our strong balance sheet, is what gave us the confidence to declare a $1 per share special dividend to start the year on top of our regular dividend of $0.825 per share. As a reminder, our commitment to return a minimum of 60% of free cash flow considers the full year, not a single quarter in isolation. The special dividend reflects the confidence in our plan and our constructive outlook on oil and gas prices. We will continue to evaluate the amount of cash return as we go through the year with an eye on, once again, meeting or exceeding our full year minimum cash return commitment of 60% of free cash flow. Here's Billy to discuss operations.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. I would like to first thank each of our employees for their accomplishments and execution last year. 2022 was a challenging year, and the commitment and dedication of our employees remain steadfast as they delivered outstanding results. Last year can be characterized as a year of heightened inflation where we witnessed increasing commodity prices, accompanied by higher levels of activity across the industry. The result was a much tighter market for services, labor and supplies. We were able to offset most of this inflation through efficiency gains and capital management across our portfolio to limit well cost increases to just 7%. For the full year, oil production was above the midpoint of guidance, while capital expenditures were $4.6 billion, were only 2% above the original guidance midpoint set at the beginning of the year. Our operating teams working throughout the Company leveraged efficiencies to help offset inflation. This is most evident in our core development plays, which sustain sufficient activities to support continued experimentation and innovation. In the Delaware Basin, we expanded use of our Super Zipper completion technique to increase treated lateral feet per day by 24%. In our Eagle Ford play, the completions team increased completed lateral feet per day by 14% and the amount of sand pump per day per fleet by 27%. Our decentralized operations teams are continually striving to improve performance and share learnings across our portfolio to limit well cost increases. These learnings are then deployed in our emerging opportunity plays. For instance, in the Southern Powder River Basin, Mowry play, the drilling team decreased drilling time by 10% with improved bid and drilling motor performance. In our South Texas Dorado gas play, the operations team reduced drilling time by 12%. Through technical and operational advancements, they promise to continue to drive improvements in 2023. Beyond cost reductions, a new completion design implemented last year in the Delaware Basin is realizing positive improvements in well performance in certain target reservoirs. This new design was tested in 26 wells last year and is yielding as much as an 18% uplift and estimated ultimate recovery. We're also making great progress towards our long-term ESG goals. Our wellhead gas capture rate exceeded 99.9% of the gross gas produced. And preliminary results indicate that we lowered GHG intensity and methane emissions percentages in 2022. We now have approximately 95% of our Delaware Basin production covered by iSense, our continuous methane monitoring technology. Now turning to the 2023 plan. We forecast a $6 billion capital program to deliver 3% oil volume growth and 9% total production growth. We expect total volumes on a Boe basis to grow each quarter through the year. First quarter will show more growth in gas versus oil due to the well mix and timing of several Dorado gas wells that were completed late in the fourth quarter of last year. The plan can be summarized in the following four points. First, drilling rig and frac fleet activity in our core development programs, specifically the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford, will be relatively consistent with the fourth quarter of last year. The longer-term outlook for the Eagle Ford is to maintain the current production base where we have over a decade of continued opportunities to generate high returns and cash flow. After a decade of stellar operational improvements in the Eagle Ford, it has become a highly efficient, high-margin play with existing infrastructure and access to favorable markets. In the Powder River Basin, the plan builds off last year's positive well results and infrastructure installation with an additional 20 Mowry completions. We expect to complete a few additional wells in our emerging Utica play in Ohio as we continue to delineate our acreage position and drill a few wells in the Bakken and DJ Basins. In Dorado, our plan is to achieve an activity level that creates economies of scale and develop a continuous program to allow for innovation that drives improved well performance and cost reductions. This results in a moderate increase in activity, completing about 10 additional wells versus last year. In Trinidad, a drilling rig is now scheduled to arrive in the third quarter, which is about a six-month delay. So, international volumes decreased 60 million cubic feet per day or 10,000 Boes per day versus our earlier estimates. Overall, we increased activity in our emerging plays. The average EOG rig count for the year is expected to increase by about two rigs and one additional frac fleet. Second, we have line of sight to efficiencies that we expect will limit additional inflation pressure on well cost to just 10% versus last year. Year-over-year increases in tubular costs as well as day rates for drilling rigs and frac fleets are the main drivers of the increase. As part of our contracting strategy, we stagger our agreements to secure a base line of services and secure consistent execution. For this year, we have locked in about 55% of our well cost, which is a similar level to previous years. Approximately 45% of our drilling rigs and 65% of our frac fleets needed for the year are covered under term agreements with multiple providers. By maintaining this consistent base of services, we expect to find additional opportunities to drive performance improvements and eliminate downtime, thus potentially providing an opportunity to offset some additional inflation. Third, our 2023 capital program includes additional infrastructure investment. Typically, funding for facilities and other infrastructure projects comprises 15% to 20% of the CapEx budget. And this year, we expect that number to be closer to 20%. In Dorado, we commenced construction late last year on a new 36-inch gas pipeline from the field to the Aqua Dolce sales point near Corpus Christi, Texas. This pipeline will help ensure a long-term takeaway, fully capture the value chain from the wellhead to the market center, help support expanded LNG export price exposures due to come online around 2026 and broaden our direct interstate pipeline capacity to reach markets along the entire Gulf Coast corridor. We're also undertaking smaller infrastructure projects in other areas, like the Utica to lower the long-term unit operating cost. Fourth, we plan -- the plan includes capital that represents the next steps towards our vision of being among the lowest emissions producers of oil and natural gas. Our first CCS project has begun injection and we will continue to explore opportunities to enhance our leadership position in environmentally prudent operations. These projects offer healthy returns while also providing reductions in long-life unit operating cost and lower emissions. EOG remains focused on running the business for the long term, generating high returns through disciplined growth, improving our resource base through organic exploration, improving our environmental footprint and investing in projects that will lower the future cost basis of the Company. I am excited about 2023 and the opportunity it brings for our employees to further improve the Company. Now here's Ken to review year-end reserves and provide an inventory update.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. Our 2022 proved reserve replacement was 244% for finding and development cost of just $5.13 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding revisions due to commodity price changes. Our proved reserve base increased by 490 million barrels of oil equivalent and now totals over 4.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This represents a 13% increase in reserves year-over-year and was achieved organically. In 2022, we also reduced our finding and development costs by 8% compared to the previous year. In fact, over the past five years, we have reduced finding and development costs by nearly 40%. Our permanent shift to premium drilling, combined with our culture of continuous improvement focused on efficiencies driven by innovation, are why our corporate finding costs and DD&A rate continue to decline. We continue to focus on maximizing the long-term value of our acreage. For example, last year, we continued co-development of up to four Wolfcamp targets. The pursuit of secondary targets with wells developed in packages alongside traditional development benches generally have minimal production impact on the primary zone, however, carry a favorable investment profile because they require no additional leasehold investment, are drilled and completed on existing pads and produced into existing facilities and gathering systems. The goal is to deliver low risk, high returns that maximize the cash return potential of our assets. Looking out beyond our current proved reserves, we've identified over 10 billion-barrel equivalents of future resource potential in our existing premium plays with an expected finding cost -- finding and development costs less than our current DD&A rate. When we invest in finding and development costs less than our DD&A rate, we drive the cost basis of the Company down. When we invested high returns, combined with a low finding and development cost, it shows up in the financials as increased return on capital employed. Thanks to the benefits of our decentralized structure and multi-basin organic exploration strategy, our resource base is growing faster than we do it. More importantly, it is getting better. We have over 10 years of double-premium drilling at the current pace, and we are focused on improving the quality of our resource every year through operational innovation, technical improvements and expiration. Now let me turn the call back to Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Ken. In conclusion, I'd like to note the following important takeaways. EOG Resources offers a unique value proposition. First, it begins with our multi-basin portfolio of high-return investment opportunities anchored by the industry's most stringent investment hurdle rate or premium price deck. Second, our disciplined growth strategy optimizes investment to support continuous improvement across our portfolio. Our employees utilize technology and innovation to increase efficiencies and allow EOG to remain a low-cost operator. Third, we are focused on generating both near- and long-term free cash flow to fund a sustainably growing regular dividend, support our commitment to return additional free cash flow to shareholders and maintain a pristine balance sheet to provide optionality through the cycles. Fourth, we are focused on safe operations and improving our environmental footprint across each of our assets, utilizing both existing and internally developed technologies. And finally, it's the EOG employees that make it happen. Our culture is at the core of our value proposition and is our ultimate competitive advantage. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, please. First, Ezra, with Dorado, how is your investment program changed in many of the changing landscape in the natural gas price? I would imagine, at this point, there's more economic to drill for the oil play than the gas play? How that changed your outlook for the next several years on that play? Second question is on the CapEx. Maybe that it seems like you are investing for the future. So what is the sustaining CapEx requirement to maintain a flat production at this point for your program? And also, if we're looking at, say, for the remainder of this year, is there any area that you think we will start to see some softening in the cost and which may not be reflected in your current budget?
Ezra Yacob: Thank you, Paul. This is Ezra. Those are both great questions. So let me start with the first one here on natural gas and what's it looking like right now. You're correct, we've been watching the recent volatility in natural gas, late 2022 and currently associated with the LNG outages and the warm winter that we're experiencing. Our gas growth this next year on the plan, you'll see is about -- at the midpoint is about 240 million cubic feet per day. About 50% of that is coming out of the -- as you mentioned, the associated gas from the Delaware Basin and the other half of it is basically coming out of our Dorado play. Our strategy at Dorado, I'd say, hasn't significantly changed yet. And at this point, we don't really see that it would, barring anything dramatic. And the reason for that is that Dorado always has been kind of a longer-term strategy for us. We've always focused on having moderate investment there to grow into the growing demand center along the Gulf Coast. It's never really been about chasing seasonal demand or aggressively ramping up activities in that play. The U.S., just this year, will have about two Bcf a day of LNG export back online after the disruption's clear. We've got an additional five Bcf a day coming online in kind of the '24, '25 time frame and then potentially another eight Bcf a day still working through financing. And we see this line of sight demand growth is also reflected with the strip price where you see currently, it's moved into contango. So our long-term strategy at Dorado really remains the same. It's investment at a pace where the asset improves each year giving us an ability to drive down both upfront well costs and long-term operating costs, where we can consistently deliver the low cost of supply. This year, as Billy stated, we'll be moving towards a one completion crew program to really capture those efficiencies at Dorado. The first part of your second question, I believe, is on sustaining CapEx. And what I'd say is the sustaining CapEx is a number that we don't necessarily focus on here as an organic growth company. And the reason for that is, even during 2020, we didn't maintain a maintenance capital type of program. We're very dynamic, and we'll grow and we see the ability to invest in our business and the market supports it. And when we don't need to, we can pull back at that time as well. So maintenance CapEx is not necessarily a number that we look at. Now as far as breakevens on our capital program this year, it definitely is up a little bit year-over-year. As Billy mentioned, there's some inflation in there. But also, we're obviously seeing the opportunity to invest in our multi-basin portfolio and increase the CapEx. So, our CapEx program this year is at $44 WTI price with a $3.25 gas price. And I'll maybe hand it over to Billy to give a little bit of color on inflation and where we see it going this year.
Billy Helms: Yes, certainly. On the inflation front, I think it's safe to say that everybody has seen commodity prices falling. We've seen inflation rates have peaked and come down. And so we're seeing a lot of the service costs, at least, have plateaued going into this year. And so, as I mentioned on the call, we've got about 55% of our wealth costs secured through existing contracts with our event. And that leaves us the opportunity to capture any upside that we might see in lower rates going into the year. So we're sitting in a fairly good position. I think we're going to be poised and waiting to see what happens and take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. But I think inflation, at least, is showing that we've plateaued. We baked in about a 10% inflation into our plan. And as we see opportunities, we'll continue to look for ways to improve that.
Paul Cheng: Billy, do you see any particular area have the opportunity of softening?
Billy Helms: I think what we've seen is one of the biggest drivers this last year on inflation was certainly tubulars casing cost. And I think we've seen different things and different parts of that make up. I think the ERW products is mostly the surface and intermediate casings, those have rolled over and are softening a little bit more than the production casing, which is your seamless products, which are still largely exposed to imports. And so you're seeing some opportunities on casing, but I think there's still yet to come on most of that. On the service side, I think we haven't really seen anything manifested yet, but I think we've all seen rig counts have largely been flat since September, and they're down off their peak of -- in November of probably 20 to 25 rigs. And with the drop in gas prices, I think everybody is expecting maybe we'll see some more softening on the rig activity level. So that may lead to some opportunities to capture some markets. The one advantage that we have, and I'll go ahead and throw this out, we may expand on it later, but the benefit we have is operating in multiple basins. And so we see certainly more service tightness and labor constraints in areas with the most activity, which would be the Permian. But we have the opportunity to shift activity to our other basins to enable those to take advantage of more available equipment, more available capacity to add services at favorable rates. So that's the advantage that we have as a company.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Ezra, you have a net cash, a balance sheet and if we run through, call it, the $80 case, 55 -- or $5.5 billion in free cash, if you return 60% of that, you're looking at a balance sheet that would be, call it, $3 billion of net cash at year-end. So I wanted to get your views on uses of that cash that you have on the balance sheet and where your heads at in terms of thoughts of increasing cash return to shareholders versus looking at inorganic opportunities, including bolt-ons or M&A? And how do you prioritize some of those opportunities as we think about 2023?
Ezra Yacob: It's Ezra. That's a great question. I love talking about our balance sheet and the strength of it. It's something we take a lot of pride in. And the reason for that is because it gives us a lot of optionality at different times, whether it's to look at -- in 2020, we purchased -- strategically purchased a lot of casing. In 2021, we were able to purchase a decent amount of line pipe. And just last year, we were able to make a small acquisition in the Utica play, including purchasing some minerals there. So we're still not looking for any large, expensive, corporate M&As. We do continue to seek out opportunities where it makes sense to do bolt-ons, things that would be accretive, things that could move right into our existing infrastructure and extend some of our lateral lengths. In general, for our net cash position, I would say we don't have a specific target. We do like to have the optionality. The one thing you didn't mention is that we will be retiring a bond here in this first quarter at $1.2 billion. And then, in addition to that, I'd point out that last year, we did move beyond our minimum commitment of that 60% return of free cash flow to our shareholders. Last year, we returned approximately 67%. And so I think you can see -- you can take that as a data point that when appropriate and at the right time and obviously, it's evaluated at the Board level, depending on where we're at within the cycle, where we're at within the year and what our cash position looks like, we have proved that we're willing to move above and beyond the 60% minimum threshold.
Arun Jayaram: Great. My follow-up is Ezra, just given the size of the Company, you're approaching 1 million Boes per day in terms of overall output, and most of your activity is short cycle oriented. And I wanted to get your thoughts on exploring longer cycle opportunities. You've seen some of your peers invest in areas such as Alaska and LNG. And I wanted to get your thoughts on EOG looking at the long cycle and perhaps an update on where we stand for -- to drill Beehive in Australia?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun, we can start -- yes, maybe with some of our longer cycle stuff. We can start with Trinidad. As Billy mentioned, there has been a bit of a rig delay on our Trinidad drilling program. So that will start about midyear this year. We did set a platform there based -- this past year based on one of the discoveries that we made in 2020. We should start construction on another platform there named Momento later this year, also based on some of the work that we did in that drilling campaign that ended in 2020. So that's on the Trinidad side. In Beehive in Australia, it's our prospect on the Northwest shelf. That prospect has actually slid a little bit. It's now time to be spud in 2024. And then with some of the other projects that you had mentioned, as you can see, and it goes in line with what we were just talking about with the ability of our balance sheet to be strategic and opportunistic. And typically, we do these things counter-cyclically like our agreement on the LNG side, or the ability to put in some infrastructure like we are currently in Dorado to go ahead and lower our operating costs and expand our margins. Those are the type of opportunities that we really look for, things that are in concert with our core business, which is drilling and developing premium oil and natural gas wells.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: So Tim, I don't know if this one's for you or for Ezra, but your comments about being able to offset some of the inflation have been a fairly consistent part of your message over the last year. So, I think folks were a little surprised by the CapEx number. So I wonder if you could walk us through the moving parts of whether it be activity led or more specifically, infrastructure related to some of the newer places? There are disproportionate amount of takeaway spending has maybe lifting the CapEx issue. I'm just curious on the breakdown.
Billy Helms: Yes, Doug, this is Billy Helms. Let me take a stab at that. So first, there's probably three buckets you can probably put the increase in. First of all, is inflation in our well cost. That's probably a good piece of it, 1/3 of it. It's about -- we're anticipating about a 10% well cost inflation in our program versus last year. And yes, that's maybe 10% over and above last year. But still last year, we achieved only a 7% well cost increase in spite of probably, arguably, 15% or 20% inflation. So I think our teams have done a great job on offsetting inflation with efficiency gains. We're expecting more of that this year, but we've baked in about a 10% cost increase. The second part of that is going to be infrastructure. We've talked about already our Dorado gas pipeline. That's been initiated. And we're also building out some infrastructure in some of our emerging plays, like the Utica to start the testing of those plays. And then we've also included some capital for our ESG projects that we're advancing. So those are kind of the buckets that we look at. And then obviously, we have some additional wells on top of that in these various plays. So as we pick up the two additional rigs and one extra frac fleet, of course, that's going to accompany some additional well count. So those are the three main buckets that I would characterize the increase in the capital versus last year.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I appreciate the color, Billy. Thanks for picking that one up. My follow-up is probably for Ezra. And Ezra, forgive me for this one, but I want to take you back to pre-COVID when EOG was growing quickly and frankly, a market didn't need the oil. But you could make the case that today. We've got a market that doesn't need the gas. And I understand your point about maybe trying to take markets, some others are cutting back. But the fact is we still have a largely stranded market in the U.S. Why is this the right time to accelerate your gas production given what is a potentially very constructive outlook longer term?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, that's a good question. Yes, I think the difference is between 2019 or pre-COVID with the oil versus what we're doing in Dorado right now. So like I said, the Dorado volumes are anticipated to support. It's basically the output of a single completion spread program this year. And the benefits that we see of running a consistent program there to learn about this asset, continue to drive down costs, support putting in some infrastructure, things like water takeaway and in-basin gathering, that outweighs the near-term volatility in the gas price because what we see is in a very not-too-distant future, we see a pretty dramatic increase in the offtake and the demand coming on along the Gulf Coast. Now we are backstopped and supported, obviously, with investing on the return side in these premium wells. So we measure the investment on here at a $2.50 natural gas price. And while at today's prices, that's below, we run that $2.50 all the way through the life of the asset. The rest of the gas that we're growing this year is, honestly, as we -- as I said at the top of the Q&A is really associated gas coming out of the Delaware Basin, where the returns there are dominantly driven obviously on the oil and liquids side. And we're really running a maintenance program or a flat activity level program to Q4 across the Delaware Basin.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Leo Mariani from MKM Partners. Your line is now open.
Leo Mariani: I was hoping you could update us a little bit on maybe some new well results, if there are any from some of the emerging plays. Most interested in hearing about any recent Utica well performance or any Utica wells that may have come on? And then similar, just in the PRB, did get a sense if you've seen improving wells there as well. You've talked a lot about cutting costs in PRB, but just curious as to whether or not some of those wells have seen improvements as you guys have gotten more experience?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Leo, this is Ken. I'll take the Utica portion of that. The four wells we drilled and completed in '22, really continue to deliver our expected performance. And just to give you a flavor on that, we anticipate starting our drilling program for '23 at the end of the first quarter here. One other thing, I would note in the Utica, not on the well side, but on the acreage side is we have added about 10,000 acres of low-cost acreage store position, and we'll continue to look for additional opportunities to add to that position. So we're really excited about the Utica plan for 2023. I'm going to go ahead and give it over to Jeff now for the Powder.
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, Leo, this is Jeff. Yes, just a quick update. In 2022, we continue to delineate our acreage there in the Southern Powder River Basin. We completed about 31 net wells across the four primary targets. And all of those, we had excellent results. And we've been shifting our primary focus there, as we've talked about previously to the Mowry. So in 2023, we're going to ramp up the activity a little bit there. We're going to run kind of a consistent two- to three-rig program with one frac fleet. So that will be about 55 net wells. And the majority of those, as we talked about, will be in the Mowry. It's about a 75% increase year-over-year there in the Mowry. And then we'll continue to focus on optimizing that Mowry program there in our Southern Powder River Basin core area. We'll collect a lot of valuable data, and then we'll look to utilize it in the future on our overlying Niobrara formation and then the North Powder River Basin position that we announced earlier on.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. And then just wanted to jump over to the Eagle Ford. If I look at the Eagle Ford, production has kind of been steadily dropping in the last few years. You guys have picked up activity pretty significantly in '23. It looks like roughly 50% more net completions this year versus last. In your prepared comments, you signaled basically trying to kind of keep Eagle Ford flattish for a number of years sort of going forward. Just wanted to get any additional color around that? Eagle Ford had kind of been in decline in favor of other plays, primarily Delaware. And now the plan is to kind of flatten it out. Are you kind of seeing new things there in terms of well productivity or lower costs that have got more encouraged about the play? Just wanted to get a sense because it seems like maybe it's risen slightly in the pecking order here.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this is Ezra. That's a great pickup. It's a good question because that's exactly what's happened is that it is raising up with respect to the returns and the way they compete for capital. Over the last couple of years, kind of coming out of the pandemic, we've reduced our -- there. And the result of that, we've been trying to right-size the investment. The result has been really back to back years of the highest drilling -- rate of return drilling programs that we've seen in the history of developing that asset. As everybody knows, it's a very high-margin oil play where we've got a lot of infrastructure and a tremendous amount of industry knowledge there. Simply, the asset now is commanding a lot more capital investment this year. We are looking to invest to maintain flat production, as you said. The production has decreased a bit over the last couple of years. And one advantage that we are seeing in the Eagle Ford, and Billy touched on this, and maybe I'll let him add a little more color on it, is really how the inflation and service availability has manifested itself across these different basins and why the Eagle Ford's a bit more attractive.
Billy Helms: Sure. As I mentioned earlier in some of the questions, obviously, you see more levels of inflation and more constraints on services in certain fields versus the other, the Permian being the most active play. Certainly, there's a more constraints there on services and labor and those kind of things. So it allows us the opportunity to pick up activity in basins that are seeing less stress, you might say, and Eagle Ford certainly being one of those. On top of that, our team there in Eagle Ford has done just a tremendous job continuing to push innovation and striving for efficiencies such that we continue to make better and better returns in that play with time. And we've kind of reached a point, as Ezra mentioned there, that we want to maintain the constant level of production going forward in that play because we do see more than a decade of running room of continuing to maintain that production level with the opportunities we have in front of us. So we think it's just a good level of production to maintain going forward.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist. Your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: My first question is on your play detail, specifically, was looking at some other side. I see a couple of years ago, you all suggested you had approximately about 11,000 premium undrilled locations with about, I think, it was nearly 55% of these in the Delaware. Of that Del, about 40% of these will be in Wolfcamp plays. I'm just wondering if that really, number one, total premium locations is still -- I forget what the last number you threw around the premium locations? And wonder if you'd still consider the majority of these in the Wolfcamp portion of the Del?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Neal, this is Ken. I'll take a shot at that. We -- what we talked about earlier, and the way we really look at it, is we have 10 years of double-premium inventory at our current activity level. So locations really aren't a concern for us. What we're really trying to talk about and show is the value proposition of our 10-plus billion Boe resource base that has a finding cost less than our current DD&A rate. Investing in this inventory will use to DD&A and improve earnings and return on capital employed. Our well counts are really constantly changing as our development plans evolve, acreages swapped and laterals are extended. And all those changes improve our finding costs and returns and modify our location count. So what we're really focused on now is lowering our cost basis as we invest at high returns.
Neal Dingmann: No, that makes sense. Then maybe Ken just follow up on that. I guess my follow-up is on play details, maybe specifically the Bakken. You all suggested, I think even a couple of years ago, it wasn't a ton of locations, as you said, maybe I don't know if you'd consider a ton of value there. So I'm just wondering how many -- how you'd kind of look at that play today? And would you all consider -- you certainly don't need it financially, but would you consider monetizing it given it appears to be one of your more mature areas?
Ken Boedeker: Sure, Neal. The Bakken creates significant returns, and it is one of our highest percentage plays that we have in the Company. So where it's appropriate and when it's appropriate for development, which is we're going to be putting some money into it this year, we'll try to run about a one-rig program there the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: So I saw in your supplemental debt that you mentioned that continuous pumping operations are helping to drive completion efficiency in the Delaware. I believe that's one of the benefits you're seeing for running your frac fleet. Is that accurate? And just a bit more detail on how continuous fracking is having completion efficiency above and beyond doing zippers?
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott, this is Billy. Yes, we're thrilled with the -- our efficiencies driven through our completion teams. The continuous pumping operation, you're right, is tied to mostly our electric frac fleets. Just a reminder, we've -- we're probably running 60% or 70% of our frac fleets today are electric. And we've been in that business really since about 2015. So, we've been operating more electric frac fleets probably than most of our peers or most of the industry for a long period of time. And through that, we've gained a tremendous amount of knowledge of how to continue to drive efficiencies in that operation. It really has started more in our San Antonio group in the Eagle Ford play, and that's why we're so excited about continuing our investment there. And certainly, we're transferring that information and that those techniques across the Company, including the Delaware Basin. But basically, the continuous pumping operation allows us to minimize any amount of downtime, so we can increase the amount of footage we complete every day, which drives the well cost down over time and allows us to approach some really highly efficient completion strategies. And so, part of that is also leading to improved completion designs, which is allowing us to make better well performance. So overall, it's just one thing that builds on another, and we're excited about the future and where that takes us.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then you also mentioned taking advantage of any softening in -- frac rates if they do manifest this year. How is your contract coverage for both currently following the period of tightness? Would you be able to capture any deflation before year-end? Or would that really benefit more at '24 just given contract coverage?
Billy Helms: Our contracts are really staggered, and they don't all roll off at any one given time. Certainly, our well cost is up this year as I mentioned earlier, because some of those contracts have rolled off last year and renewed on those higher day rates and pumping charges this year. But in general, we have about 45% of our drilling rigs secured under term agreements and about 65% of our frac fleets. So that leaves us ample opportunity to capture opportunities if they do present themselves as time moves on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: My first question, maybe following up on Leo's question, on the Eagle Ford. In terms of the step-up in activity in the Eagle Ford this year, can you talk about how capital efficiency compared between the overall Delaware and South Texas Eagle Ford? I guess when you pull the well data, the difference in the well performance looks like the Eagle Ford is about 30% lower on a cumulative oil per foot basis over the past couple of years, but that's only one side of the equation, and we realize that. And I think your 3Q disclosure indicated that the Eagle Ford well cost is almost 30% lower on a per foot basis than in the Delaware. So I guess just putting it all together for us, can you just provide some color on how capital efficiency and returns compare between the Eagle Ford and the Delaware?
Billy Helms: Yes. Jeanine, this is Billy. Happy to give you some color on that. The Delaware Basin is certainly one of our most capital-efficient plays, quickly followed by the Eagle Ford. The advantage we have in the Eagle Ford is, as I mentioned earlier, the tremendous efficiencies that have been driven in that play. You're right the cum per foot is probably a little bit lower in the Eagle Ford but the well cost is also significantly less. And so we can put a lot more wells to sales in a lot shorter time frame than we can in the Delaware Basin. And then going back to that also, we didn't really feel that we wanted to ramp up activity anymore in the Delaware Basin, but instead leverage on our multi-basin portfolio to increase activity in areas where equipment and crews are more available to leverage into our operation. And so that's what we've chosen to do. But I think the Eagle Ford is still one of our most capital-efficient plays we have in the Company, and we're excited about that opportunity to keep sustaining volume going forward.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Maybe moving to base declines. Can you provide an update on your current base declines given the 3% oil and the 9% Boe growth this year? Do you anticipate that your oil and corporate declines will remain flat or at least -- or maybe even decrease this year?
Billy Helms: Yes, Jeanine, this is Billy again. The base declines have been fairly consistent, I would say, year-to-year. And we don't see a measurable change really in our base declines going forward. I think last year was a pretty good year as compared to this year, and I expect the declines would be similar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derrick Whitfield from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Derrick Whitfield: With my first question, I'd like to lean into the new completion design you've implemented in Delaware that achieved an 18% AUR uplift. Could you perhaps elaborate on the nature of the enhancement and if it would to be across and outside of the basin?
Billy Helms: Yes, Derrick, this is Billy Helms again. On the new completion design, certainly, we're always experimenting with new ideas and trying to innovate as to ways we can improve well performance over time. And we're excited about some of the new advancements and techniques we're experimenting with the Delaware Basin. And to be honest, that's just more color on why we like to get to a consistent program and where we can innovate and experiment and make these improvements. So I'm not going to go into detail about what this new completion design looks like. But certainly, as we continue to advance it, we will translate it to -- import that technology to other basins, and we're already doing so. We were excited about the 18% uplift we've seen, but it's only been done on 26 wells so far in the Delaware Basin. So you can see it's still early on. The amount of the improvement is tremendous though, and we fully expect to be able to transfer that knowledge to other plays.
Derrick Whitfield: Perfect. And as my follow-up, perhaps shifting over to the Eagle Ford. We noticed the legacy wet gas position was seemingly reengaged in your supplement update. If I recall, that initial position was in the order of 26,000 acres. Could you perhaps comment on what has brought it back to life and the amount of activity you're expecting over the next couple of years?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Derrick, this is Ken. Yes. Really, what's brought back to life is our people in our San Antonio division, have reviewed it and realized that they could invest at high returns in that area. So we've actually looked at three different zones within that area and drilled three wells last year that had significant returns, and we'll see additional activity this year. I don't know that we've given an exact well count, but it will definitely be stepped up. And really, it's just a matter of having legacy acreage and our people understanding where we think we can make those kind of returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open.
Charles Meade: I want to follow up on Derrick's question, which was a great question. I'd just like to push a little bit further on that Delaware Basin completion design. I understand you don't want to talk about what it is. But as I mentioned, some of the possibilities, I'm curious, is this something that you apply to whatever your maybe fringier intervals that's something that's bringing that -- bringing kind of a lesser interval up to the -- your double-premium threshold? Or alternatively, is this something that you're doing already on -- or is this a new design kind of a meat and potatoes interval that could maybe herald a broader shift hire in your whole Delaware Basin capital efficiency?
Billy Helms: Yes. Charles, this is Billy Helms. Yes. The new design is -- really starts with an understanding of the rock we're applying it to. I think we've talked in the past about how all of our designs are tailor made to every wellbore and whatever the geology is telling us is the right application for that. So is it something that we could apply to all zones? I would say probably not, but it's certainly more attractive than other zones. But it is also being done in the core of the play. It's not just applying to the fringe intervals or the fringe of the plays, but some of our core plays or target intervals and we're seeing dramatic improvements. Now it's going to be -- continue to be tailored based on what the geology tells us is the right application, and we'll tweak it and be able to transfer that knowledge as we see it develop.
Charles Meade: That's helpful color. And for my follow-up, and I recognize this is a simplification for a company like you guys and your number of rigs and the number of plays. But overall, you indicated that you're going to increase your -- you're going to add three new rig lines in '23. Can you give us a sense where you are in that process? Or when we should expect those in aggregate, the rig count to tick up over the course of '23?
Billy Helms: Sure, Charles. The rigs are pretty much in operation today. We started kind of picking up rigs at the end of the fourth quarter going into this year. And as we mentioned, the fourth quarter run rates in the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford will be pretty consistent throughout the year. And so, we've also started drilling in some of the other plays, some of the new emerging plays, such as the Powder River Basin and Dorado. So those are kind of ongoing. We'll be picking up rigs at different times and some of the other plays, like the Bakken or the DJ or the Utica. And those will kind of come and go. Those aren't going to be really, yet full rig lines. They'll kind of ebb and flow based on the timing of each individual play. But the base program is pretty much going to be set, and I'd say the rig count is not going to fluctuate much beyond where it is today.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now hand back over to Mr. Yacob for closing remarks.
Ezra Yacob: I'd just like to thank everyone for participating in the call this morning and especially thank our employees for the outstanding results delivered in 2022. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 results. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources' Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures can be found on EOG's website. This conference call also may include estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor Relations. Here's Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. The quality of EOG's diverse multi-basin portfolio of high-return assets continues to grow and improve. Yesterday's announcement of the large position we captured in the Utica Combo play demonstrates yet again that EOG's robust exploration pipeline delivers results. Over the last two years, our organic exploration efforts have brought forth Dorado, our premium dry natural gas play in South Texas, the emerging Northern Powder River Basin oil play in Wyoming and now the emerging Utica Combo play in Ohio. The value of our multi-basin portfolio can't be overstated. With the addition of the Utica Combo, we are now positioned to operate 7 premium resource basins, which reinforces several of EOG's competitive advantages. First, our decentralized cross-functional operating teams innovate independently, but collaborate to compound the impact of learnings and efficiencies across the company. Second, our flexibility to allocate capital optimizes reinvestment across our portfolio, enabling us to develop each asset at the right pace to maximize returns. And third, our geographic and product diversity gives us the ability to plan around basin-level market dynamics. Our goal is to expand and improve the overall quality of our portfolio by identifying higher return inventory. Our approach is to build a diverse portfolio of premium assets predominantly through low-cost organic exploration, which adds reserves at lower finding and development costs and lowers the overall cost basis of the company. The end result is continuous improvement to EOG's company-wide capital efficiency. Our track record of successful exploration, coupled with strong operational execution, is how EOG has continued to improve over time and position the company to create shareholder value through industry cycles. We demonstrated our confidence in EOG's improving cost structure yesterday by increasing the regular dividend 10%. Our peer-leading annualized dividend is now $3.30 per share, competitive with the broad market. We also delivered on our commitment to return at least 60% of annual free cash flow to shareholders with our fourth special dividend of the year. By year-end, we will have returned $5.80 per share of special dividends. Combined with the regular dividend, we will return $8.80 per share or $5.1 billion in cash to shareholders, which exceeds our 60% cash return commitment using current forecasts. Looking forward, we expect 2023 will remain dynamic with respect to the supply chain, oil and gas prices and other global macro drivers. Our diverse low-cost asset base puts us in an excellent position to capitalize on opportunities no matter the environment. EOG continues to consistently execute, lower our cost structure through innovation and efficiencies and grow the quality of our portfolio to improve capital efficiency and free cash flow potential. Our transparent cash return strategy is anchored to a sustainable, growing regular dividend and backstopped by an impeccable balance sheet. EOG is in a better position than ever to deliver value for our shareholders through industry cycles and play a leading role in the long-term future of energy. Next up is Billy with an early look at our 2023 plan, followed by Tim, who will review our financial performance. Ken will then provide background and details on the Utica Combo play. Here's Billy.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Ezra. Once again, EOG delivered outstanding results in the third quarter. We exceeded midpoint of production guidance, while capital expenditures beat forecasted targets. I'd like to thank our employees for their perseverance and execution to beat the expectations. Realized oil and natural gas prices also beat their target benchmarks in the third quarter. Our marketing teams are doing an excellent job executing our long-term strategy of diversifying across multiple transportation outlets and sales points. This strategy is also enabling the company to navigate the recent bottlenecks, transporting natural gas out of the Permian. We hold a significant transport position with the ability to move up to a Bcf a day out of the basin. In total, less than 5% of our domestic gas production is exposed to WAHA pricing in the Permian. In fact, we anticipate fourth quarter realized prices to remain strong for both natural gas and crude oil sales overall. Our crude oil and natural gas export capacity is serving us well in this regard. In the fourth quarter, we expect to sell over 250,000 barrels of crude oil per day at Brent length prices and 140,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas at JKM-linked prices, both on a gross basis. Year-to-date through September, export-based pricing of crude oil and natural gas has added nearly $700 million of revenue uplift compared to the alternative domestic sales. One of the major topics of the year continues to be the inflation story. The price pressure we are seeing on steel, fuel and labor continues to be persistent. Our employees are maintaining their focus on finding ways to mitigate inflation through innovation and efficiencies in our operations. Through their efforts, we now expect our average well cost to increase a modest 7% as compared to last year. As a result, we have narrowed our full year capital guidance to $4.5 billion to $4.7 billion. Given the elevated and persistent inflation pressures we have experienced this year, I am proud of our employees' efforts to mitigate a majority of this impact to our capital plan. We continue to evaluate and shape our plans for 2023. Production growth and infrastructure investments will remain guided by capital discipline. We expect low single-digit oil growth similar to this year. We currently forecast oil equivalent growth, including gas and liquids, at a low double-digit rate, somewhat higher than this year, largely driven by increased activity in our highly productive dry gas play. Once again, we plan to leverage our activity across multiple basins to secure services and manage cost pressures. Our initial plan includes a modest increase in activity, utilizing on the order of 28 to 30 drilling rigs, including one offshore rig in Trinidad. This would be accompanied by 8 to 10 frac fleets. This would represent a slight increase of 2 to 3 rigs and 1 to 2 frac fleets over 2022 activity levels. We are seeing opportunities in different basins to lock in services at favorable rates for next year and currently expect to secure 50% to 60% of our well cost by the start of the year. This is within our typical range and compares with 50% of costs incurred for the start of 2022. All in all, we expect higher CapEx in 2023, driven by four key factors. First, we are assuming that persistent inflation pressure continues. With the cost of materials and services increasing, our initial 2023 budget is likely to reflect another 10% well cost increase, on top of the 7% increase we expect this year. We will continue to work to identify additional savings and efficiency improvements to offset the impact of inflation, just as we did this year. Second, we see several opportunities to advance development of particular assets in our portfolio in areas that are less exposed to the most severe inflation and supply chain pressures. The increase in activity in emerging plays like Dorado, the Powder River Basin and the Utica Combo are examples. Third, we expect to accelerate some infrastructure projects to take advantage of market opportunities. In Dorado, we've begun construction of a new 36-inch gas pipeline from the field to the Agua Dolce sales point near Corpus Christi, Texas. This will ensure long-term takeaway, fully capture the value chain from the wellhead to the market center and aligns with our focus on being a low-cost operator. Fourth, we plan to continue to progress our investments in environmental projects, including expansion of our carbon capture and storage or CCS projects. Our first CCS project is progressing, and we expect to begin injecting CO2 early next year. This is yet another step toward our goal of being among the lowest-cost, highest-return and lowest-emission producers of oil and natural gas. We recently released our latest sustainability report for 2021, which highlights our progress. We achieved our near-term 2025 methane emissions percentage target of 0.06% last year, an 85% reduction from 2017 levels. We captured 99.8% of natural gas produced at the wellhead, meeting our 2021 gas capture target. We discussed our latest initiative to further reduce methane emissions through our continuous leak detection system named iSense. We improved our safety performance with lower total recordable and lost time incident rates, and we reduced our freshwater intensity rate by 55% since 2020. We are proud of our employees' progress on our sustainability goals, but we still see tremendous opportunities for continued improvements. Altogether, infrastructure spending, including environmental projects, typically amounts to 15% to 20% of our CapEx budget. This year is running right about the midpoint of that range; whereas next year, we expect it to be towards the higher end of that range. We continue to develop our 2023 plans as we approach the new year and provide a more detailed complete outlook in February. Now here's Tim to discuss our financials.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Billy. We are very pleased to increase the regular dividend by 10% to $3.30 per share annual rate. This increase reflects two things. First, the improvements we've made to the cost structure. Efficiencies and technology continue to sustainably improve EOG's capital efficiency. Furthermore, we expect the advantages of operating in multiple basins will drive additional improvements to EOG's cost structure and returns in the year ahead, lower the cost of supply and lower the breakeven oil price to fund the dividend. Second, this dividend increase reflects our confidence in EOG's expanding portfolio of premium plays to grow the company's future income and free cash flow potential. Over the last several years, our success in organic exploration continues to add low-cost reserves and consistently drive down our DD&A rate, enabling EOG to create value through industry cycles. We also remain committed to returning at least 60% of free cash flow to shareholders each year. As a reminder, we look at this on an annual basis, not quarter-to-quarter. Based on current commodity prices, we estimate the $1.50 special dividend declared yesterday will bring free cash flow return to shareholders to about 67% for 2022. We will start 2023 in an exceptionally strong financial position. We ended the third quarter with $5.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet against $5.1 billion of debt. We generated $2.3 billion of free cash flow during the quarter, along with inflows of another $1.3 billion of cash from working capital, primarily from the drawdown of hedge collateral. Now here's Ken.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Tim. We're excited to announce our new oil and natural gas combo acreage position in Ohio's Utica Shale. We've accumulated 395,000 acres in this play, predominantly in the volatile oil window across a 140-mile trend running north to south. Our cost of entry was less than $600 per net acre for leasehold, demonstrating the benefit of organic exploration, one of our most distinct competitive advantages. Capturing highly productive rock through our organic exploration and leasing efforts is the primary way of improving the quality of our premium inventory at low cost, which leads to a lower company-wide cost basis. The Utica is a well-known and prolific gas resource to the east of our acreage. Several years ago, our exploration team operating out of the Oklahoma City office took a fresh look at the basin from a petroleum system perspective. We knew there was an oil rim with varying gas to oil ratios present. Using our experience in other basins and our technical workflows and proprietary reservoir engineering modeling tools, we anticipated that this could be an area that would be additive to our inventory. When we considered our advancements in precision targeting and simulation technology, along with our low-cost drilling and completion operations, it became clear that this area had the potential to compete with our premium and double-premium plays across the company. Through leasing and acquisitions, we acquired 18 legacy wells with varying geologic and production data, which supported our assessment of the area. Over the last 12 months, we've confirmed our model and the economic viability of this prospect by drilling 3 delineation wells in the northern part of our acreage and 1 in the South. These first 4 wells already earned premium and double-premium returns when normalized to our development plan, which assumes 3-mile laterals. As a reminder, our premium hurdle rate assumes $40 oil, $16 NGLs and $2.50 natural gas. These exceptional results are due primarily to the high productivity of the interval and the large amount of liquids in the product mix from the volatile oil window. In addition to the well performance, we also want to highlight our embedded mineral interest in the southern portion of the acreage. We've acquired 100% of the mineral rights across 135,000 acres of our leasehold for about $1,800 per acre, which is in addition to the $600 per net acre for the leases. This mineral interest significantly enhances the value of this play by adding 25% to our production and reserve strain from no additional well cost or operating expense. This area is also where we've drilled our most prolific well, which has initially produced over 2,500 barrels of oil per day and 3,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day from a 12,000-foot lateral. The total value of this mineral interest across our southern development area is significant, especially since EOG will dictate the pace of development as operator. Next year, we plan to drill approximately 20 wells in the northern and southern areas and utilize our multi-basin experience to climb the learning curve faster by leaning on the best targeting, drilling and completion techniques that apply to this area. We expect our 2023 Utica Combo plan will accomplish 2 goals: first, to deliver double premium returns; while second, further delineating the play to help assess resource and inventory. We will invest in incremental gathering infrastructure to prepare for a larger development program and anticipate being able to take advantage of existing processing infrastructure in the area for the foreseeable future. This is the advantage of the timing and economic efficiency of successfully unlocking potential in an existing basin. EOG's entry into the Utica Combo play is a textbook example of why our decentralized organization that operates in multiple basins with wide-ranging geology lends itself to successful additions to the upper end of our premium and double-premium inventory. We applied what we learned over the past decade in developing our portfolio to identify and unlock this overlooked resource. Now here's Ezra to wrap things up.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Ken. The takeaway from today's call are centered on EOG's fundamental value proposition. First, EOG's multi-basin organic exploration focus continues to improve the quality of our inventory, Capturing Tier 1 acreage across multiple high-return opportunities provides geographic diversity, product diversity and the flexibility to allocate capital across each asset at the correct pace to optimize returns. Second, EOG is a low-cost operator. We use technology to increase operational efficiency and capture select pieces of the value chain to keep both capital and operating costs low, thereby helping to reduce our breakevens and increase our free cash flow and income-generating potential. Third, Tim highlighted our financial performance and commitment to financial discipline that results in a 10% increase to our peer-leading regular dividend, a commitment to additional cash return with our announced special dividends and a best-in-class balance sheet. Fourth, our recently published sustainability report illustrates our progress to reach near-term greenhouse gas and methane emissions intensity goals and our commitment to develop new technologies and pilot new projects, such as our CCS project, to help reduce our environmental footprint. And fifth, it is EOG's employees and unique culture that continues to drive our success. Thanks for listening. We'll now go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann. You may proceed.
Neal Dingmann: Congratulations for some nice results. My first question is on, to jump right to it, the Utica Combo play. Specifically, looking at that Slide 10 of years, it appears, and you talked about this -- some of you guys talked about this already, that the primary folks looks like it's on that volatile oil section or window. Just wondering, have you identified this is sort of how the economics look in this window and sort of why focus here? And secondly, maybe just talk about the takeaway situation for you all there.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra. Thanks for the question. I'll maybe make a couple of comments and then hand it to Ken to shed a little more light on the economics and then Lance will provide a little more commentary on the takeaway. But when we think about this basin, it's been a bit of a sleepy basin. Everyone knew that there's a liquids window there, obviously, and it hasn't really been revisited in a number of years. As part of our recent exploration efforts, we went back in, really applied, as Ken said, some of our data from outside from other basins, some of the things that we've learned in the past few years. We really evaluated it from a geologic level, looking at the way that the process manifests itself between the north and the south, the mechanical stratigraphy that we've talked about before, how our completions interact with the rock. We had better data to better define the GOR and the phase across this area. And then really, we made a lot of progress modeling the overpressure across the play. And when you combine that, obviously, with technology on the operational side, that's what gets us so excited about the opportunity here. And it's really almost reminiscent of what we saw nearly a decade ago happening in the Delaware Basin, where it's a bit of a sleepy basin with a lot of show wells. It really required some industry and EOG technology and knowledge kind of brought in from the outside to really make things work. Ken, do you want to talk a little more about the wells?
Ken Boedeker: Sure. As Ezra mentioned, we are in the volatile oil window. And we do expect oil, gas and NGL production will vary some across that window both from north to south, but more so from east, which will have a higher gas cut to west, which is oilier. On an ultimate recovery basis, we expect that there will be 25% to 35% oil and similar percentages for natural gas liquids and residue gas. So when you think about that, this play is really focused on the 60% to 70% liquids development. And from that, as far as the economics go, it gives us premium and double-premium numbers. That's $40 oil, $16 NGL and $2.50 gas. The other thing to note on these wells is it's early, but we are expecting, depending on where we're at in the play, 2 million to 3 million barrels of oil equivalent for an EUR with a 3-mile lateral. So that type of performance really leads us to a low finding cost and it will definitely be additive to our cost basis.
Lance Terveen: Neal, this is Lance. I'll comment a little bit for you. I'll start at a high level, too, and maybe kind of drill down for you just as you think about kind of infrastructure and also take away. But really, when we think about our plan, it's going to follow the same strategy that we've done in all of our plays. And I mean, one, marketing is always aligned and integrated upfront in all of our exploration efforts. You've heard us many times talk about just multiple connections is critical. We want to have control to market. And then firm offtake, we're always disciplined in that matter that is going to be very commensurate with our plans. But when you think about the nat gas and especially like evacuating the nat gas, you got to remember like Ken just highlighted, the Utica wells will have less gas volumes in the oil window. It's a liquids-rich play, like Ken highlighted, 60% to 70% liquids. So when we look out here, we look upfront, there is significant available capacity that's just adjacent to our play. And also, if you remember, it's been built out for a long time. Much of it has been overbuilt, I would say, like in the last 10 years. So this also allows for opportunities. So we've really aligned ourselves with the current midstream operators that are in the area, very strong. We have great relationships with those. We've developed strategic relationships into the interstate pipelines, too, at the plant tail gates. And I can tell you the liquidity is very strong in this area. It's much different than you can look into the Marcellus. But when you get into this area, liquidity is very strong. And so we don't see any issues at this time with sales on a go-forward basis.
Neal Dingmann: That's fantastic details, guys. It's great people to you coming back there. My second question, maybe just a bit on capital allocation, specifically, I realize you won't have detailed '23 guide for a few more months. I'm just wondering if you all have talked a bit -- I think, on the plan talked today about maybe a bit more activity next year. I'm just wondering, is that just to keep production stable? Or are you still kind of considering a maintenance plan next year? And I'm wondering if you would consider a bit more growth if prices continue to be as strong and maybe costs would back off a little bit?
Billy Helms: Yes, Neal, this is Billy Helms. Like we had said in the prepared remarks there, it's still early to talk about what we think 2023 actual specifics will be. But in the prepared comments, I also mentioned the fact that we will have more activity. We do anticipate growing our oil production somewhere in the -- similar to this year, somewhere in the low single digits. And on the equivalent growth, it will be probably in the low double digits. So that's kind of how we see the plan shaping up as we -- as today with the macro environment we see today. That would company -- that would entail probably adding 2 to 3 rigs over and above this year's activity level in general with probably another 1 to 2 frac fleets. So it kind of gives you an outlook of what that might look like. So I guess maybe just to scale it up on the CapEx side, we kind of give you some guidance this quarter for what we think our CapEx burn rate will be. And if you kind of normalize that through next year and then add the cost of a little bit more activity and some infrastructure costs to kind of get you directionally where we're thinking.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani. You may proceed.
Leo Mariani: I wanted to dig a little bit more into the Utica. You all talked about a well that had a 2,500 barrel a day rate. I guess it was 3,500 on an equivalent basis to the south. I just wanted to clarify, is that like a 24-hour rate? Is that more of a 30-day rate? And then also, I guess that's 1 of the 4 wells. Can you perhaps provide a little bit of color around the other three in the basin there as well? And you talked about kind of 2 million to 3 million BOEs recoverable on a 3-mile lateral. Can you also help us out with maybe what you think the eventual targeted well cost would be there, that 3-mile lateral?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Leo, this is Ken. As far as that 2,500 barrel a day rate that we highlighted there, we produced that for a couple of weeks. So we're very comfortable with that rate. As far as the other 4 wells go, they had varying lateral lengths. We can move those to a 3-mile -- when we move those to a 3-mile development plan, they're definitely double-premium-type economics. That 2,500 barrel a day well that's got the 12,000-foot lateral is the longest lateral we've drilled to date. The others do have a shorter lateral as we drilled them. One thing I really wanted to highlight on that 12,000-foot lateral well is the operations team that we have at Coloma City. It was the longest well that we've drilled. And once they got into the lateral, they drilled that 12,000 feet in a little over 6 days and stayed 99% in an 8-foot target. So just outstanding operational performance there. As far as well costs go, we've really just highlighted that we anticipate being less than $5 a barrel on the F&D cost.
Leo Mariani: I wanted to follow up a little bit on Dorado. So you all mentioned that you're constructing a 36-inch pipe. That's obviously a pretty good-sized pipe. So it sounds like you've got some pretty grand plans for that play, and it sounds like it's driving a lot of growth in 2023. Just curious as to when you think that pipe is going to be ready and imagine it's going to take a little while to get constructed, and perhaps there's an even kind of larger wave of growth out of Dorado as we get towards mid-decade. And I'm assuming that maybe there's some LNG-type ambitions associated with that. So any color would be great.
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo, this is Billy Helms. Let me maybe start with the answer, and then maybe Lance can give some more color on it. So the 36-inch pipeline, yes, it's an effort to try to not only get that gas to market, but also make sure we continued our focus on keeping our cost as an operator low. So that's part of our longer-term plan. We've recognized that the value of installing infrastructure is really helping lower the long-term cost basis of the company. And so this is just another step in that vein. The 36-inch pipe will be constructed over a couple of years, so it's not all being done in 1 single year. It's important to be taking it to the market center where we are. And then the LNG that we certainly recognize the value of having the gas in this area. It's in South Texas, where all the LNG demand is, so it's advantage from that standpoint. So that's kind of how this kind of works into the overall market dynamics with this play. So I'll let Lance maybe add a little bit more color on the pipeline itself and the market.
Lance Terveen: Yes, sure. Leo, it's Lance. I think ride add on to what Billy talked about as well. It's just it is very complementary and it's an integration of our operations. But again, like you heard in one of my answers earlier, the controllable market is very important. And so as we build out this infrastructure into the Agua Dulce market, we will have -- we're anticipating 4 downstream market connections. And I know you kind of asked a little bit about LNG, but I think the bigger point is just the demand pool that's anticipated out of South Texas. There could be up to 5 Bcf a day just from kind of the South Texas region when you think about power gen, industrial load and also in Mexico. And the demand pool is really real, right? You've heard us talk about Corpus Christi Stage 3. We're going to have a 720,000 MMBtu day sale once that's kind of in service. We got the 140,000, that's today. But you also have Golden Pass that's under construction and several other facilities that are getting very, very close to FID, which is excellent. And so maybe one other thing to add is that we've also contracted for a large transport position on an interstate pipeline expansion, allowing us to reach essentially all the LNG demand pool along the Gulf Coast from South Texas to Louisiana, and that will have a direct connection off of our 36-inch. So we're thinking very tactically, strategically and setting up Dorado for the long term.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate. You may proceed.
Doug Leggate: I wonder if I could jump on the Utica as well. I'm just curious about, I guess, the back story as to how you accumulate this position because there's clearly a lot of players, I guess, a little east of you guys, some of which might have characterized their acreage as noncore. I know M&A is not your bailiwick typically, but a little background as to how you establish this position and whether you'd be looking to continue to expand it. And I've got a follow-up on that, please.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, this is Ezra. Thanks for the question. Like anything, we allowed the -- our geologic model to kind of drive where we are interested in acquiring acreage. We were able to get in there and put it together in a variety of different ways. Probably the most noticeable one is that we were able to purchase the minerals down to the south that Ken highlighted earlier. It's about 135,000 acres of minerals that we purchased as part of transaction. But in general, I'd say it fell right in line with our strategy of identifying where we want to be in the basin, trying to capture Tier 1 and Tier 2 acreage countercyclically, if you will, so we can continue to have a low cost of entry which, of course, is critical is not only as you get out and delineate the plays, but also obviously, as you really think about full cycle economics in these resource plays.
Doug Leggate: I know it's -- you guys have typically been organic in the way you report these things. But my follow-up is really about capital allocation. And I guess a follow-up to Leo's question about the Dorado, the pipeline you're building. Now you've obviously taken a, I guess, you could see another step back to gas with Utica. What is your thinking in terms of -- is this a pivot back to gas in terms of how you should think about capital allocation? I know you're typically agnostic on that. I'm just curious if we're seeing a bit of a pivot back here.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. The short answer is that we're agnostic based on our premium price deck, the $40 and $2.50 natural gas pricing that we use to measure our investments. But in general, I'd say we do have a bullish view long term on natural gas and NGLs, obviously, on oil as well. But specific to Dorado and some of these combo plays, we're seeing natural gas. We think we'll continue to see increased demand from power gen, some of the coal switching that we've seen this year. And also, it's going to have, in the upcoming years, continued exposure to the international markets with LNG development there along the Gulf Coast. NGLs obviously span the entire broad spectrum of the economy, from plastics and rubber to heating to fuel blending and so on. And that's not to say those two won't experience volatility at times where supply is potentially outpacing demand. And likewise, demand is -- could be outpacing supply. But that comes back to our approach as a disciplined operator. First, we evaluate, like we just talked about, based on the premium price deck that we use internally, and that means that we're investing based on returns first and foremost. Second, we evaluate that macro supply and demand fundamentals for short-, medium- and long-term signals. And I'd say it's one reason we are excited about the way we enter some of these positions, especially the Utica, by owning the 135,000 acres with the minerals, we can control the pace of development. And the remaining leasehold in that play is dominantly held by production. And so that, again, is another lever that allows us to really optimize our pace of development and investment.
Doug Leggate: We'll look for news at the end of the month.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber. You may proceed.
Scott Gruber: Congrats on the organic resource play addition. Generally, what's the rough split of the Utica acreage that's prospective for double premium versus single premium? And generally, what spacing assumption are you guys using across the acreage?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Scott, this is Ken. As far as the split, it's really early in the development of the Utica. We have 4 wells in it. We want to do some additional drilling and testing across the acreage before we really come up with some kind of a resource or a well count or a well spacing estimate. As far as premium versus double premium, we actually think that we have double premium potential across the entire acreage position. So we're really just excited about the play and look forward to developing it next year.
Scott Gruber: And just ask on the capital allocation question, just over the medium to longer term, how are you thinking about ramping the Utica? It's a little bit further down on your kind of development curve. And obviously, you have optionality in Dorado and PRB, which just relative to the younger plays that you'll be ramping up, how do you think the Utica fits in?
Billy Helms: Well, as Ken -- this is Billy. As Ken just mentioned, the Utica, we're very excited about the potential of the play to be double premium. And so it definitely competes on a capital allocation standpoint. But we are early in the play. So as we see things today, we'll plan on drilling somewhere in the order of 20 wells next year and then from that determine on how what the go-forward plan looks like. As far as capital allocation for next year, we're still early and still developing our plans. But as we see things today, the benefit of having these multiple basins is it gives us a lot of flexibility to move capital between the different basins. We don't have to leverage all of our activity in one basin. In particular, we're going to try to keep from seeing a lot of activity increases in areas where we're seeing the most inflation and supply chain constraints that exist mostly in the Permian Basin today. So I would expect our activity levels there to remain pretty consistent with what we're doing today. We can pull levers in the other plays to meet whatever objectives we set forth as we move towards the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade. You may proceed.
Charles Meade: I'd like to ask about these 4 wells that you drilled in the Utica. Can you talk about what you did differently, perhaps, from previous operators, whether it's targeting of a zone or your completion design? And also perhaps, did you test different concepts across those 4 wells?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Charles, this is Ken. As far as what we've done differently in this area, it really has to do with having a number of years of experience in all of our other basins that we can bring to bear here in the Utica. If you think about it, it boils down to 4 main things. One of them is targeting, being able to identify the target across the acreage position. The other one is understanding the phase, looking at that phase, not getting into the gas window and not getting too far into the black oil window. The third one is pressure and how that pressure varies across our acreage position. And then the other is the operational execution that we can bring. That's both the drilling and the completion's design that we see. That all rolls into what I would call the geomechanics. And when you roll all that together, it really gives us confidence in that area that we'll be able to develop that with that low finding cost and then double-premium returns basis.
Charles Meade: And 20 wells next year, that looks like it's -- maybe should we be thinking about 2 rigs with -- since it might take a while to drill these 3-mile laterals in an overpressure setting?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Charles. Really, right now, these wells aren't taking that long. The 20-well program would really be done with 1 rig at this point in time. We may end up having 2 rigs if they're available at some point and then not at another time, but the average would be 1 rig for next year. .
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett You may proceed.
Bob Brackett: Had a higher-level question, and then I'll get to nitty-gritty on the Utica. The higher-level question is you all, versus your peers, have run a fairly aggressive exploration budget this year, call it, $450 million or so. What are your thoughts for 2023 and beyond at keeping the scale of that exploration budget given that it's yielding results?
Ezra Yacob: Bob, this is Ezra. Yes, this year, you're right, we've -- as we talked at the beginning of this year, we had a number of different exploration plays at a number of different places and evaluation. This year, we're drilling some initial wells, kind of wild cats in the play. Some of the plays are a bit further along and we're trying to delineate because remember, our exploration program, it's not really about producers and dry holes. It's really about how or if these prospects are going to be additive to the quality of our existing inventory. That's what we're really looking for here. Depending on how you bucketize the 20 wells we're talking about here in Point Pleasant is probably the most important thing. It's -- it will basically be another delineation type of year for us across the 400,000-acre position that we've put together. Outside of those 20 wells, that will be the biggest part of next year's kind of exploration delineation type of program, if I'd put it there. We have some ongoing prospects in other areas that we've talked about in the past. Some of those other ones, again, extend similar types of areas, places that have been sleepy in the past, places that are in known oil and natural gas producing areas, places where we're trying to bring modern technology, our advancement of horizontal drilling and completions technologies and combining them with our rock, the understanding of the geologic environment and seen if we can turn those into premium and double premium types of plays, it would be additive to us. And we'll just continue to evaluate as they go. To give you a hard number right now, though, it's just a little bit early, as Billy said, but we'll break that out in February.
Bob Brackett: Very clear. And then kind of a bit nitty-gritty. You mentioned the importance of targeting. You mentioned staying in an 8-foot zone. Is it a stretch to say the secret sauce here is staying in the Point Pleasant?
Ken Boedeker: No, I mean, Bob, this is Ken. We do stay in the Point Pleasant. I think the secret sauce here is really a combination of everything. It's a combination of what we've learned in our other plays and then being able to operationally perform on that. So getting the right petrophysical model to understand that targeting and understand how that targeting varies across the area, and then looking at the 8-foot window that we've kept it in really speaks to being able to perform. This really goes back to just our culture. It really is about the people, and it's about our ability to always attempt to get better, to work on getting better and try to make the next well better than the last. So you put all that together, and that really is the secret sauce for our entire company, let alone our exploration effort.
Bob Brackett: It's clear. And I'll just sneak in a third one, and I apologize. You mentioned the importance of pressure. In the old days, reservoir energy in the Utica was always something that was a challenge. How have you overcome that? And is there maybe a different artificial lift strategy out there to keep that tail producing?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Bob, I think that's why we're in the volatile oil window. We have enough gas in the volatile oil window to help us lift our wells. At this point in time, we don't see that we'll need much artificial lift through the life of these wells. It's being right on that the right portion of that phase window.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai. You may proceed.
Jeanine Wai: Our first question, maybe just following up on Bob's question here. You've disclosed 7 premium operating basins, which is fantastic. The decentralized model has worked very well for EOG so far. But from an organizational perspective, how many basins would be considered too many basins because you're clearly still evaluating other opportunities?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Jeanine, this is Ezra. That's a fantastic question here. It really speaks to what we think is one of our core competitive advantages, and that's the fact that we run a decentralized organization. That's what allows us to kind of cross-pollinate ideas between divisions. In any industry, the success of running a decentralized organization is being able to push decision-making and accountability down to the employees who are kind of touching the wells and closest to the value creation every single day. When you break it up that way and you think about it that way, we have 8 operating teams, and each of those has -- operates as kind of a fully functioning oil company in a lot of ways, if you will. They have a full complement of geologists, engineers, accountants, land mens, marketing people, so on and so forth. Each of these individual asset teams can really handle working across multiple basins. And in fact, to a different type of scale, you see the same type of leverage and benefits that we see at the corporate level is that by exploring in different basins really adds to kind of their understanding. I'll go back to how Ken started this, the Point Pleasant or the Utica play is actually being looked at currently by members of our Oklahoma City team who are quite familiar with the Woodford, the overpressured oil window in the Woodford play. And that play really lended a lot of expertise to our understanding of mechanical stratigraphy. Again, to reference what Ken was talking about on how the rocks actually break and interact with our completion strategy, and that's some of the key characteristics that have helped unlock in a number of our unconventional plays.
Jeanine Wai: And then for our second question, in terms of operational momentum, are you able to provide any color on what activity looks like heading into year-end and early '23? We noticed that 4Q oil guidance is flat at the midpoint quarter-over-quarter. CapEx is up, but that sounds to us like it could be timing-related.
Billy Helms: Yes, Jeanine, this is Billy Helms. You're exactly right, it's just a timing factor. We're currently running all the rigs that we plan to carry into next year. And we'll start looking at adding rigs in different plays. As we go into next year, based on our outlook for the '23 budget, which will firm up as we get closer to that time. The quarter-over-quarter volume growth is pretty flat, and that's just a function of completing wells late in the quarter that will really roll into next year. And that's going to happen in several different plays, the Permian, probably the Dorado play and a little bit in the Eagle Ford as well. So that's just a function of timing of those completions.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of [Kevin MacCurdy]. You may proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: And just getting back to the Utica. Trying to do some back-of-the-envelope math on spending there next year. Would a 3-mile lateral cost in the ballpark of around $15 million? And I guess if you did 20 wells, that would kind of put you at around a $300 million spend rate in the Utica next year. And is that kind of the right assumption for rig add next year?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, this -- Kevin, this is Ken. What we're talking about now is those are 2 million to 3 million-barrel wells that we've talked about and less than a $5 F&D cost. We really haven't given out a number as far as what our development costs will be because we have some additional testing, and we really do want to drill some of our wells on pads and drill them in packages to see what that ultimate development cost will be. So you can use the $5 F&D in the 2 million to 3 million barrels to get a reasonable estimate for well cost.
Unidentified Analyst: And digging in the marketing strategy a little bit in the Utica, I mean, you mentioned that you had plenty of gas takeaway locally. But do you guys have a plan to get that gas out of basin? Just kind of thinking about the knock-on effect if the Utica grows, that might have an impact to Southwest PA basis? And is that of concern for your returns?
Lance Terveen: Yes, Kevin, this is Lance Terveen. Thanks for your question. I'd say even like I talked about earlier, like the marketing component of it is integrated very early on. So I mean we recognize the nat gas like realizations are weaker, but still when we look at our overall portfolio and then how the Utica Combo competes, it's very competitive. And so your earlier question was just as it relates when you think about just kind of downstream takeaway in that. Again, it comes to just the liquids focus that we have in anticipation. I think there's some misconception on kind of the gas rates that those are going to look very similar to like the dry gas wells to the east and other competitors that are in the region when we're going to see lower gas rates that are going to come out of our development. And so when we look at that on a go forward and with the relationships that we have with the capacity that we see on the processing side, the gas sales and the takeaway, we're not foreseeing an issue right now.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Anan Naryanin.
Neil Mehta: This is Neil Mehta. Can you hear me okay?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, we've got you.
Neil Mehta: Okay. I'm sorry about that. Yes, it's Neil Mehta here from Goldman Sachs. So as I had more of a macro question here, which is we haven't seen U.S. oil production, at least in the weekly, move since April of 2022. They've been kind of hanging around this plus/minus 12 million-barrel a day range. And are you surprised that we haven't seen the pickup in U.S. production that a lot of people were anticipating? And I want to tie that into Slide 9 of your deck, which is showing relative maturity of some of the oil plays like the Bakken and increasingly the Eagle Ford and even the Delaware. Are we getting to the point where shale is going to have a tougher time growing and we should be thinking about peak shale production in the United States in the foreseeable future?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, that's a good question. Let me take it one piece at a time here. Since earlier in the year, we've been talking about how we were anticipating a little bit less U.S. growth this year than what many people were forecasting. The reason for that clearly, there's a little bit of inventory exhaustion going on. These basins have been drilled for a number of years. But the biggest thing we based our models on this year was really what we were seeing with again, what's turned into inflationary pressures throughout the year. It's the rig counts, the frac spreads and really the people side of it. There's definitely North American discipline from the E&P sector out here, but there is also a supply chain constraints that have continued to kind of be felt throughout the entire year this year. I do think coming out of the pandemic, we've had a consolidation across the industry, what you've been left. And this is something we've talked about quite a bit, too, is you've been left with less companies and those companies that have the size, the scale, balance sheet, things of that nature to be able to continue to drill and operate. And the majority of those companies are drilling and investing in a way that's more disciplined than what was in favor prior to the pandemic. So I think it's really 3 or 4 different things that have kind of come together to limit U.S. growth. And quite frankly, a lot of those things that I've talked about are not necessarily transitory in nature. Some of these things will really continue into 2023 as well. And so that's why I'd say entering 2023, again, I suspect our forecast on the oil side will probably be a little bit to the low end of many of the numbers that you're seeing out there.
Neil Mehta: Yes, that's helpful. And then a follow-up just on the balance sheet. You guys are clearly have a fortress balance sheet position in a net cash position now. Just talk -- remind us again how you're thinking about minimum cash balances? And what is the Pareto optimal capital structure as you think about your leverage profile?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, thank you for bringing that up. It's something that we're exceptionally proud of. We've always said that in a cyclical industry such as ours, the best thing you can have is not just a strong but a real pristine balance sheet. There's never really been a cash target for us, and there's not one now. We're thrilled to be, as you kind of said, in a unique position where we're able to strengthen the balance sheet this year, but at the same time, return just over $5 billion, $5.1 billion to our shareholders. We've -- as far as the ultimate balance sheet, we have a couple of strategic things. We do have a $5 billion buyback authorization. We've talked about using that opportunistically. That's a compelling strategy to go ahead and carry a little more cash on the balance sheet than what we've done historically. But really, the strategy overall for the company is aimed at creating value in the long run and managing the balance sheet to make counter-cyclic investments is a big piece of that. We've talked about having operational and reserve cash just to stay out of commercial paper. But at the end of the day, when we think about it in a cyclical industry, like I said, the balance sheet provides a lot of optionality to create value. We're committed to delivering on our free cash flow priorities, and that's -- it's founded in growing a sustainable regular dividend, but it also contemplates the minimum commitment of 60% of free cash flow. And both of those are supported by having a very strong balance sheet and, just in general, being focused on doing the right thing at the right time to maximize long-term shareholder returns.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now pass the call back over to Mr. Yacob for final remarks.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you. We want to thank everyone for participating in the call this morning. And we especially want to thank our employees. They've delivered another outstanding quarter for all of EOG's shareholders. Thank you for listening.
Operator: That concludes the conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the EOG Resources’ Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer, EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures can be found on EOG’s website. This conference call also include estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chief Executive Officer; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor Relations. Here is Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday we declared a third special dividend for the year, demonstrating our commitment to deliver long-term shareholder value through our cash return strategy. The $1.50 dividend is supported by another outstanding quarter. We posted adjusted earnings of $2.74 per share and nearly $1.3 billion of free cash flow. So far this year, we have declared $4.30 per share of special dividends. Combined with our peer-leading annualized regular dividend of $3 per share, we are on pace to pay out a minimum of 60% of annual free cash flow. What continues to differentiate EOG is our people and our assets. We have cultivated an inventory of premium and double premium wells that provide a 20-year runway for the company through our focus on organic exploration, supported by a decentralized organizational structure. Our multi-basin portfolio is predominantly the result of having seven North American and one international cross-functional exploration teams that work independently, but collaborate on shared learnings. Our role here in Houston beyond capital allocation is to facilitate those shared learnings across all eight teams. The result is a robust exploration pipeline that continues to both improve the quality of and expand our more than 20-year inventory of premium and double premium wells. Our portfolio includes the Delaware Basin, which remains the largest area of activity in the company and is delivering exceptional returns. After more than a decade of high return drilling, our Eagle Ford asset continues to deliver top tier results while operating at a steady pace. And our emerging South Texas Dorado dry natural gas play and Powder River Basin Mowry and Niobrara combo plays are contributing to EOG’s success today and laying the groundwork for years of future high return investment. In addition, we have tested our Mowry and Niobrara plays in the northern Powder River Basin. Our initial results have demonstrated the untapped potential of this oilier part of the basin as a compliment to the outstanding performance in the southern part of the basin. EOG’s current multi-basin portfolio, offering exposure to both geographic and product diversity alongside several other prospects in our exploration pipeline will continue to expand EOG’s premium inventory and provide through the cycle value creation. Disciplined reinvestment within any given play depends on where we are in the development life cycle of that play. Our multi-basin and portfolio of high return assets, all competitive against our premium hurdle rate, provides invaluable flexibility to invest at the pace that allows each play to get better. It also allows us to plan around basin level market dynamics, impacting services and infrastructure to minimize inflation and bottlenecks. We are able to optimize reinvestment across our total portfolio to add reserves at low refining costs, lower the overall cost base of the company, and continue to improve EOG’s company-wide capital efficiency. This quarter, we are highlighting, iSense, our continuous methane monitoring system that we piloted in the Delaware Basin and are now deploying in our most active development areas. iSense is yet another example of how EOG’s decentralized model, not only fosters innovation across eight teams, but also compounds the impact of innovation by taking ideas born in one operating area and expanding them across multiple basins. From the latest information technology-driven solutions to reduce emissions, to innovation focused on drilling and completions operations, to procurement of casing and sand EOG is unique in its ability to leverage its culture and operating structure to get incrementally better every year. The tremendous inventory and cost improvements we have made over the last several years, provides high confidence in the low breakevens and operational flexibility of our business. This confidence in our business, along with the strength of our industry-leading balance sheet, [indiscernible] this quarter to terminate a significant portion of our oil and natural gas hedges. Going forward, we expect to hedge significantly less than the 20% to 30% of volumes we typically hedged in prior years. The current operating environment is challenging given the volatility of commodity prices and inflation headwinds. Through it all our employees have remained focused on execution and have improved the business. Our second quarter performance is proof of that. We delivered more oil for less capital and in the face of a unique inflationary environment, our forecast for capital expenditure this year remains unchanged. EOG’s, consistent execution, low cost structure, reduced hedge position and transparent cash return strategy based on a regular dividend that we have never suspended or cut that has grown 21 of the last 24 years and is now competitive with the broader market, puts EOG in its strongest position ever to deliver significant value to shareholders through the cycle. Here is Billy with an operational update and early look at 2023.
Billy Helms: Thanks Ezra. We posted outstanding results in the second quarter. Our performance included exceeding the midpoints of our production guidance while capital expenditures and total per unit operating cost beat forecasted targets. So once again, more oil for less capital. I’d like to thank our employees for their dedication and persistence to execute and deliver such outstanding results. As we have guided to all year, our oil growth year-over-year will be about 4% to return our production to pre-COVID levels. Halfway through the year, we’re on track to deliver that objective and have done so against a challenging supply chain backdrop. The upper price pressure on steel, fuel and labor continues due to ongoing supply constraints initiated by COVID and extended by the war in Ukraine. The impact of this has resulted in inflationary headwinds that have meaningfully exceeded our initial expectations earlier this year, making it increasingly challenging to maintain flat well cost. However, our employees continue to innovate and deliver efficiencies that offset a significant portion of this inflationary pressure. For example, in our Delaware Basin drilling operation, our down-hole drilling motor program is providing solid performance improvements, generating a 13% year-over-year increase in the foots drilled promoter run. The motor program and other improvements, are reducing drilling times versus last year. In the Eagle Ford, our drilling teams have improved the footage drilled per day by 11% versus last year, while also managing drilling parameters to reduce the cost of drilling fluids by 10%. In our completion operations, we had previously discussed the company’s plans to increase the use of super-zipper completions, which are 40% faster than normal zipper operations. We have now utilized this technique on about 65% of EOG’s completed wells year-to-date, which is yielding an 11% improvement in the lateral footage completed per day. Super-zipper completions combined with our focus on more efficient operational practices, has increased the amount of pumping hours per day by 24%. In addition, we continue to progress our self-sourced sand program and expect to further reduce sand cost in the second half of the year and extend those savings into 2023. All in all, we now expect our well cost to see a modest, single digit increase over last year. And most of this increase will be seen in the second half of the year. However, we’re able to leverage our operational flexibility within our multi-basin portfolio, such that our capital and volume plan remains unchanged. Now turning to the macro backdrop, oil field service capacity remains extremely tight and is further constrained by the limited availability of materials and experienced labor, driving uncertainty in the cost of services, not only for this year, but also for 2023. These constraints are more concentrated in areas with the highest activities such as the Permian Basin. EOG’s multi-basin portfolio provides us the flexibility to manage these constraints by optimizing activity between our multiple plays to maximize our return on investment. Just as in the past EOG will play to its strengths to mitigate where possible the inflationary pressure and operational constraints facing us. We’re currently taking steps to secure services for next year, and we’ll know more about the 2023 outlook next quarter. Regarding production growth, it’s too early to discuss next year’s plans with any degree of precision. However, it is important to recognize we will maintain our discipline. And as we see things today, would expect low, single digit oil growth similar to this year. On the natural gas side, we’re excited about the results of our South Texas Dorado play and its ability to play an increasing role in supplying the growing demand of petrochemical and LNG markets along the Gulf Coast. As we allocate future capital based on returns, this play will command additional investment, not only to meet the growing demand, but also for infrastructure needed to capture the value chain from the wellhead to the market center. These investments not only generate healthy returns, but ultimately lead to lower well cost and lower long-term unit operating cost. We also expect to fund our emerging and promising exploration plays as we improve the company for the future. Now here is Ken to give you an update on our emissions reductions effort.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. This quarter, we are providing details on our continuous methane monitoring project, which is an example of the progress we’re making in our emission reduction efforts. Over the last several years, our leak detection and repair program, or LDAR has advanced from sound, sight, smell surveys to surveys using more accurate optical gas imaging, to today’s deployment of scalable solutions of the latest technology, continuous methane monitoring. This technology detects potential leaks and provides real-time alerts to help accelerate repairs and will provide data and trend analysis to potentially prevent future methane releases. We’ve been evaluating continuous methane monitoring technology for a few years. There are several third-party systems and technologies available to monitor and detect potential methane leaks, which use intermittent or continuous monitoring technology. About 18 months ago, we began a pilot project using a solution we built in-house named iSense, which is a fence-line monitoring solution that uses methane sensing technology to continuously monitor facilities and provide real-time alerts of potential leaks to a central control room. We tested iSense against monitoring solutions in use and available in the market today and confirmed that our sensor detected methane release events consistent with these third-party systems. The results from these tests confirmed that iSense is the most effective solution for EOG to use, to detect and accelerate leak repairs while also being scalable and economic. Like so many of our innovations, this technology is being spearheaded by our employees across the company. Since the pilot, our employees are rapidly deploying iSense in the field, prioritizing areas of highest potential impact. The initial installations are focused in the Delaware basin and currently cover about 60% of our production. We expect that most of the remaining Delaware basin production will be monitored by iSense by year-end. We’ll continue to roll out iSense in other operating areas next year. Using our proprietary system allows us to own the data creation, flow and storage, which is a priority with all our information systems, owning the iSense data and retaining direct control of its collection provides invaluable flexibility to improve both data quality, as well as the tools to analyze and integrate iSense data with existing operational data from our production facilities. This data, along with our ability to monitor our operations for many of our four control rooms will enhance the 24/7 capability to continuously identify, prioritize and repair leaks. In the future, when data from iSense is paired with other real-time production data, we expect to be able to make improvements in the design of facilities to minimize releases. We’re also optimistic that we will be able to more readily predict the likely size and source of a methane release. Leveraging technology to enhance our methane leak detection and repair program is another great example of EOG’s culture of continuous improvement throughout all our operations. Our employees have embraced the company’s a mission reduction efforts and I’m excited to see how EOG’s culture of innovation and technology will continue to drive creative solutions. Now here’s Jeff to discuss the progress we’ve made in our premium combo play in the Southern Powder River Basin.
Jeff Leitzell: Thanks Ken, our emerging Mowry and Niobrara plays in the Southern Powder River Basin have made significant progress recently. The powder returned to steady development last year, after a pullback in 2020, driven by the pandemic. Results in 2021 were stellar with respect to both well performance and well cost reduction. Strong results to-date combined with the benefit of infrastructure investments have positioned the Mowry and Niobrara plays to command more capital in 2023 and beyond. The Powder River Basin is an established operating area for both EOG and the industry that has experienced several chapters of development over its history. The latest chapter for EOG kicked off in 2018 when we moved the Mowry and Niobrara plays into commercial development, we identified nearly 1,500 net premium locations between both targets over our 130,000 net acre position in the Southern part of the basin. Since 2018, we have made great strides in fine tuning our technical model to improve the predictability and performance of the wells. We’ve delineated the different parts of the basin, hydrating the specific landing zones. The basin has stacked potential similar to the Permian with two widespread well-known, very robust source rocks in the Mowry and Niobrara. Amongst those two source rocks are hybrid opportunities, such as silt zones and sand zones, a whole section of reservoir that really lends itself to horizontal drilling and completions. We have also made targeted infrastructure investments in recent years, which have helped lower the cost structure in each play. We have added nearly 40 miles of water pipeline in 2.5 million barrels of water storage capacity. Our water infrastructure investment in the PRB has allowed us to source about 90% of our water used in our operations from reuse, reducing costs for both water sourcing and disposal. We have also invested in infrastructure to enable local sand sourcing, the installation of a high pressure gas gathering system has been instrumental in achieving a 99.8% gas capture rate. The infrastructure is also benefiting our operating costs, per unit lease, operating expense in the powder is among the lowest in the company. The PRB is farther from market than some of our other premium plays. However, the Mowry and Niobrara have several advantages that more than make up for it. First and foremost, the wells have some of the largest per well reserves in the company on a barrel of oil equivalent basis. In the Southern PRB, the Niobrara and Mowry formations are more combo that is they produce a mix of oil and natural gas. While the laterals are also longer at 9,500 feet, which contributes to the higher recoveries while performance is mostly due to the quality of the reservoir and composition of the products with a large component of natural gas that supports higher recoveries. To-date, EOG has completed about 40 net Mowry and Niobrara wells in the Southern PRB. This year, we anticipate completing 15 net Mowry and Niobrara wells and expect to significantly increase that activity next year. As a result of our exploration work on the entire Powder River Basin hydrocarbon system over the last few years, we have also built an additional 110 net acre block in the north, extending our acreage in the productive fairway to 90 miles. The Northern area is a historically underexplored part of the basin. And after recognizing the potential in the area, we corded up acreage adjacent to our legacy 8 acreage through a series of trades and small bolt-on transactions, utilizing reservoir data for multiple plays. We identified landing zones in the Mowry and Niobrara formation with favorable petrophysical and geomechanical properties and began testing. We drilled four successful delineation wells, which we believe are industry first in the area. While it is still early in the delineation, we’ve confirmed the development potential of our Northern Powder River Basin acreage to add to our future premium inventory. The Mowry and Niobrara combo plays in the Southern Powder River Basin stand today, well positioned to compete for capital within the portfolio and combined with our position to the north, the basin has significant investment potential for years to come. Next up is Lance to provide some color on our marketing position in the Powder.
Lance Terveen: Thanks Jeff. As we look further downstream, the investment in infrastructure that has lowered the cost structure in the Southern Powder River Basin also allows us to apply our time tested marketing strategy of establishing multiple connections to provide market pricing diversification. Today, we hold sufficient processing, transportation and fractionation capacity for natural gas liquids out of the PRB. We have access to both the Mid-Continent at Conway, Kansas, and the Gulf Coast at Mount Bellevue, Texas, and underappreciated aspect of the Mowry and Niobrara wells is the prolific NGL production and the heavier post-processing mix of NGLs they produce. After processing to minimize ethane extraction, our Powder River Basin in NGL barrel contains approximately 10% ethane, 45% propane, and the remainder being butanes and more of a heavier NGLs resulting in an NGL to WTI price ratio of over 50%. In the first half of this year, our NGL price realization was $53.01, which is a $7.17 premium to the Mount Bellevue typical barrel. In addition, the quality of the Powder River Basin oil has an average API gravity of 44 to 47 and remains in high demand. During the first half of this year, realized prices for our oil production out of the PRB were WTI plus $1.63 with access to both Wyoming and Cushing, Oklahoma markets. Stepping back, I’d like to review our marketing strategy for the company as a whole and all our active development areas we want to retain control of our products and establish multiple sales points, which adds significant value. For example, in the first half of this year, we transported an average of 188,000 barrels of oil per day for export, which represents about 30% of gross production with optionality to sell based on a WTI or a Brent Index with the widening of the Brent WTI spread, we have the opportunity to take advantage of our capacity to deliver up to 250,000 barrels of oil per day for export. For propane, we have delivered 19,000 barrels per day for export at premium prices to Mount Bellevue. We also continue to see strong uplift in our natural gas price realizations due to our early mover advantage, securing 140,000 MMBtus per day, linked to JKM through Cheniere LNG facility in Corpus Christi. Cheniere recently announced FID or final investment decision on Stage 3 in Corpus Christi. When Stage 3 goes in service, EOG will triple its exposure to JKM to 420,000 MMBtus per day. We continue to see constructive long-term demand for all our products, both domestically along the Gulf Coast and internationally. To unlock that value, you need control of your products, transportation capacity, and an early mover advantage to capture spreads quickly. As we look down the road, EOG is well positioned to capture the strength of prices in these export markets to generate additional cash flow and value to shareholders. Next up is Ezra for concluding remarks.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Lance. We believe EOG is differentiated for the following reasons. We have a diverse portfolio of assets across multiple basins providing geographic and product diversity. We are a reliable and consistent high performing operator. We have among the lowest cost structures. We are committed to sustainability. We maintain an exceptional balance sheet. Our cash return strategy is transparent. Our regular dividend is competitive with the broader market. And finally, the EOG culture is one of a kind and it’s at the core of our differentiated performance. We believe there are only a handful of North American E&P companies that have the asset quality, the size, the scale to compete globally on oil and gas cost of supply. And on top of that, produce the barrels with a lower environmental footprint. In the future, those are the companies that the world is going to want to deliver additional barrels. And we firmly believe that EOG is a leader in that group of North American E&Ps. Thanks for listening. We’ll now go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Leo Mariani of MKM Partners. Leo, please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, totally realize that it’s obviously way too early for 2023 guidance at this point. You guys did have some prepared comments, which kind of said as things stand today. You would look to grow oil kind of low-single digits next year. I guess it feels like a bit of a pivot from what you all had said in the past, which was kind of this 8% to 10% oil growth would kind of be optimal sort of operating speed for EOG as kind of something changed in terms of how you look at kind of optimizing the operations versus the growth of the company.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this is Ezra. I appreciate your question. Really, what we’ve always talked about is that our growth is really the output of our ability to generate high returns from a disciplined reinvestment strategy. And that’s really what we’ve tried to describe today is as you pointed out, first of all, it is early to talk about 2023. But ultimately, we’re committed to remaining disciplined. We want to focus investment in each of our assets at a level where they can continue to improve every year. Directionally, as we see it today, how the supply and demand balances look, the constraints on services, the associated inflationary pressures, oil growth will likely be similar to this year. And as Billy highlighted, we’d expect to direct additional investment towards our Dorado natural gas play based on the positive results that we’re seeing there.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That’s helpful. And I just wanted to ask on the capital. Obviously, you’re one of the few companies did not raise the CapEx budget thus far here in 2022. You described a lot of the ways that you’re able to kind of keep costs lower and some of the innovation that you’ve sort of had. I did notice that you did pull some of the wells out of the schedule this year. It’s not big numbers, just talking a few on the margin. Just wanted to get a sense, is there any thought that you’re maybe doing a little bit less to kind of stay within the budget and just kind of looking at where you were in the first half and third quarter guidance. Is it fair to say you’re probably kind of in the upper half of the CapEx for the year?
Billy Helms: Yes. Leo, this is Billy Helms. Yes, the small change in well count is really just a result of two things, one is timing. Some of the wells that were scheduled to complete at year-end are going to slip into the next year. It’s just a timing thing. The other factor that plays into that is a change in working interest in some of our plays. We’ve had slightly lower working interest in some of our Delaware Basin wells in the second half of the year. Just to illustrate how minimal that is, that’s only about a 2% average change in working interest across the year. So it’s a very minuscule amount, but that explains the change in the well count. As far as the CapEx, we’re very pleased, as you can tell from the comments we made about the ability of our teams to continue to innovate and drive efficiencies in our business to offset inflation. Inflation turns out to be just a little bit higher than we anticipated this year, so we are going to see a slight increase in our well cost as we go through especially the second half of the year, but we’re still confident we’re going to stay within our guidance and don’t expect to face additional costs that will increase our budget.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan Chase. Arun, please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Hey, good morning. I appreciate the color on the Powder River Basin, but I guess my first question is just thinking about capital allocation between the basins as we think about next year. Today, Ezra, I think 22 of 24 of your rig lines are either in the Delaware or Eagle Ford, you have one rig in the Powder River Basin. You mentioned in your comments you plan to lean a little bit on Dorado next year and significantly increase perhaps the mix of activity in the Powder River Basin. Just wondering if you can give us a sense of how your activity could shift as we think about next year and how many rig lines you may have in the Powder.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun, this is Billy. As far as capital allocation, as we see it today, there’s a lot of factors play into that, of course, and it’s early to say where we’re going to be still we’ll have quite a bit of activity in the Delaware Basin going forward. It is a premier play in the company, and certainly, that will continue to command quite a bit of capital. Eagle Ford has been, as you know, a performance engine for the company for the last decade or longer. And that will – and they’re generating outstanding results. So that will still command capital. As we compare – we allocate capital based on returns and certainly, the encouragement we’re seeing from Dorado and the activity there is showing us the ability to be able to continue to fund that program going forward. And then the confidence we have in the new emerging Powder River Basin gives us a sense that, that will also come in quite a bit of activity. So the ratios, I would say, are going to stay similar. As far as the Powder River Basin and our overall capital plan, that will depend on the outlook for commodities at that time, but the – what we’re going to see in the Powder, just to be clear, is a shift of activity from some of their older traditional plays, the Turner and the Parkman to some of the deeper, more emerging plays and then Mowry more specifically and the Nio. So you’ll see that shift. The amount of capital allocated to that play will also depend on just the commodity price outlook that we see for the year once we get closer to that. But overall, we’re – the takeaway from that, I would think, would be that the flexibility we have with the multiple plays we have to chase to continue to add value long-term to the shareholders.
Arun Jayaram: Great. My follow-up is just maybe one for Tim. Just maybe a housekeeping question. Tim, in the 10-Q, you have $1.8 billion of collateral postings associated with hedge activity. I was wondered if you could help us think about the potential runoff of those collateral postings as well as maybe the timing of when you plan to pay off the $1.25 billion of bonds. Is that later this year or in 2023?
Tim Driggers: Yes. This is Tim. As far as the bond, that is 2023. It’s in the first quarter of 2023 is when that will mature. We have no plans to pay it off early. As far as the collateral they run off kind of like the hedges that we’ve given you the timing of when those hedges are in our 10-Q. So it kind of runs off as that timing comes off. It all depends, of course, on where the strip goes, how that comes off. But right now, it’s based on the strip, and that would be how it would come off, just as those run off.
Arun Jayaram: All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Thanks. And if I could ask a question, one more question maybe on the PRB. You all highlight some good commodity price realizations that you’re all seeing there. Is that something that you think can persist going forward? And is it a function of what’s happening in the basin overall? Or is it specifically something EOG’s got in place that allows you to kind of benefit there a little bit more.
Lance Terveen: Hey Scott, this is Lance Terveen. Thanks for your question. Yes, when you think about the price realizations, I think the broader message is just you can really just see how competitive the Powder is with all our other plays. I mean, operationally, I mean, you heard Jeff kind of outline a lot of things in the opening comments, but even for our products, we continue to just really see it being in high demand. For example, like even on the crude, you have to remember one of the important attributes up in the Powder, especially related to EOG, is just think about the crude quality. I mean today, we’re kind of seeing right around 44, 45. We expect that to kind of be a 44, 47, kind of over time. And so we really want to protect that quality. We’ve secured 500,000 barrels of storage is kind of in the field. We’ve got firm capacity to both Guernsey and the Cushing market. So having that multiple flexibility where we can show that kind of high demand barrel and the API quality that we have keep it kind of segregated with that API quality, it’s really a value when we sell direct to our refiners. And so just being able to have that value and have that quality and consistency is key, and so we draw a lot of that experience from what we’ve done in the Eagle Ford and also in the Powder – I mean, I’m sorry, in the Delaware Basin. But yes, that’s – it’s – the quality is what you’re seeing on the price realizations. And then as you think about the NGLs, you’re seeing mostly ethane rejection that’s happening there. So most of that, you’re seeing the ethane that’s going to be going more towards like an MMBtu or selling that as a gas. And so that is a heavier barrel that you’re seeing that we kind of show. But again, we have the market flexibility. We can show that barrel in Conway. We can also show that barrel in Mont Belvieu. So we can kind of are that flexibility to and look at those spreads. So getting kind of back to your question, I mean, really the quality and then the flexibility that we have with the multiple markets and it’s in an area that’s absolutely in demand as we.
Scott Hanold: Got it. Thanks for that. And as my follow-up, I want to ask a question on Trinidad. And it looks like you’re guiding down a fair amount for gas production in Trinidad. And I know you’ve had some exploration success there, and I think you’re drilling a development or you have or you’re going to be drilling a development well this year. So can you give us a sense of like what to expect from Trinidad? And is it more of the relative pricing dynamic there versus Dorado in terms of like which play is going to get sort of more capital investment?
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott, this is Billy Helms. So for Trinidad, we’ve had, as you know, a long successful history of really maintaining pretty much flat production with minimal investment, and it generates quite a bit of cash for the company – cash flow for the company. So it’s been a very successful project for multiple decades now. We still see exploration opportunities and are still counting on exploration success going forward just based on the things we see today. The small guide down in gas production, especially in the next, say, the rest of this year, is based on some turnaround projects we have on some of the compressor stations and platforms in the field. So it’s just an operational issue really in the manifest in the third quarter mainly. So -- but as we start to drill some of these exploration wells, we still have confidence that production base will continue.
Scott Hanold: Okay. Okay. So it should turn around back to sort of normal levels by early 2023. Is that right?
Billy Helms: Yes, that’s right.
Scott Hanold: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning. Just coming back to the inflation question, I know you guys have previously commented that you don’t see an outsized inflationary impact on EOG next year from contract role or any other factors. But have you engaged in these earlier than normal discussions for services and consumables, et cetera. Are you still confident that the inflation that you experienced next year will not be any worse than the industry trends?
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott, this is Billy Helms, again. On the inflation question, I think I would distinguish a little bit there. I think we’re recognizing the inflation that everybody else in the industry is seeing. We’re able to combat that really through a lot of the efficiencies we drive through our business. And that’s really a result of the culture we have of continuous improvement and the quality of the staff we have in each of our operating divisions. So now the contracting strategy has always been a long-term thing for EOG. We worked with our vendors, our partners on the service side. And our contracts are always a little bit staggered so that all the contracts don’t roll off at the same time. That gives us a lot of flexibility to also manage the commodity cycles to make sure we have a consistent operating performance level going into the year. We always start about this time of year. So I wouldn’t say we’re starting any earlier than we typically do. I think we always started sometime here in the middle part of the year to start securing services for the next year as we see things play out. We take opportunities as we see those emerge to make arrangements with vendors and our service partners to secure those services in the upcoming year and that determines the level of services that we secure for next year’s well cost. We typically like to think about securing about 50% to 60% of the well cost ahead of any given year. And that range depends on the opportunities we see with service partners to lock in those services. This year, we expect to be somewhat the same as we go into next year, but it -- we’ll see as we get closer to the year-end, but that’s how we see the inflation. Obviously, we expect with the tightness in the market, we’re going to see some additional inflationary pressure going into next year. So just anticipating that, we could see another uptick in our well cost going into next year, but we expect to, again, moderate a lot of that with our efficiency gains.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then a follow-up here on the 60% distribution threshold really in light of the early hedge settlement payments you made this quarter, so if you include those payments which you guys are doing your reporting, then you guys are running ahead of the threshold. But if you assume those are more of a onetime hit to free cash, then you’re running a little bit behind that threshold. And I know you look at the threshold on an annual basis. So I guess the question is, what’s your appetite to approach the 60% payout for the year removing the impact of the $1.3 billion in early head settlement payments?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott, this is Ezra. Just a little bit of color on that. Obviously, the Board decides the dividend each quarter. They review our business needs, the macro environment, the cash position, so on and so forth. And as you said, the $1.50 per share special this quarter, which brings the total dividend commitment to right at $7.30 per share is on pace to achieve the minimum of a 60% free cash flow return. And I think that’s the emphasis on there is that the 60% is a minimum. Ultimately, it’s up to the Board, like I said, to return additional cash in 2022. The way to think about those early terminations of the hedges is really a reflection, I think, of our confidence in improving the financial profile of the company. Our ability to navigate inflationary pressures this year flexibility to allocate capital across multiple resource plays, which are each delivering exceptional returns and really our ability to continue to lower the cost base of the company. These are all things that deliver expanded free cash flow opportunities for EOG.
Scott Gruber: Great. Appreciate the color, Ezra. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities. Neal, please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: My first question is maybe for you or Tim, on a little bit different capital allocation. Specifically, I’m trying to get a sense of what you all would need to see either quantitative and qualitatively need to see to start potentially look at more or, I guess, as guys calling out there leading into buybacks. Do you have an understand you all have bought back shares for years and we did see a decent decline a month or so from the highs. So I’m just wondering when you guys think about buybacks, what -- when you say opportunistic, what really goes into that?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra. Thank you for the question. Basically, we evaluate a buyback just like any other investment decision. And really, what we do is we look to see how it’s going to create long-term shareholder value. And as you highlighted and as we’ve discussed previously, the $5 billion share repurchase authorization that we have in place, we’ve talked about using it opportunistically. And what that means for us is using it during times of what we would say are significant dislocations in the market. And that’s as opposed to a more programmatic system. And quite frankly, this year, during Q2, we didn’t really see a what we would say was a significant dislocation. We definitely witnessed a lot of volatility, I think, rather than a dislocation. The volatility was due -- is driven by changes to the oil inventories that we saw that was really due to the SPR releases. We saw some concern over demand destruction associated with the inflationary pressures across the broad market. We saw some potential for weaker demand associated with the uptick of COVID cases. But ultimately, in our view, these are all kind of short-term events that really don’t change the fundamental supply and demand picture.
Neal Dingmann: I like how you all thinking about that, Ezra. And then my second or follow-up likely for Billy, just on vertical integration, specifically. You all have other areas -- other oilfield service areas besides you mentioned the self-sourced sand. And I’m just wondering do you have other areas that, I guess, you would call it more vertically integrated or that you would think about doing that. And I’m just wondering that also on that self-source sand, how much capacity do you have on that side?
Billy Helms: Yes, Neal, this is Billy. Certainly, on the self-source sand, you named one of the primary ones. It’s a big part of our program. We’ve been doing that, as you might remember, for more than a decade. And what we’ve been able to do is find ways to get the source of the sand closer and closer to the wellhead, minimizing not only the cost of the product, but also the transportation involved in getting it to the wellhead. We are expanding that through the rest of the year such that we’ll be able to continue to supply greater and greater amounts from our own self-sourced mines, so we’re excited about the growth in that. Other areas that we self source, there’s a number of them. I mentioned briefly in the prepared comments, a note to our efforts to take control of the drilling motors that we use in our drilling operation. That’s a small thing maybe, but it’s a big driver of performance when it comes to that part of the business. And we recognized that a couple of years ago, built up some expertise in our staff to address that. We worked specifically to not only design, but also build and oversee the maintenance of those motors that ultimately drives the improved performance and we’re seeing great results from that program. And that’s another differentiator in our drilling performance that allows us to continue to offset inflation. Some of the other things, as you know, we’ve been managing our tubular inventory for many, many years as well. we deal directly with the steel mills, which gives us a lot of advantages in the sense of having some clarity or some certainty on the market and kind of what that’s indicating to get ahead of issues where we see it, take advantage of opportunities to secure those at lower cost and make sure that we have pipe for our programs on a go-forward basis. So those are maybe a couple of other things that would give you some color on what we’re doing.
Neal Dingmann: That’s great details, Billy. Thank you guys for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Doug, please go ahead. Doug Leggate, your line is now open. You can proceed with your question.
Doug Leggate: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for letting me on. Ezra, Slide 5, your latest assessment of cash flow doesn’t give any numbers around it in terms of breakeven. I wonder if I could just ask you to look into 2023 and give us an update of where you see your sustaining capital and the breakeven oil and gas prices that go along with that, the assumptions behind that, if you don’t mind.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, we haven’t released that and we did remove the breakeven slide from earlier this year, because of the significant change in gas prices that have gone on in the first six months of the year. The best thing I can point to is the fact that we continue to bring on lower-cost reserves, basically focused on the premium and double premium wells into the cost base of the company. You can look at the reduction in our unit costs and the reduction in our DD&A rate year-over-year to kind of infer the reduction in our breakevens.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I’ll push David on this and see if we can get him to put it back in, because it’s a pretty critical input to, obviously, the market’s perception of free cash flow, but I appreciate the answer. My follow-up Ezra, I apologize in advance, you’re not going to like this, but it’s a follow-up from the share buyback question. Application in your stock is subjected obviously, but if I look at your share performance in absolute terms and in relative terms in particular for the last four or five years it’s – it’s really struggled to against the rest of the sector. And one could interpret from your comments about dislocations and a version perhaps the buybacks that you don’t see value in your stock. So if you could address that versus the transitory nature of a special dividend, why you wouldn’t want to step in to just about every one of your peers is doing something on buybacks and their share performance is quite different from yours on a relative basis. So any thoughts around that would be appreciated?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. The first thing I would say is that, that’s right, I think it’s stating the obvious that that I feel that our stock is undervalued right now. But again we look at that buyback and investment in that buyback we compare it against other opportunities in the business to create shareholder value – long-term shareholder value. And when we do that, when we compare it versus reinvesting in the business drilling these double premium, these premium wells at a 30% and a 60% direct after tax rate return based on $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. It’s a very, very high hurdle. So when we think about what can create longer term value for the shareholder, we see the benefit of reinvesting in the business, driving down our long-term well cost, lowering the break evens as we talked about has a very, very competitive portion of allocation. Now with regards on the transitory nature comparison with the transferring nature of a special dividend, I think again it goes back to the way that we look at the buyback with regard to our shareholders. Buying repurchasing shares during a volatile movement in the stock price, I think our shareholders prefer to have the assurity of special dividends coming back to them as opposed to us trying to time the volatility in the markets. Now that’s different from what – again, I would go back to what we call a significant market dislocation, where I think though you’d have an opportunity there that would compete very favorably to create long-term shareholder value.
Doug Leggate: It’s a tricky one, I guess, a special dividend doesn’t reinvesting and if you think your stock is undervalued, then one could argue that the volatility is something you got to live with, but you think – I guess we’re never going to – we’re probably not going to agree on this, but it seems to me the special dividend is, yes, it’s the lesser permanent input from the share price, I guess is what I was getting at. But anyway, I appreciate your answer, as I always appreciate your perspective. Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning. Two questions please. Ezra, could you comment on the A&D market in, for example, in Eagle Ford, I think you gentlemen have said the asset is getting a little bit tired. So do you see opportunity to make maybe more sizeable bolt-on acquisition that to beef up the operation there? And secondly, that just wondering that have you guys get a chance to review the new tender proposal on the tax law changes? And how that – what would be any major impact to EOG? Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you, Paul. This is Ezra. Let me attack that first question on the Eagle Ford and then I’ll hand it over to Tim Driggers to give some feedback on the tax law proposals. So on the A&D market there in the Eagle Ford, yes, let me – let me clarify how we’re viewing the Eagle Ford right now. We’re on pace to deliver for the second year in the row, basically record rates have return and record finding costs in our drilling program there. And the big thing that it comes to is it kind of fits back into some of my opening comments talking about the right investment rate for plays at different life cycles. So clearly our Eagle Ford position has reached a point where it’s not a main focus area for growth anymore, but what we see is a very, very long runway of exceptional returns on those wells as you were reinvesting them assuming that we’re moving at the right pace, where our team has the ability to execute on lowering costs, increasing incrementally the well productivity. As far as expanding our footprint there, we still have a very robust Eagle Ford inventory position. When I think about the Eagle Ford position we’ve talked about 7,000 locations and being approximately halfway drilled through those locations. So still well over 10 years worth of inventory to drill on. The other thing about looking to do A&D in an established basin like that is just going to be the cost of acquisition. We primarily focus our exploration efforts and we always have for the two decades that we’ve been involved in unconventional resources on organic or Greenfield lease acquisitions because that low cost of entry is critically important to providing through cycle value to the shareholders. Those – the PDP value that you would have to pay for in an established area, or just established acreage prices. Those things stay with you on your books forever. It raises the cost base of the company and is really antithesis to what we’ve been trying to do over the last few years by shifting to premium and now double premium drilling. Tim, would you like to please comment on the tax proposals?
Tim Driggers: Sure. Paul, as far as the proposal we’re in the process of reviewing that as is everyone else currently. But specifically looking at the minimum tax proposal, we do not see that is having any detriment to EOGs. We are a full taxpayer already, so as we model it currently, it will have no impact on EOG.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Jeanine, please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, thanks for taking our questions. Maybe just following up on Paul’s question there, low cost bolt-ons have always been part of your capital allocation strategy, and we noticed the cash flow statement had about $350 million of that in there. Any color on whether that was primarily blocking and tackling in your active areas, or is that more on the exploration front?
Billy Helms: Yes, Jeanine, this is Billy Helms. That particular acquisition is really just an opportunity we found to bolt-on some largely primarily acreage in some of our exploration plays, very little if no production on those plays. And it just is another way that we can continue to add and grow at a low cost our exploration opportunity set that we see in the future of the company.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. And then maybe just a quick-one on marketing, you talked about – you’ve got optionality for up to 250,000 barrels a day of brent exposure. You’re not electing that much right now, but we’re looking at your production levels out of the Permian and the Eagle Ford, and so what’s the capacity to increase beyond that 250,000 or maybe to get to that 250,000? And if you were to take on some more exposure on that, is this really looking at things more on the contract side, or are you also securing to, or are you also open to securing more dock space on your own? Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Jeanine, thanks for the question. Good question too as timely. The exports especially for crude oil has been an important component of our marketing strategy, but when you really look just from an industry standpoint too, I mean, refiners in the U.S. are not expanding. I mean, if anything it’s degrading, right? I mean, we’re seeing our market share; you’re seeing refineries shutting down. You’re seeing refiners that are being repurposed and so we had a view going all the way back to 2018 that we wanted to have a significant export position that we could access from multiple plays. And I know one of your questions there was just, how do we think about the Delaware Basin? Or how do we think about the Eagle Ford? And you’re exactly right, that was all in our contracting that we wanted to be able to have a large position that we could access from both of those plays. So if you think about it today, we have that 250,000 and yes, that facility is expandable. But we have 5 million barrels of storage. I mean, we can segregate WTL, WTI; we can segregate our Eagle Ford. I mean, we are in a premier position as we think about from a low cost and being in early with our tankage position and then also with the capacity that we have out of the Delaware Basin from a transport position and also from the Eagle Ford. So what I would say is we can – we can transact very quickly. We have tankage that’s in place, and so if we feel the need that we needed to push more across, that’s absolutely something that we could do.
Jeanine Wai: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Hey, good morning Ezra and team. Just one question for me, it’s just – can you give us the lay of the land of how the Dorado program is shaking up – shaping up and how do you think about the net asset as we go into next year from a planning perspective, but as we continue to see the gas curve is firmed up here? How do you think Dorado can fit into the overall U.S. gas picture? Thank you.
Ken Boedeker: Yes. Neil, this is Ken. At this time we really have two-drilling or executive in the Dorado play. And just to give you a little bit of a background on it, since 2018 we’ve drilled and completed over 30 of our 1,250 premium locations, both in the Austin Chalk and the Eagle Ford and we’ve really made excellent progress on reducing well cost and enhancing our geologic understanding and increasing our well performance. We’ve increased our lateral length and we’re really operationally being able to execute. As far as how 2023 goes, it’s a little early to talk about the 2023 program yet. Obviously we’ll remain disciplined with our investment there. First to make sure that the market needs the gas and second to make sure we’re operationally getting better. We – one thing to keep in mind is we really don’t need a lot of wells there to grow production significantly given the performance of the wells and their shallow decline rate.
Neil Mehta: Thanks Ken.
Operator: In the interest of time that is the end of the Q&A session today. So I’ll now hand you over to Mr. Yacob for closing remarks.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. We want to thank everyone for participating in the call this morning and thanks to our shareholders for their continued support. We especially want to recognize our employees for their performance this quarter. Our discussion today highlights their focus on making EOG a low cost operator, generating high returns and lowering our environmental footprint each and every year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the EOG Resources First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliations schedules for these non-GAAP measures can be found on the EOG’s website. This conference call also include estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chief Executive Officer; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration & Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration & Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor & Public Relations. Here’s Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks Tim. Good morning, everyone. EOG’s cash return strategy demonstrates our commitment to deliver long-term shareholder value. Yesterday, we declared a second special dividend for the year of $1.80 per share following last quarter’s $1 per share. Combined with our peer-leading annualized regular dividend of $3 per share year-to-date, we have announced $3.4 billion in cash return to shareholders in 2022. EOG has a strong history of cash return. Since we began trading as an independent company in 1999, we have delivered a sustainable growing regular dividend. It has never been cut or suspended and its 23-year compound annual growth rate is 22%. Since the transition to premium drilling in 2016, our dividend compound annual growth rate has been even higher at 28% including doubling our dividend last year. Today, our regular dividend not only leads our E&P peer group. It is more than competitive across all sectors of the market. More recently, we have supplemented our regular dividend with significant special dividends, reflecting our commitment to both capital discipline and returning cash to shareholders. While we are proud of our cash return track record, we acknowledge shareholders desire for more transparency and predictability. To provide both, we recently formalized and yesterday announced our cash return commitment of returning a minimum of 60% of annual free cash flow. Going forward, our intention is to evaluate and pay the regular dividend and consider options for additional cash return every quarter. The addition of quantitative guidance to our cash return framework reflects our confidence in our business. The pandemic driven volatility in the oil and gas market is stabilizing. However, the macro environment continues to evolve with the war in Ukraine and other geopolitical events. We have proven to ourselves over the last several years that our business is resilient through the cycle, including unprecedented shocks to the industry. Credit for EOG’s resilience for the steady improvement in our ability to generate free cash flow in any environment and the ability to make this free cash flow commitment to our shareholders goes to our employees who embrace our premium return hurdle rate six years ago, which requires that all investments are in a minimum of 30% direct after tax rate of return using a $40 flat oil and $2.50 flat natural gas price. Last year, we doubled the minimum return to 60%, both the premium and now double premium hurdle rates have positioned the company to have an outstanding year in 2022. In spite of the ongoing inflationary and supply chain issues facing our industry, our employees outperformed during the first quarter and are positioned to deliver on our annual capital and volumes plan. We have decades of low cost, high return inventory that support the consistent financial performance that our shareholders have come to expect and that drives long-term value. Our inventory spans multiple assets across oil, combo and dry natural gas basins throughout the country, which enables us to pursue the highest net backs by diversifying both our investment and sales market options. We also continue to explore. A year and a half ago, we announced Dorado a premium dry natural gas play, where we’ve captured 21 Tcf of resource potential net to EOG. In a moment, Ken will update you on the progress we’ve made on well performance and well costs and what we believe is the lowest cost and lowest emission source of natural gas onshore U.S. Our organic exploration program has grown our premium inventory by more than 3.5 times since the premium metric was introduced in 2016. So our exploration program isn’t focused on adding more. We are looking for better inventory. New plays like Dorado and the potential we see in our current exploration pipeline gives us confidence we will continue to grow and improve our double premium inventory in the future as we have done in the past. While we have earmarked and committed to return a minimum of 60% of annual free cash flow, our longstanding framework and priorities for total free cash flow are unchanged, a sustainable growing regular dividend, a pristine balance sheet, additional cash return to shareholders through special dividends and opportunistic stock buybacks and low cost property bolt-ons. Sustaining and growing the regular dividend remains our highest priority and reflects our confidence in the long-term performance of the company. A pristine balance sheet is a strategic advantage functioning as a shock absorber that also provides the flexibility to exercise a buyback when the opportunity arises and to take advantage of other counter cyclical investments. Additional cash returns through special dividends and buybacks complement our other priorities and together with our free cash minimum return guidance support our goal to create significant long-term shareholder value. Now, here’s Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. Our ability to refine our longstanding cash return framework by providing quantitative guidance is made possible by EOG’s outstanding operational and financial performance. In the first quarter, EOG earned $2.3 billion after adjusting items or $4 per share. We generated $2.3 billion of free cash flow. Capital expenditures of $1 billion were near the low end of the guidance range, while production volumes and total per unit cash operating costs finished better than targets. Our confidence is further bolstered because we finished the quarter in an incredibly strong financial position. Total debt on March 31 was $5.1 billion. This includes the current portion of debt of $1.25 billion, reflecting the bond matures in March 2023, that we intend to pay off with cash on hand. Cash on March 31 was $4 billion for a net debt of $1.1 billion. This yield’s a debt to total capitalization ratio of 4.8%. The $4 billion cash balance excludes $2.4 billion of collateral for hedges held by our counterparties. The amount of collateral fluctuates with oil and natural gas prices. These short-term timing differences in cash flows are not considered in our calculation of free cash flow and do not influence our decision on the timing or amount of cash return to shareholders. To that end, EOG has declared special dividends so far this year totaling $2.80 per share on top of the regular dividend of $3 per share on an annual basis, totaling $3.4 billion. Our objective in establishing our cash return guidance was to make it simple, yet dynamic so that it is easily communicated and understood while remaining suitable under a range of commodity price scenarios. The actual amount of cash return each year is a product of our long standing free cash flow priorities. These have not changed. The size of our regular dividend is now the largest of our E&P peers and the strength of our balance sheet supports our ability to return a large portion of free cash flow back to shareholders going forward under a range of scenarios. The $1.80 special dividend declared yesterday, along with $0.75 regular quarterly dividend demonstrate significant progress toward our commitment to returning at least 60% of our 2022 free cash flow to our shareholders. Subject to commodity prices, the amount of free cash flow available and the Board’s discretion, our intention is to return cash through special dividends or stock buybacks on a quarterly basis going forward. Here’s Billy.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. We’ve had a great start to the year. Our first quarter volume, capital expenditure and total per unit cash operating cost performance exceeded our forecasted targets. We’re also pleased with our progress to-date, offsetting inflation and managing well cost. Our drilling teams continue to reduce drilling days and generate consistent performance improvements. Use of self-sourced downhole tools as well as minimizing downtime and mud losses remain areas of focus to improve performance. For example, drilling times in our Eagle Ford oil play continue to improve, decreasing 28% in the last five years. The average well is now drilled in less than five days. On the completion side, we have increased the amount of treated lateral per day by about 10% over the last year, as we further deploy the super zipper technique. We are now using this technique on more than half of the wells completed in the company and expect to increase its use further as we progress through the year. In addition, our self-sourced sand program is providing a tremendous advantage that we expect to further offset additional inflation throughout the year. When we establish our plan at the beginning of the year, we knew the unusually tight supply constraints initially sparked by the economic recovery from the pandemic would present a unique challenge. Taking these headwinds into account, this year’s plan was devised with known efficiency improvements that would maintain well cost flat with last year. While we have since seen increased steel and fuel prices directly associated with the war in Ukraine, we are confident we can still deliver on the CapEx and volume targets in our original plan. Rather than accept inflation as a given, our employees remain proactive. We have a track record of lowering cost and developing efficiencies through periods of economic expansion and other drivers of inflation. Our operating teams are ever more diligent in their quest to identify new areas of performance enhancements that will lower well cost. EOG’s advantage lies with our people and our culture. Today’s challenges are met with innovation and value creation in the field through our multi-basin decentralized approach. This period of inflationary fuel prices is a primary driver of the 2% increase in our full year per unit cash operating costs versus our previous guidance. However, higher commodity prices also present an opportune time to enhance our workover program, which will be reflected in LOE expense. These additional workovers bring on low cost production that pay out within weeks and increase the long-term performance of our assets. All in all, we’re thoughtfully managing our assets to offset a small effect from inflation. While we have flexibility to adjust our plan in any given year to respond to unique or extreme marketing conditions such as the pandemic in 2020, our capital plan is thoughtfully planned across all our assets to support the pace of operations that is optimal for each individual asset to continue to improve. We believe we have the best people, assets, and plan to mitigate any headwinds and continue to improve the company for the long term. Here’s Ken to discuss the incredible improvements we made in our premium gas play, Dorado.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. A year and a half ago, we announced a major new natural gas discovery in South Texas. We named Dorado. It’s a dry gas play with 21 Tcf of resource potential net EOG across stacked pays in the Austin Chalk and Eagle Ford formations. Our break even cost in Dorado is less than $1.25 per Mcf, which we believe represents the lowest cost of supply of natural gas in the United States. Dorado was the most recent double premium play to emerge from our organic exploration program. We began technical work on Dorado back in 2016, captured a large acreage position in the core of the play as a first mover during 2017 and 2018 and drill test wells in late 2018 and 2019. After pausing during the downturn in 2020, we moved Dorado into active development last year and completed 11 net wells. This year, we anticipate completing 30 net wells, nearly tripling activity. Since last year, we have doubled our production rate out of Dorado producing 140 million cubic feet per day in the first quarter of 2022. We are leveraging our proprietary knowledge built from prior plays to move quickly down the cost curve as we increase activity at a pace that allows us to incorporate learnings and savings. We completed seven net wells during the first quarter of 2022, while keeping well cost flat compared to similar designs in the first quarter of last year successfully offsetting inflation. Since our first well was drilled in 2018, we have reduced well cost over 35% and our approaching our target well cost faster than we anticipated. In addition, well performance is improving. Productivity from recent wells is significantly beating our initial forecast, refined completion techniques, and a focus on targeting have increased our performance projections on a per foot basis. This year, we have also moved to longer lateral switch combined with the improvements to per foot productivity have resulted in an 80% higher two-year cumulative production volume that our 2018 wells compounding our capital efficiency. Our preliminary plan for the play was to focus initial development on the Austin Chalk formation, and then follow that with development of the Eagle Ford. So it would benefit from well cost reductions as well as water and gas gathering infrastructure installed for the Austin Chalk. With the dramatic improvements to our Eagle Ford formation well results, we now expect to co-develop it with the Austin Chalk, which will provide additional opportunities to lower costs through scale and simultaneous operations. As a dry gas play in close proximity to multiple markets, we expect Dorado’s gas will have a lower emissions footprint compared to other onshore gas supplies in the U.S. In addition, we continue to leverage company-wide expertise to build out an operationally efficient and low emissions field. As we expand development of Dorado into a core asset, it will contribute to lowering EOG’s companywide emissions intensity rate. Combined with EOG’s low operating costs and advantaged market position located close to several major sales hubs in South Texas, including access to pipelines to Mexico and several LNG export terminals, Dorado is in an ideal position to supply low cost, low emissions natural gas into markets with long-term growth potential. Now next up is Ezra for concluding remarks.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks Ken. I’d like to note the following important takeaways from the call today. First, formalizing our cash return strategy demonstrates our commitment to our free cash flow priorities that along with high return discipline reinvestment offers significant long-term shareholder value. Second, EOG is realizing another tremendous year of improvement. We are set to deliver outstanding returns while demonstrating capital discipline within an inflationary environment, delivering on both volumes and capital as announced at the beginning of 2022. Third, our most recent organic exploration announcement Dorado has positioned us with over 20 Tcf of low cost natural gas with access to multiple markets. Our progress in Dorado is on pace to make this North America’s lowest cost of supply. Thanks for listening. Now, we’ll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Doug, your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Well, thank you. Good morning, everybody. And Ezra I think I speak for everybody in saying we’re delighted to see the framework you’ve introduced for cash returns. I do have a question around this, however, and it is – I’m just curious what’s changed to move you in that direction? And I wonder if I could ask you to – you’re obviously talking about percentage in free cash flow. So I wonder if you could frame some similar parameters around how you think about reinvestment rates or the planning assumptions that go around that so we can get some kind of idea as to what free cash flow ultimately looks like versus the level of spending if you see my point.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. I sure do. So let me start with the – what is now, why now, and simply we feel that this is the right time for our business to come out with the additional guidance. We’ve got the regular dividend increase to be competitive with the broad market. We’ve got the balance sheets in a very strong position. And we’re basically emerging stronger from the downturn and confident that we can deliver this minimum amount of cash return going forward. It’s consistent with our long-term free cash flow priorities. So it’s not really a change in strategy. In fact, in 2021, we returned about 49% of free cash flow and we paid off a $750 million bond. So when you combine those that was about 60%. And so it’s a range internally we’ve discussed and the announcement really just provides a bit of transparency. Now on the second part of your question with regards to how do you think about, how are we thinking about the reinvestment growth and to get to free cash flow. One thing, one reason we have given this guidance as a minimum of 60% return on free cash flow is because it’s a guide that can be consistent and long term in nature through the cycle, like how we manage the business basing the guide off of a free cash flow, puts us in what we feel is the best overall position to create shareholder value through the cycle. So nothing’s really changed in the reinvestment strategy. It’s first, always based on returns and our ability to get better each year. There’s – as we’ve said in the past, there’s no reason to invest in growth if you’re not generating high returns and you’re not doing it with an ability to improve the underlying business year after year. And what that means is, not chasing free cash flow, just because of high prices, if you’re investing in something that’s eroding the business long term. So you can take today, for example we could increase activity today into these high prices, but in the inflationary environment that’s going to erode our capital efficiency. And then the second piece that we’ve talked about as far as reinvestment our growth is based on the macro environment and market fundamentals. Does the market really need the barrels? What’s supporting the global supply and demand fundamentals? Ultimately, investing in premium and double premium as you know, has made a somewhat price agnostic basing those decisions on $40 oil and 2.50 natural gas. And so it’s really the capital discipline comes down to what can we do? And are we investing in a pace where each of our assets can get better year after year and ultimately improve the overall returns and company profile?
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer, Ezra. As I said, we all welcome by what you’ve done. So thank you for that. My follow-up is hopefully a quick one. So some years ago, you guys pivoted away from natural gas, Dorado, obviously, the exception today. But you also took a light off of a lot of your legacy gas assets. The world has obviously changed. So I’m just wondering within the company, is there any effort or I guess, initiative to pivot back to some of those legacies – some of the legacy gas assets that are obviously still in your portfolio in light of what’s going on as it relates to LNG expansion longer-term. I leave it there. Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. As you said, the world’s changed a lot and the company’s changed quite a bit. The biggest thing for us is that introduction of the premium and now double premium reinvestment hurdle rates. So all of our gas assets now are judged and it’s $2.50, flat natural gas price for the life of the well, and that really high grades our reinvestment opportunities into any of our assets, but especially the natural gas ones as we’re talking about right now. Ultimately what we see with Dorado is that we’ve captured a very significant resource geographically in the best spot. We think onshore U.S. with access to multiple markets. And we’re very excited about being able to focus in on really that asset that we have. We think it’s going to be the premier asset in North American natural gas.
Doug Leggate: [Crushing] (ph) for sure. Thanks for taking my question. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Charles, your line is open.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Ezra, and to the whole EOG team there. Ezra, kind of picking up on the point you just made. I’m curious does - I get that you evaluate all your projects at 40 and 2.50, and that services the best oil projects and best gas projects. But is there any concern or discussion inside EOG that maybe evaluating projects that something so far below the strip is actually giving you a suboptimal relative ranking across oil and gas assets?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles. The way we look at it is we’ve been fortunate. We’ve been in unconventional North American exploration here for nearly two decades honestly, and what that’s allowed us to do is put together a multi basin portfolio of what we think is really the deepest and highest quality asset inventory. When we switched to premium, it was really taking a long-term look at that $40 price, $2.50 natural gas price to not only help the immediate returns, the rate of return, the IRRs upfront, but really thinking about longer term through the cycles. What does it mean to really build a company where based on a commodity price, you can still be successful and create value through the cycles. Ratcheting that up to double premium in 2020 was really a reflection of our ability to have grown our premium inventory three and a half times through organic exploration since 2016. So actually I think the focus on double premium drilling and that reinvestment hurdle rate actually provides us with an optimal way to rank our assets.
Charles Meade: Okay, thank you for that insight. And perhaps going back to Dorado, I caught during the prepared comments that I think that the two-year cum is 80% higher than your 2018 case and part of that is longer laterals. And I think that the base was the kind the 2018 case was 9,000 foot lateral. So is, am I making, am I in the right ballpark to thinking that if 80% higher, two year cum, some of that’s longer laterals, so we’re looking at maybe 40% or 50% higher productivity per lateral foot in the Dorado play versus the earlier case?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Charles. This is Ken. We haven’t really given out a number on how much higher the productivity is. If we look back to those 2018 wells, they were shorter laterals in the 6,000 to 7,000 foot range. We’ve now have some extended laterals even past our original 9,000 foot range that we thought we’d get. And those things both the improved performance and the lower cost have really driven that finding cost down to almost the $0.40 target that we’re showing on Slide 11 there.
Charles Meade: Yes. But no, you don’t care to offer any comments on the productivity per lateral foot, I guess, and that’s fine. Thank you.
Ken Boedeker: I guess Charles, just what I would say is, it is – our wells are beating our type curves that we have and those type curves do have a fairly low decline over the first several months of production. So we are seeing them beating our type curves. And if you look at it, we’ve really only drilled 30 of our 1,250 wells in that place. So we’re continuing to learn.
Charles Meade: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. My first question is just on the supply chain, you guys are holding the line on CapEx. A number of your peers have raised CapEx expectations. So I was wondering if you could comment what’s unique about the way you’re managing the supply chain to give you confidence on delivering the $4.5 billion CapEx budget, and do some of these supply chain headwinds we’re seeing within the industry. How does that influence your thoughts about 2023 given shortages of OFS equipment labor and just broader – just challenges on things like OCTG?
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun. This is Billy. Let me start by providing maybe an overview of how we’re managing the year’s capital program. Then I’d like to get Jeff to add some color and then I’ll circle back to 2023. Let me first start by saying that we kind of look at each year the same way. As you know, we would – I would tend to bucket this in maybe three or four different areas. One, we self source a lot of materials that insulates this from a lot of the supply chain issues, we also do a lot of innovation in efficiency gains. The third bucket might be the pace of the adoption of these new efficiencies across the company. And then may be finally flexibility with our multi-basin approach. So just to elaborate on that a little bit more, at the beginning of the year, we constructed our plant, certainly recognizing the inflation we saw from the recovery of post-COVID. And we were confident in looking at that, we could offset inflation and maintain flat well cost. What we didn’t anticipate was the war in Ukraine and that additional pressure and increased inflation we saw in commodities such as fuel and steel, but we’re still working to offset this additional inflation through our efficiencies and new innovations. These improvements in efficiency gains are certainly happening, largely in the areas where we have the most activities such as Delaware basin and Eagle Ford. But I would also say that the pace of the adoption of these new technologies, the rapid adoption of the super zipper technology across the company is happening faster than we expected. So we also have the advantage of being in multiple basins. So that gives us a lot of flexibility to shift activity between areas. So we’re very comfortable that we can maintain our plan, delivering our original volumes and within our stated CapEx goals, we laid out the start of the year. So with that, maybe I’ll turn it over to Jeff to give you some more details.
Jeff Leitzell: Yes, good morning, Arun. This is Jeff Leitzell. So as Billy stated, our ability to counter these inflationary pressures and some of the supply chain constraints that you talked about, it’s really just a huge credit to our team’s operational execution, their innovative culture and really continuing to improve on the efficiencies. So just to give you a little bit of color and some examples, start off with our drilling operations, our teams continue to increase their efficiencies and that’s primarily with EOG’s in-house motor program and our proprietary bit cutter development, which we can kind of design both of these uniquely around all the formations we drill in each of our plays. And our Eagle Ford operations, they’re just a perfect example of this. We’ve increased the drilled footage per day by over 17% this year. And this is one of our more mature plays that we’ve been drilling in for 13 years. So really to EOG, no matter how far along we are in development, there’s always improvements that can be made. And then on the same topic there with the Eagle Ford, they’ve just done an outstanding job of reducing their drilling fluid costs also, even as diesel prices have risen and that’s primary base in those fluids. We’ve done this by optimizing the density and the additives and the drilling fluid in each area, really to try to reduce those fluid losses, which has resulted in a per barrel savings of about 20% so far in 2022. And then just a couple more basic examples in completions, our field team, they continue to see really good improvements there and they’ve increased their overall completed lateral per foot per day by 10% compared to 2021 for the total company. And as we’ve talked about in the past, one of the main drivers in this is really our continued implementation of super zipper operations. So we talked about last year, we were about a third of our activity with super zipper and this year we had a goal of trying to get to 60%. And we’re just about there right now. So this is really significant because pretty much every additional well that we super zipper, we realize the savings of up to $300,000 per well or that equates to about 5% of the total well cost. So another kind of new process on the innovation side that we’ve been implementing and testing is something called continuous frac pumping operations. So just a little bit of a rundown, typically in any completion operations, you have some unplanned maintenance and in order to be proactive, our field teams have started planning some of that scheduled maintenance periods of about three to four hours every three days. And what this has helped us do is really minimize any of that unplanned maintenance and really greatly – increase our overall efficiencies. So in the past quarter, really primarily in the Eagle Ford, we’ve started some testing in the Delaware basin, but we’ve been able to increase our completed lateral per foot per day by roughly 30%. So that’s really just a huge time in cost savings there. And what we plan on doing is we optimize this process, we’ll continue to roll it out to all of our operating areas. And then lastly more on the supply chain and material side of things, I just wanted to touch on a couple of our savings from the water and the sand cost side of things. In the Delaware basin, our team continues to reduce their water costs by optimizing the reuse process, which right now is approximately 90% of all their sourced water. And they’re really doing this just through increasing the automation of all of our infrastructure and reducing the overall treatment cost per barrel, which we realized about a 9% reduction in each barrel of reuse water for 2022. And this is pretty significant, not just for CapEx, but also on the operating expense because every barrel we’re allowed to reuse, is one less that we have to dispose of. And then finally here, over on the sand logistics side, EOG, we’ve been in the sand business in self sourcing for about 15 years now. And we continue to reduce those costs across the company. For example, out in the Delaware basin, we continue to advance our abilities to get that sand closer to the wellhead and ultimately reduce the amount of trucking needed. And plans are, we’re going to open up a second plant in the second half of next year. And we really anticipate to see some pretty good savings from Q1 through the rest of the year of about 20% per pound. So these are just a few of the many examples of how our operations teams just performing and really giving us great confidence that we’ll be able to counter a lot of these inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints through 2022. And as Billy will talk about here 2023.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun, just to summarize maybe I know that’s a lot of detail for you but obviously, we’re very proud of the efforts of our employees to continue to fight against the rising well cost in this period of inflation. As we move into 2023, it’s really early to talk about specifics about next year, but let me just kind of give you an overall impression of how we think about going into any year. Certainly we have a long history of managing through inflation to maintain or lower well cost that gives us confidence to be able to meet our goals. And we have two fundamental things that we think about. One is our contracting strategy and how we approach that is for example, this year is just a reminder. We have about 50% of our well cost secured with contracts, with service providers that provide about 90% of our drilling fleet. And about 60% of our frac fleet locked up under existing contracts. Not all of those service contracts are set to expire at the end of this year. So we try to stagger those as we go through a year to make sure that we have some continuity going into the preceding year. And then the lastly would be, as Jeff mentioned there, innovation and efficiency improvements. So we are already confident. We’re seeing ideas that we can continue to push and explore to continue to reduce cost and offset inflation going into next year. So we’re always chasing those kind of things. I know that’s a lot of color, but it’s certainly something that we’re very proud of our employees and their efforts, and just want to make sure you fully understand it.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, appreciate the detail, Billy. My follow up is – maybe for Ezra or Tim, you guys have now committed to a 60% minimum return of free cash flow kind of framework. I wanted to get your thoughts on the other 40% bucket and what the priorities are between the balance sheet additional cash return and the bolt-ons. I know last quarter, Tim did message EOG’s intention to build more cash on the balance sheet for countercyclical opportunities at other points in the cycle. So I wanted to – if you could give us some updated thoughts on that?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun. This is Ezra. I can start right there with where you left off, pardon me, let me say that. We’re just thrilled to be in a unique position here to be able to strengthen the balance sheet and return $2.4 billion to shareholders in the first half of 2022. But ultimately, with the remaining 40%, it comes back to the fact that we’re committed to delivering on our free cash flow priorities and doing the right thing at the right time to maximize long-term shareholder value. And it does include that balance sheet. And some of the things with the balance sheet we’ve discussed in the past is, to have cash available just for running the business for operations to have cash for the small bolt-on acquisitions. As you mentioned to have cash available for the $5 billion stock repurchase authorization, which we’ve said, we prefer to look at that as an opportunistic repurchase rather than something more programmatic. And then the last thing with regards to our balance sheet and cash on hand would also be our commitment there to retiring a bond, a $1.2 billion bond that’s coming due here in the first quarter of 2023. So really, as we started off with the guide of returning a minimum of 60% of free cash flow, it’s really not a change in strategy by any means. It’s just a to provide a little more transparency a little more clarity, we’ve heard some of our shareholders who have asked for a bit more transparency and clarity on the cash returns, and that’s really what the change in messaging is, but our strategy remains very consistent.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks, Ezra.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Jeanine, your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions. Our first question, maybe if we can just hit back to Dorado, nice update on that. In the slides, you highlight potential export markets. Can you talk about how much midstream capacity EOG has currently or maybe what you see down the line in order to get Dorado gas to those sales points?
Lance Terveen: Yes. Jeanine, good morning. This is Lance. Yes. As you think about Dorado and takeaway there, we’re very well connected. I mean you can see that in Slide 11. Obviously, you can see the proximity to market. But as we talk about capacity, yes, we have sufficient capacity there, plenty of running room as we look forward and just really want to highlight too, as you think about the proximity to those markets especially the demand growth that’s expected to see in the potential that’s equally important. What we’re excited about is you think about the proximity, less than a 100 miles to get to the Agua Dulce market. And then the connectivity that we have even to get up into the [indiscernible] Houston Ship Channel market. And as you look forward on over the next five years, you have the potential to see an additional potential of like 5 Bcf a day of new demand growth. So the proximity, the connectivity that we have, and obviously as you’ve seen as evidence to our other plays, as we think about capacity, we’re always very forward-looking and making sure that we have enough ongoing capacity as we think about our program.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you. And then maybe just following-up on Arun’s question. Ezra, we appreciate all the details you just provided about the cash build up there. And I guess just generally speaking, and I know it’s never the simple about back solving to a cash number, but is net cash or is that like a suboptimal place for the business or would you be perfectly fine with the balance sheet getting to that point? Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Jeanine. No, we don’t believe that’s a suboptimal place in an industry like ours, that’s proven to be cyclical in nature obviously. And at times very volatile even our current cash position, I’d say, the cash on hand is a percent of market cap, places us roughly in the upper half of the S&P 500. And we think that’s a fantastic position to be in, especially when you think about a cyclical industry like ours.
Jeanine Wai: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Leo, please go ahead with your question.
Leo Mariani: Hi guys, wanted to follow-up a little bit on the gas macro here, obviously, very topical these days. In the past, I know EOG has spoken about kind of a longer-term oil growth target kind of 8% to 10% per annum. Do you guys feel that at this point in time just giving the changes in the world that U.S. gas is really just going to be higher for longer and you think it would be appropriate to maybe do something similar on the gas side as well. And obviously you kind of talked about the accessibility of your gas to LNG markets down there as well. So just wanted to get a sense if you guys are actively working on perhaps expanding activity over the next few years of Dorado and trying to get that gas international markets.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo. This is Ezra. Let me maybe make a few comments and then Lance can follow-up on some more detailed LNG perspectives. In general, what I would say, from the macro perspective, I know this will sound a little bit repetitive, but we based our decisions on investment and gas. The same as we do on investment in oil, and that’s on the premium price deck. So for us, it really comes down to the first question is returns. How quickly can we invest in an asset and still generate high returns year-over-year, still continue to improve upon the asset. And what that means is lowering the finding and development cost every year and bringing, adding lower cost reserves to the base of our company. That’s how we drop the cost base of the company and basically expand the margins going forward. With regards to global supply and demand that comes in second, same as on the oil side. I wouldn’t say that we have an optimal level growth because obviously there’s associated gas, but then we’ve got these pure dry gas plays. So we look at them a little bit agnostically. Long-term, how we do feel, going out longer and thinking about the long-term global energy solution, we do feel the gas is going to play a significant role in that. And that’s why we’re very committed to the $2.50 price that we evaluate the reinvestment on, because we think that’s globally going to be a very competitive and compelling price to be able to base the investments on. Lance?
Lance Terveen: Yes, Ezra. Yes, Leo, good morning. Maybe just add a little bit more color too, as you think about just LNG and kind of LNG off-take, but I mean the – it’s an exciting time and it’s been excellent having some exposure, especially as you think about our JKM exposure and the first mover advantage that we have, because the pendulum like you’re saying – you’re seeing in the environment today, the pendulum the swinging, you’re seeing more of a demand pool. And so as we think about that, especially from a customer standpoint, I mean we’re very well-positioned. I mean the way we think about it, there’s really three important components of it. And one of them that’s critical is investment grade status and the pristine balance sheet that we have that absolutely puts us and differentiates us. And then as you think about the control that we have with our firm transportation, when we think about LNG off-take, it’s not just from Dorado, but we have firm off-take that can get us from each of our major plays. And then also when you think about supply flexibility too, I mean we have a lot of scale and a lot of flexibility. And so we’re excited about it. Obviously you saw the deal that we’ve done with Cheniere, that’s expanding and increasing our sale that we have there. We feel that that’s very strategic. That helped commercialize Stage 3, which were anticipating hopefully by the end of 2025, I think expected maybe an early 2026. All kind of in line with what we’ve been talking about for a long time. We’ve been working LNG since 2017 and entered into our first agreements in 2019, and then just recently expanded that again. So yes, we definitely have a constructive views. We think about LNG and all those components that I just talked about earlier, we feel puts us very advantage because we can transact quickly and we can move with scale because we have the supply flexibility as well.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That’s helpful. Definitely sounds like you guys are looking at more deals. Also just wanted to ask about the earlier targets that had put out kind of pre-Ukraine of flat well costs year-over-year. I’m certainly aware that you guys have efficiencies and you’re working really hard on this, but at this point, I mean if you think that’s still a realistic goal just given inflation. I think I heard you say that you got about 50% of the well cost locked up in 2022.
Billy Helms: Yes. Leo, this is Billy Helms. Yes. We tried to address that certainly in the last answer we had, but I guess the bottom line is we’re very confident. We’re going to be able to keep our well cost flat this year and we’re going to work hard to do it next year. So it’s early to say what next year’s going to be, but we just have line of sight on so many improvements we can continue to make in our business to fundamentally offset inflation. So we’re very confident in this year’s CapEx and volume targets.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Neal, please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Yes. Thank you. My first question, as we’re maybe on exploration, I’m just wondering what would it take initial success maybe on a large acreage position such as what webcast or whatever for you to announce another plate or really just a broad question, what generally do you all like to see before publicly rolling out and talking about the next best opportunity you’ll have.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal. We like to have confidence in what we’re talking about and bringing out to the public and what that means for us these days and we’ve talked about it a little bit before is these days it’s not just a matter of trying to find oil or gas that has become relatively not too difficult. The challenge for us is to make sure that it’s additive to the quality of our inventory. Like I said earlier, we believe we’ve got the – really the highest quality and deepest inventory across a multi-basin portfolio as far as North American E&P companies go. And so trying to add to that, trying to add to the double premium rates of return program is challenging and what it takes is long – some longer-term production results, before we going back to Dorado and the Powder River Basin before we announced those basins to the public, we had some pretty significantly long production results to really make sure that we had captured what we had anticipated capturing. Last thing, we wanted to do is mislead anybody. And so especially looking at some of the new plays that we’re talking about with these hybrid reservoirs, these things are relatively new in nature to the industry. And so gathering some longer-term production results and appraisal wells to really define the extent to these plays is very important and critical before we’d be comfortable talking about them.
Neal Dingmann: Got it and great details. And then my follow-up Ezra for you or Billy, just on OFS inflation and maybe logistics, you all continue a great job of mitigating even better than most OFS inflation. I’m just wondering on – when you look out remainder this year in the 2030 of things sort of stay like they are now. We’ve heard some issues of sand and different things in the Permian, maybe bring it up now Northern life in Wisconsin. Could you talk about – are you all – I guess, two questions. One, are you all locking in and continue to do sort of longer term whether that be on the sand, pipe or other side. And then number two, just wondering, would you – when you think about – would you have – if you have opportunities like you did like year or two ago about drill pipe, if those persist, I assume you’ll continue to go after and do some opportunities like that.
Billy Helms: Yes. Neal, this is Billy. Certainly, it’s a very dynamic situation we’re dealing with here, but part of the reason we have so much confidence in being able to offset inflation, especially the inflation that the industry is seeing today really goes back to the involvement or engagement of our employees and how committed they are to achieving the goals that are set out. And you might – for example, talk about sand, especially sand in the Permian. And Jeff kind of went through some of this in detail earlier. The big overlying reason that we have so much confidence is we took ownership. We took control of that many, many years ago. I want to say about 15 years ago. And certainly through that taking ownership, we’ve learned a lot in the past and we continue to look for ways to reduce that cost. And lately, it’s been by getting sand closer to the wellhead. As we move to locate near wellhead, so kind of close to the end user sources of supply, and we can move closer and closer and continue to reduce our cost both on the cost of the sand itself, but also transportation to the wellhead. All the logistics that you see are diminished. We take trucks off the road. It’s just good many, many different ways. We also stay very engaged on the material side, tubulars and those kind of things. We work with meals really across the globe directly. We don’t really go through distributors per se. We work directly with the mills and that way we are able to establish the relationships and capture opportunities at the right time. So it’s just that further engagement in all aspects of our business that allows us to do that and the creativity of our employees that allows us that opportunity. So that’s why we still remain so confident.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. Thank you, Billy, for the details.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. Team, I have one micro question and then one macro question. The micro question is, as you think about your growth assets the Delaware, the PRB, and Dorado. How do you think about the relative capital allocation and how would you prioritize them based on returns and cost of supply?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, this is Ezra. It’s great to have such high quality inventory across multiple basins. It makes our job with capital allocation and portfolio management, I’m exciting. The way we approach each of them is, looking at where they’re individually at in the life cycle play and basing off on returns. And so even though, the Eagle Ford in there, certainly not a growth asset anymore. But by right sizing that program last year, I think we highlighted this in February. Last year, we turned in the highest rate of return drilling program we ever had in that play. When you think about a play like the Eagle Ford, that’s really a trailblazing type of asset for the entire industry to see how to continue to make one of these resource plays, long life resource plays even better year after year after 12 or 13 years of drilling it. So when we think about the Delaware basin, the Powder River basin, and Dorado just at the high level, we would say the Delaware basin is kind of in the sweet spot, as far as drilling activity, our knowledge base, infrastructure. And the PRB and Dorado are a little bit behind that. We definitely slowed down, as Ken had mentioned, we paused drilling in Dorado during 2020, and we did the same in the Powder River basin. And so we’re early in the life on those plays and so the capital allocation of those two really progresses with the build out of infrastructure and at the pace of which we can incorporate our learnings and continue to make the wells better.
Neil Mehta: That makes a lot of sense. So the second is a big picture question, you guys have been doing a lot of work on the oil macro, and it’s obviously a very dynamic environment. But there are two questions associated with it. One is, what do you think the long-term implications of potentially structurally lower Russian production capacity will be for the U.S. producers and for global oil producers. And the second is, how are you thinking about exit to exit U.S. oil production this year? Given some of the constraints that you talked about earlier on the call?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil. I’ll start with the second one and reiterate our position on exit to exit U.S. oil hasn’t really changed since February, when you look at kind of the range of forecasts that are out there. We’re on the lower end is the way that we set it in February and that’s what we would stick to today. We think the supply chain constraints and the inflationary issues, the discipline that you’re seeing in North American E&P sector, we think that the U.S. exit to exit oil production growth is going to be on the lower end of most of the forecasts. Longer term with the structural implications for Russian capacity for U.S. and global and how that plays in. We’re watching that the same as everyone else. We have – it’s a volatile situation. There are things developing as we speak, including the sanctions that are being discussed. And how are those Russian barrels actually continuing to flow and how are they getting discounted and where are they showing up and what is that doing? Ultimately, I take a bigger step back and just say for the last few years, Neil, we’ve been pretty consistent with our model that chronic underinvestment and exploration in our industry is really going to lead to generally lower supply, under supplied for the global supply and demand market longer term. That’s why we continue to explore and we continue to explore for lower cost, higher return assets. And we think that really – as we’ve said in the past, there’s only a handful of North American E&P companies that have the asset quality, the size, the scale to compete on a global scale with that cost of supply. And on top of that, deliver the barrels with the lower environmental footprint. And in the future, those are the companies that the world’s going to want to fill in additional barrels. And especially, with our operational results in this first quarter, we think, we know – we feel that EOG is a leader of that group of North American E&Ps.
Neil Mehta: The under investment point is definitely playing out. We appreciate it, Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you, Neil.
Operator: We have time for one more question today. And our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Paul, your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning. Two quick question. One, I think you sort of follow-up to Neil’s question. So does the Russian invasion [indiscernible] change the way how you look at the global market and perhaps that your production outlook or development plan for the company? I think you’ve been saying that you guys will be ready to grow if you think that’s a need from the market. And you will be growing at maybe in the future 8% to 10% annual kind of growth rate on the maximum. So wondering if those kind of yield has been changed in any shape or form because of the recent events. The second question that you talk about Powder River basin. So what will it take for that development pace to accelerate.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Paul, this is Ezra. I think I can answer both of those questions almost in the same manner. When we came out with the 8% to 10% growth, which was maybe close to 20 months ago now. That was – and I think we said at that time, it’s dynamic, at that time that 8% to 10% model was reflective of what we could do to optimize near-term and long-term free cash flow with the current inventory and our current knowledge base. And as you can see, things continue to change for the better for us. We continue to drive down costs. We continue to drive forward each of our, let’s call them, emerging place with the Powder River basin and Dorado. And so when we talk about what’s a good growth rate going forward, it comes back to those two things that I started off the call with Doug with the first his optimizing our returns, investing at a pace where we can really create long-term shareholder value. And you do that through adding lower cost reserves to the base of the company. So driving down the cost base of the company, while also reinvesting so that you can turn your cash over quickly. Our wells this year, it’s strip price since we base it on a $40 investment. What that really translates to wells that pay out on average in two to three months right now on the strip price. So it’s a fantastic place to be, and it’s really strengthening the base of the business and the company going forward. With regards to the PRB, it falls under the same type of line. It all depends on how we build out our infrastructure in that basin and moving out of pace to be able to incorporate our learnings to drive down the well costs. Last quarter, I think we highlighted, we had dropped the Niobrara well cost pretty significantly over the past year 2021, which was just tremendous results. And as we continue to see progress like that, we feel more confident to go ahead and allocate more capital to that portfolio – to that basin.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. So I’ll now have the call back to Mr. Yacob to conclude.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. We’d like to thank everyone for participating on the call this morning. And thanks to our shareholders for your support. We especially want to recognize each of our employees for their commitment to excellence and on delivering such an outstanding start to the year for EOG.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. This concludes our call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Annual Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliations schedules for those non-GAAP measures can be found on the EOG's website. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chief Executive Officer; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVB, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor & Public Relations. Here's Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. 2021 was a record-setting year for EOG. We earned record net income of $4.7 billion, generated a record $5.5 billion of free cash flow, which funded record cash return of $2.7 billion to shareholders. We doubled our regular dividend rate and paid 2 special dividends, paying out about 30% of cash from operations. And we are continuing to deliver on our free cash flow priorities this year with an additional special dividend announced yesterday of $1 per share. The last time we set an earnings record was in 2014. We earned $5.32 per share while oil averaged $93. Last year, we shattered that record earning $7.09 per share with $68 oil. That's 50% higher earnings with a 27% lower oil price. The catalyst for that improvement was our shift to premium 6 years ago. Premium is our internal investment hurdle rate that uses low fixed commodity prices to calculate the returns that drive our capital allocation decisions, $40 and $2.50 natural gas for the life of the well. While our premium strategy ensures high well-level returns and quick payouts in any given year, the more significant and durable impact is to our full-cycle development costs. The benefit of making investment decisions using fixed low commodity prices has the enduring impact of steadily improving corporate level operating and cash margins over time. That impact is now directly observable on the face of our financial statements. And last year, we raised the bar again to double premium. Our hurdle rate increased from 30% to a minimum of 60% direct after-tax rate of return using the same low fixed prices of $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. The switch promises to further improve financial performance in the years ahead and is what gives us great confidence in our ability to continue delivering shareholder value through commodity price cycles. We expect to look back on 2021 like we do on 2016 as the year we made a permanent increase to our return hurdle that drove another step change in the financial performance of EOG. We also delivered as we promised operationally in 2021 with production volumes, CapEx and operating costs in line or better than target set at the beginning of the year. We were able to successfully offset emerging inflationary pressures during the year to lower well costs by 7%. 2021 was also a big year for ESG performance. We reduced our methane emissions percentage and injury rates and increased water reuse. We announced our 2040 net-zero ambition and added our goal to eliminate routine flaring by 2025 to our existing near-term targets for greenhouse gas and methane emissions rates. We continue to develop creative solutions, leveraging existing technology to make progress on our path towards our net-zero ambition. There's growing recognition that oil and gas will have a role to play in the long-term energy solution. We know that to be part of that solution, we not only have to produce low-cost, high-return barrels, we also have to do it with one of the lowest environmental footprints. As we look into 2022, the global oil market is in a position to rebalance during the year. Our disciplined capital plan aims to increase long-term shareholder value through high-return reinvestment that optimizes both near-term and long-term free cash flow. The plan also funds exploration and infrastructure projects to improve the future cost structure of the business. With the improvements we made in the business last year, combined with a higher commodity price environment, EOG is positioned to once again generate significant free cash flow. We continue to follow through on our free cash flow priorities. Our stellar fourth quarter performance allowed us to further strengthen the balance sheet, and we are returning cash to shareholders with the $1 per share special dividend declared yesterday. Combined with our $3 per share regular dividend, we have already committed to return $2.3 billion of cash to shareholders in 2022. We remain firmly committed to our long-standing free cash flow and cash return priorities, and you can expect EOG to continue to deliver on them as the year unfolds. EOG has exited the downturn a much better company than when we entered it. Higher returns with the shift to double premium, a lower cost structure, more free cash flow, a smaller environmental footprint and a culture strengthened by the challenges we have overcome together. Our culture is the number one value driver of EOG's success. By remaining humble and intellectually honest, we sustained the cycle of constant improvement that drives our technology leadership. Of all the fundamentals that consistently create long-term value, none of them matter without the commitment, resiliency and execution from our employees. Now here's Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. EOG generated record financial results in the fourth quarter with adjusted earnings of $1.8 billion and free cash flow of $2 billion. Capital expenditures of $1.1 billion were right in line with our forecast while production volumes finished above target. For the full year, adjusted earnings were a record $5 billion or $8.61 per share. This yielded return on capital employed of 23%, while oil prices for the year averaged $68 per barrel. Perhaps most important than setting records is what drove our outperformance. 2021 illustrated EOG's success at driving down our cost structure. ROCE would have been 10% or better at oil prices as low as $44. Keep in mind that back in 2016, when the premium investment standard was introduced, the oil price required for 10% ROCE was in excess of $80 per barrel. The dramatic improvements will be made to the profitability of our business reflect the benefits of using the highest investment threshold in the industry. The bottom line financial impact of double premium is just beginning to show up. But like our original switch to premium, it will grow over the coming years. Our goal is to position the company to earn economic returns at the bottom of the cycle, less than $40 oil and generate returns that are better than the broader market on a full cycle basis. Free cash flow in 2021 was a record $5.5 billion, and we deployed this cash consistent with our long-standing free cash flow priorities. We doubled the regular dividend rate, which now stands at an annual $3 per share and represents a 2.7% yield at the current share price. We are confident in the sustainability of our high-return low cost business model to support a dividend that has never been cut or suspended in this more than 20-year history. We solidified our financial position, finishing the year with effectively 0 net debt. We were also able to address a dental cash return priorities. We paid 2 special dividends for a combined $3 per share. We also refreshed our buyback authorization, which now stands at $5 billion. We will look to utilize this on an opportunistic basis. In total, EOG returned $2.7 billion of cash to shareholders in 2021. This represents 28% of discretionary cash flow and 49% of free cash flow, putting EOG among E&P industry leaders for cash return in 2021. Looking ahead to 2022, our disciplined capital plan and regular dividend can be funded at $44 oil. At $80 oil, we expect to generate about $11 billion of cash flow from operations before working capital. The $4.5 billion capital plan represents about a 40%] reinvestment ratio, resulting in more than $6 billion in free cash flow. This, of course, is on an after-tax basis, as we expect to be a nearly full cash taxpayer in 2022 as we were last year. We are in an excellent position to continue to deliver on our free cash flow priorities in 2022. EOG declared a $0.75 regular dividend yesterday, which is our highest priority for returning cash to shareholders. The size of the regular dividend is evaluated every quarter. As the financial performance and cost structure of EOG continues to improve, we expect that will be reflected in continued growth of the dividend. Turning to our second priority. This period of high oil prices allows us to further bolster the balance sheet. To support our renewed $5 billion buyback authorization and prepare to take advantage of other countercyclical opportunities, we plan to build and carry a higher cash balance going forward. We expect there will be opportunities in the future to create significant shareholder value by deploying a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity at the right time. Finally, we also announced an additional cash return to shareholders yesterday with a $1 per share special dividend to be paid in March. Along with the regular dividend, EOG has already committed to return $2.3 billion of cash to shareholders in 2022. We are fully committed to continuing to deliver on all of our free cash flow priorities. Here's Billy.
Lloyd Helms: Thanks, Tim. First, I want to thank all of our employees for their outstanding accomplishments and stellar execution last year. I'm especially proud of their safety performance. In addition to outstanding operations and financial improvements, we achieved a record low innovate and find opportunities to increase efficiencies and lowered the average well cost by 7%, beating the 5% target we set at the start of the year. Our drilling teams are achieving targeted depths faster with lower cost by focusing on reliability of the tools and technical procedures that drive daily performance. For example, in our Delaware Basin Wolfcamp play, our teams have improved days to drill by 42% since 2018. In our Eagle Ford oil play, after drilling several thousand wells, our teams continue to refine the drilling operation to drive consistent performance for our rig fleet, resulting in a 21% reduction in the drilling costs since 2018. And with our decentralized organization and collaborative teamwork across operational areas, we continue to generate ideas for improvement through our innovative approach to areas such as improved bit design and drilling motor performance and share them throughout the company. On the completion side, we made great starts to expand the use of our Super Zipper or simo-frac technique to about one-third of our wells completed last year. Completion costs also benefited from reduced sand and water cost through our integrated self-sourcing efforts and water reuse infrastructure. Utilizing local sand and water pipelines includes the added benefit of removing trucks from the row of contributing to a safer oilfield with lower emissions. Cash operating costs were in line with forecast. And while delivering a higher level of total production, they were nearly equivalent to our cash operating cost pre-pandemic in 2019. The savings are a result of a focus on reducing workover expenses and improvements in produced water management. These efforts will expand in 2022 to help offset additional inflationary pressure. We also had another great year improving our ESG performance metrics. Preliminary calculations indicate that we reduced our methane emissions percentage by about 25% and our total recordable incident rate by 10%. We also achieved a 99.8% target for wellhead gas capture and increased water resource from reuse to 55%. Again, these are preliminary results as our final metrics will be published in our sustainability report later this year. As we enter 2022, EOG is not immune to the inflation that we're seeing across our industry. But we have line of sight to offset these inflationary pressures through innovation and technical advances, contracting for services, supply chain management and self-sourcing and materials. Over 90% of our drilling fleet and over 50% of our frac fleets needed to execute this year's program are covered under existing term agreements with multiple providers. Our vendor partnerships provide EOG the ability to secure longer-term high-performing teams at favorable prices while providing the vendors a predictable and reliable source of activity to run their business. EOG's technical teams take ownership of various aspects of the drilling and completion operations to drive performance, improvements and eliminate downtime. As a result, we will -- we still see opportunities to sustainably improve our performance. Some of the largest efficiency gains will be in our completion operations this year. For example, we expect to utilize our Super Zipper technique on about 60% of our wells, increasing the amount of treated lateral per day. We're also enhancing our self-sourced local sand efforts, which we expect to not only secure the material needed for the year, but also offset the effects of inflation. We continue to expand our water reuse capabilities that will assist in offsetting inflation in both our capital program and lease operating expense. We remain confident that we'll be able to keep well cost at least flat in 2022. EOG's capital efficiency continues to improve as a result of EOG's culture of continuous improvement. 2022 looks to be a year of challenges and inflationary headwinds. And I'm excited about the opportunity to bring our talented employees to further improve our business through innovation and improved operational execution. Here's Ken to review the year-end reserves and provide an inventory update.
Kenneth Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. Last year, we replaced more than 2x what we produced and reduced our finding and development costs by 17%. Our permanent shift to premium drilling and focus on efficiencies driven by innovation and our unique culture ease to why our capital efficiency continues to improve, and our corporate finding costs and DD&A rate continue to decline. Our 2021 reserve replacement was 208% for a finding and development cost of just $5.81 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding revisions due to commodity price changes. Since 2014, prior to the last downturn and the implementation of our premium strategy, we have reduced finding and development costs by more than 55%. With our double premium standard and the high grading of our future development schedule, we grew our reserve base in 2021 by over 500 million barrels of oil equivalent for total booked reserves of over 3.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This represents a 16% increase in reserves year-over-year. In terms of future well locations, we added over 700 net double premium locations across multiple basins to our inventory in 2021, replacing the 410 drilled last year by 170%. Our double premium inventory is growing faster than we drill it, and the quality of the locations we are adding to the inventory is improving. Innovation continues to drive sustainable cost improvements and operational efficiencies. And when you combine that with our focus on developing higher quality rock, we further improve the median return of the portfolio. We don't need more inventory. We are focused on improving our inventory quality. With this in mind, our double premium inventory now accounts for 6,000 of the 11,500 total premium locations in our inventory, representing more than 11 years of drilling at the current pace. Now let me turn the call back to Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Ken. In conclusion, I'd like to note the following important takeaways. First, investment decisions based on a low commodity price puts the emphasis on full cycle cost of development and demands efficient use of capital. While the benefits of such discipline are realized immediately, the larger impact builds over time. The seed to our stellar results in 2021 was the premium strategy established 6 years ago, and we have set the stage for the next step change in financial performance by instituting double premium last year. Second, we are confident EOG's innovative and technology-driven culture can offset inflationary pressures this year. Our disciplined capital plan is focused on high return reinvestment to continue improving our margins in not only 2022 but in future years as well. Third, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders. We demonstrated this through the return of nearly 50% of free cash flow last year, and this quarter's special dividend are third in less than a year. Doubling our regular dividend rate indicates our confidence in the durability of our future performance. The regular dividend is our preferred method to return cash to shareholders. And as we continue to increase the capital efficiency of EOG through low-cost operations and improved well performance, growth of the regular dividend will remain a priority. We truly believe the best is yet to come. Going forward as a company and an industry with a financial profile more competitive than ever with the broader market and a growing recognition of the value we bring to society, EOG has never been better positioned to generate significant long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. The line is yours.
Paul Cheng: First, we have been asked by many that with your CapEx plan and your production profile, if the current commodity price hold by mid-year, will you change the pan or that under what circumstances that, that plan may get revised? That's the first question. The second question is that in your future capital allocation, is 2022 the way how you will be a reasonable proxy in the future? Or we will see the percentage in the new domestic drilling, which is about 10% this year and also that the facility and the gathering and processing, those percentage will go up as a total percent of your CapEx as you're trying to prove up more new resource area?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Paul, this is Ezra. I'll answer the first question, and then I'll hand the second question over here to Billy to answer for you. With regards to our plan this year, as we've talked about, the way we're approaching our planning is not based on the oil price that we're seeing. We're really looking to see the broad market fundamentals that are underlying and supporting that oil price and other macroeconomic indicators. So when we look at our '22 plan, we think we've designed a very high-return capital program. It balances our free cash flow this year with increased free cash flow in future years. And it really starts with investing in the double premium wells. When we bring those low-cost reserves into the company's financials, it helps drive down the cost basis of the company and it continues to expand the margins. It's what allows us to continue delivering high corporate level returns as well as increase the cash flow potential of the company, and that further supports our free cash flow priorities. So the program this year is at a pace that allowed us to capture and incorporate technical learnings to continue to improve each of our assets. And that's the most important thing that we look to do every year, not only in 2022, but to go forward into future years as well. And I'll turn it over to Billy to answer the second part of the question.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Paul. On the second part of the question, going forward beyond 2022 and the percent we have allocated to new domestic drilling potential or really our exploration plays and infrastructure spend, it's been fairly consistent in the past and I expect it to be fairly consistent going forward. The largest amount of our CapEx spend will always be dedicated to our more developing -- development plays like the Delaware Basin play. And then going forward, we remain excited about the exploration potential we see in many of our new emerging plays. And we'll continue to fund those at a pace where we can continue to learn and get better just as Ezra mentioned. The infrastructure spend has always been about the same percentage each year, and I expect that will continue to be managed in the same way. We want to make sure that we get too far out in front with the infrastructure spending, but it's done at a pace commensurate with the development activity in a given area. So I expect that will continue to be the case.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Global gas is clearly in focus right now. So I wanted to get your thoughts on the revamped agreement with which will provide you more linkage to JKM. I think today, you're selling about 140,000 MMBtu, and that increases to 420 over time. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of timing and shed some light on the type of realizations you get from marketing the gas to LNG? And how is the economic rent shared amongst you and
Lance Terveen: Arun, this is Lance. I was just saying good morning. We're very excited about the new amendment that we have with And you're exactly right. I mean, we've got thousands that started in 2020. And I think that just really speaks to being really a first move or 2 because as you can see right now, you can look at the price realizations, you can see JKM spot prices are near $40, having that first-mover capability, moving quickly there to get that exposure is exactly right. As you mentioned in your question, it's been very impactful in a positive way as we think about our price realizations. We're very excited about the commitment. You're right, it ramps up. So we've got the 140 today that will ramp to 420 as they go into service. That's estimated to be probably with the first -- for Stage 3 in 2026. But if you remember there, we ramp up. We kind of go to the $140 today we started into the 420 as Stage 3 goes into service. And we still will maintain and we extended the 300,000 MMBtu a day sell that we have that's linked to Henry Hub. So we're excited about it. It's a brownfield facility. They've demonstrated being early on many of their projects. So we're excited to see our relationship grow from that standpoint and expect to see the price realizations materialize as well.
Arun Jayaram: And my follow-up is just on the 2022 program. Ezra, you guided to 570 net wells, we want to get a bit more color on the decision to allocate more capital to the Delaware versus Eagle Ford? It looks like your Eagle Ford activity will be down, call it, more than 50% year-over-year, while your Delaware will be up 30% more, including a little bit more second bone activity. So I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color there.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Arun, this is Billy Helms. So yes, we're allocating a little bit more money to the Delaware Basin. And it's really just a function of the maturity of the Eagle Ford at this point. The Eagle Ford has been an active play for more than, I guess, 12 years and certainly has been a highly economic play for the company and continues to be. I would remind everybody that last year was the single best returns we've ever generated in the Eagle Ford play since its inception 12 years ago. And so it's still a very valuable play, but it is more mature. The Delaware Basin on the other hand is still a lot earlier in its maturity in this life cycle and still has a lot of opportunity to grow and test new horizons and expand our development capabilities over time. So it's just a lot younger in its maturity phase. So I think it naturally will command a little bit more activity on that side.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. The line is yours.
Doug Leggate: Last time I spoke to you, you were talking about the mix of the double premium wells in the production profile and of course the impact on sustaining capital and breakeven oil prices. So I wonder if you could just walk us through how you see that? The 32 breakeven you've given us today obviously comes with a, I guess, some element of growth in the capital. So how do you see the sustaining capital? How do you see that breakeven trending? That's my first question.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Doug, this is Ezra. Thanks for the question. Yes, our maintenance capital on the back of a 7% well cost reduction last year and then additional well improvement, combined with increasing the percentage of double premium wells. And what I mean by that is a lower cost of the reserves, bringing those into the company's financials. Our maintenance capital continues to decrease, which is fantastic for us. You're right, the $32 breakeven that we provided today is actually with our commensurate with the CapEx program that we have for this year. But the double premium wells, we can't stress enough. Not only is it -- does the impact show out on very rapid payout and a high rate of return, but really by bringing those lower-cost reserves and a lower decline into the base of the company, over time, it really does start to show up an impact the full cycle returns and free cash flow generation potential of the company in the future.
Doug Leggate: So where do you think those 2 numbers are today, the sustaining capital and the ex-growth breakeven?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. So we didn't release a maintenance capital this earnings call due to the fact that we've started to allocate some additional capital into the Dorado play. And so it starts to get a little bit messy as you start going from oil into a BOE equivalent as we are starting to see the phenomenal results there with the Dorado play as we dedicate additional capital to it. Nevertheless, I think what we've outlined is with the 7% well cost reduction and slight improvements on the well mix year-over-year, we've continued to drive down that breakeven. And for the full cycle return, we have a slide in our deck that shows the one way that we like to present it is the price required for a 10% return on capital employed. And you can see we made a big step change last year as we drove that price down to $44.
Doug Leggate: My follow-up is a capital allocation question, and it's really -- maybe it's for Tim. The free cash flow you're showing in your slide deck of north of $4 billion a year after the special could essentially wipe out the majority of your share buyback authorization. I'm just wondering why you still feel no need to offer some kind of capital return framework? Because clearly, with the transparency of that breakeven level with the duration of your inventory and so on, valuation becomes a little bit more transparent. Therefore, buybacks could perhaps be more justifiable. So I'm just curious why you've been reluctant now to go down that route? I'll leave it there.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Doug, this is Ezra again. Just to reiterate our free cash flow priorities, first, the commitment begins with the sustainable dividend growth of our regular dividend. In '21, we doubled that regular dividend. And to us, that regular dividend is really indicative of what we're trying to accomplish. It reflects the continuing increase in the go-forward capital efficiency of the company. And it's also focused on creating through-the-cycle value and free cash flow, and that's ultimately what we're trying to do. Again, going back to what we were just talking about with the investment in the double premium wells and lowering the cost base of the company, trying to take at least a small step away from the inevitable commodity price cycles of our industry. The second free cash flow priority for us is a pristine balance sheet, which obviously provides tremendous competitive advantage in a cyclical industry. And then the third, what we're talking about right now is the additional cash return in the form of specials or opportunistic repurchases. And as we talked about, last year, we demonstrated the commitment with $2.7 billion in cash return through the form of $3 per share special dividends and are regular. And then we also retired that $750 million bond early in the year. In general, what we've talked about is we're going to use our -- reserve our repurchase opportunities to be more opportunistic than programmatic. So in times one way to think is that in times of rising share or oil price, you can expect us to prefer to do special dividends. And really, the way that we think about the share repurchase is, we measure it as an investment the same as we measure any investments across our business. So we want to make sure that it competes on a returns basis. And that's why we still prefer in an environment like this to stick with the special dividend as the priority for additional cash return.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Gruber: Just following on that line of questioning, given that your net debt negative here at the start of the year, should we think about the cash build is largely being over This is Tim. No. First of all, we are excited to have to be in a position where we are to have a cash balance going -- our net cash balance going forward. So we will continue, as I said in my opening remarks, we'll continue to build cash on the balance sheet during these high oil price scenarios and look to -- for opportunities in the countercyclical times to deploy that cash in a meaningful way in the form of more specials or stock buybacks or just opportunistic things that come along in the countercyclical environment. So the answer, again, is no, we will be -- in these high price environment, we will be building more cash on the balance sheet.
Scott Gruber: Got you. I appreciate the clarification. And then congrats on the expanded export agreement. Just thinking about the broader backdrop here, there's likely another round of LNG project sanctioning along the Gulf Coast. It seems like the industry is in an advantaged position there. How aggressive EOG on entering additional agreements, thinking kind of similar terms? Do you guys foresee and expanded JKM to Henry Hub spread that you'd want to capture? Do you think that's sustainable and you want to capture that spread? Or do you kind of look at additional agreements more through traditional diversification lens?
Lance Terveen: Yes, Scott. Thanks for your question. This is Lance. I think what I can really point you to is like you think about each of our operating areas and you think about our transportation positions that we have, it really puts us: one, we're in close proximity; but two, we have the capability that we can transact very quickly. So I think first, I would point you to that. And then I'd say secondly, yes, we're always interested in new opportunities. So we'll be continuing to look at that from like a business development standpoint. And it's really going to be commensurate like you heard from Billy as you talk about -- as you think about growth, our volumes. And then as we move forward, we will be looking at new opportunities, but that will be definitely commensurate with our plans on a go forward as we look at our plan.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities. Please go ahead. The line is yours.
Neal Dingmann: Maybe for you or Tim, maybe just ask one more on the shareholder return. I know most popular question. But you guys continue now to pay out over 50% of your free cash flow. And I'm just wondering on a go forward, I know there were some out there thinking you all would even have potentially a higher payout, is that something that you're targeting? I know you're not going to have the exact metrics on how you want to pay out up to a certain amount. But is that something internally you're always continuing to sort of look at paying out over 50% or 60% or something like that on a go forward, given your strong free cash flow?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. This is Ezra. We continue to evaluate our cash position with respect to dividends on a quarterly basis. And what I would say is that, you're correct, we're thrilled to be in the position where we are, where we can offer to the shareholders such a competitive regular base dividend that again, I think, is our number one priority as a way to create value through the cycles. But on top of that, we are in a great position to offer continued strength of our balance sheet to support that dividend and then continue to offer cash return -- additional cash return of excess free cash flow in the form of these specials and buybacks. We don't have a specific target that we do. We stay away from providing a formula because we want to be able to have the flexibility to do the right thing at the right time to really maximize the shareholder value in a way that is protected through the cycles. Said another way, I think we've demonstrated that over the past year. We've taken the opportunity to both strengthen the balance sheet last year. And again, last year pay out a significant amount, $2.7 billion in cash returns. And we've doubled down on that basically with this first quarter announcement with the $1.75 per share cash return this quarter. And essentially, that reflects the evaluation, the positive commodity price environment that we were experiencing in and the strength of the underlying business and our confidence in it going forward.
Neal Dingmann: I notice a nice bump on the NGL guide. Maybe could you talk about it -- I've seen you obviously now have a number of wells up in the sort of liquids area. Is that what's driving the growth there? Or can you could talk about sort of plans in the Marcellus side area or area, I would say,
Ezra Yacob: Yes. We actually divested of our Marcellus position a couple of years ago that was in a dry gas part of the Marcellus acreage there in Pennsylvania. With respect to some of the other opportunities that we haven't really discussed publicly, that's really exploration, as you guys know. First and foremost, we're an exploration company. We're always striving to be a first mover and organically improve the quality of our inventory. So I will provide you a little bit of color on that. Domestically, we continue to explore across the U.S., our exploration program that we've talked about for the last year or so has been progressing. We finished last year drilling 12 wells across multiple opportunities, all dominantly oil-focused and we'll be slightly increasing that number this year to about 20 as we're encouraged with some of the results that we had last year. In general, though, like I said, we don't discuss the details of the exploration other than just to say that the opportunities are low-cost entry, they're oil focused, they're reservoirs that we think can exploit with our horizontal drilling and completions expertise. And this year, we look forward to doing some more delineation and appraisal drilling. And as we've said in the past, the goal of our exploration program is not just to find oil or find reserves. It's really to add to the quality of our inventory from a lower finding cost and higher returns perspective. And so it takes time to be able to evaluate that we can actually discover these opportunities and bring them into the mix where they're really going to help lower the cost base of the company and be a significant contributor to our portfolio going forward.
Neal Dingmann: And I guess just a follow-up on that. As far as the NGL guide going up, that's simply a function of the fact that we have opportunity to make an election as to how much we recover or reject going forward on several of our processing contracts -- and with the strength of much of the NGL pricing, we're simply assuming we'll be in recovery mode more than rejection mode in several of those contracts this year.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. The line is yours.
Scott Hanold: And maybe just since you talked a little bit about the exploration opportunities in the U.S. Can you give us a sense of how you think about international exploration opportunities? I know you all were doing some work in Oman in offshore Australia. Is there any update there? And how do you think about international versus onshore or U.S. opportunities?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Scott, in general, as we've talked about, the international opportunities have -- they have a higher hurdle to really be considered additive to the quality of our inventory simply because we need to have access to services there. We need to have access to contracts, and we need to find the subsurface geology that actually makes it, not just competitive, but really superior to much of what we're drilling here. In Australia, to start with that one, we still have that opportunity. We plan -- we're in the permitting phase currently, and we plan to initiate drilling in that one early next year. And then in Oman, we did announce, as you recall, we had a low cost of entry into Oman. It included a 2-well commitment. And during the second half of '21, we drilled those 2 exploratory wells, one of which was a short horizontal. We completed that horizontal, made a natural gas discovery there. But ultimately, as I was just saying the prospect, we decided is not going to compete with our existing portfolio. So we won't be moving forward with that project. In general, we do feel encouraged with the international opportunities out there because we see really kind of a lack of exploration competition out there. And we see that many times, national oil companies or ministries, the owners of those lands have really started to realize that they can't rely on traditional conventional term contracts to be able to get some unconventional type prospects drilled. And so we're seeing a little bit more flexibility on the negotiation side, which gives us some encouragement.
Scott Hanold: And I'm going to hit on the shareholder returns too because obviously, you all are in a very enviable position. But Ezra and Tim, you guys talk about being opportunistic and countercyclical ways with your balance sheet then -- during the fourth quarter, I guess, post things given there was a little bit of a disconnect there. Your stock was a lot lower than it is today. Why not take that opportunity then to buy back stock? Can you -- so just trying to frame for us like when you think the right opportunities to buy back stock are.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. In general, Scott, we didn't see that as one of the opportunities that we're looking for there in the fourth quarter. When we talk about the significant dislocation, we're talking about something more so than that. Like I said, we consider share repurchase in the same way that we do any investment decision. It's how does it create the most long-term shareholder value. And we're in a cyclical industry, and that's why we prefer to use it opportunistically with a significant opportunity. The challenge, of course, is we recognize that being in a position to execute during the market dislocation is a challenging thing to do. However, we feel with the strength of our balance sheet and the low cash operating cost that we have, we'll be well positioned when we see the opportunity.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Leo Mariani from KeyBanc. Please go ahead. The line is yours.
Leo Mariani: I wanted to see if there's any update on the PRB. Certainly noticed in the slide deck that activity there is going to be down a little bit in terms of a few less wells in '22 versus what you did in '21. So perhaps you could kind of speak to how well costs have trended and kind of where that opportunity is on your list amongst the different plays? Clearly, you described a significant increase in Delaware activity this year. So how does the PRB rank?
Jeffrey Leitzell: Leo, this is Jeff Leitzell. The PRB, we're really excited about where it's going. In 2021, we had a record year, both from a well performance and an economic standpoint. Last year, our team, they continue to really delineate our core areas. They completed about 50 wells and half of those exceeded our double premium threshold. So we're really encouraged by that. On top of that, we also brought on multiple record wells in the basin, both in the Niobrara and the Mowry formations, all doing this while reducing our cost year-over-year by about 10%. So the one thing that we really look at with the Powder River Basin is it's a little bit more geologically complex compared to our other basins. So it's really important that we operate at the right pace, and we don't outrun our learnings. So looking forward kind of to 2022, we plan on maintaining a similar amount of activity and as our team there really high grades our acreage, refines our well spacing and strategically build out our infrastructure, we really expect the Powder River Basin asset to be able to increase activity in 2023 and beyond.
Leo Mariani: And then if I can just take another crack at the kind of exploration. So I certainly noticed that you guys are spending about by numbers of right around $100 million more on some of these U.S. plays here in '22, and you clearly talked about drilling more wells. I guess a common question I hear from investors out there is it's been a number of years since EOG has kind of announced the strategy, and I guess we'd kind of get to see a new significant U.S. oil play for the company. I know these things are hard to predict, but if I had to just kind of look at a high-level time line. I mean, do you think that's likely in '22 or maybe '23? I mean anything you can kind of say from a high level to get people some assurance that maybe these are progressing?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Leo, what I'd say is it's just really hard to predict, and I'd hate to commit to something to lead you down the wrong path. I might point to historically, we did some early drilling in the Powder River Basin, and it was a number of years before we felt comfortable We gotten that to a point where we want to talk about it publicly in a big way. And then the same with Dorado. I know there was a lot of speculation as to our Austin Chalk exploration program for a number of years. And as you can see, we waited until we had some long-term production and felt confident as to what we had there before we started really talking about it publicly. The current exploration program was definitely slowed down, even maybe a little bit more than we anticipated during the pandemic. It was just a little more difficult even to get leasing done and things of that nature. As we talked about in 2021, the plays coming out of the pandemic had really started to move it kind of various paces or various rates. Some of the wells last year that we drilled were the initial wells in these plays. In other prospects, some of the wells, we're really testing a little more delineation, repeatability, more appraisal. Because again, like I said, almost more than an exploration program, what we're trying to find is not just oil. That's not necessarily the most difficult thing anymore. It's really, as you guys can appreciate, trying to find low-cost barrels, barrels that are additive to what not only we have already discovered but what the industry has really discovered, what the world wants is access to lower-cost barrels, and that's what we're searching for. And so it takes a little bit longer to be able to really get the appraisal on these and make sure that these opportunities are really going to be additive, again, to the quality of our inventory.
Operator: The next question today comes from Jeannie Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeannie Wai: Our first question is maybe just back to the double premium. You added 700 new net double premium locations in 2021. And were these additions spread out across your plays? Or are they concentrated in maybe one or two of them? And where do you see the most runway for future conversions?
Kenneth Boedeker: Yes. Jeanine, thanks for the question. This is Ken. We added double premium locations over a number of our active premium plays, really in line with where we drilled our wells last year, mainly in the Permian and the Eagle Ford. And this is really just an example of our culture where we're working to get better, continuing to lower well costs while focusing on increasing the recovery is what leads to significant increases in returns and really allows us to convert wells to premium and double premium through time. And our goal is to always replace at least as many double premium locations as we drill every year.
Jeannie Wai: Maybe our second question, maybe 1 for Tim or Ezra. In the past, I think if memory serves me correctly, I think you've commented that after you pay off the 2023 notes that you don't really have a desire to pay down any further debt. I just wanted to check in if that was still the thinking? And I think we're just really looking for a little bit more color on how you decided that $1 per share for the special this time around was the optimal level?
Tim Driggers: Yes. This is Tim. No, we have not announced any intention of paying off more bonds as they become due. We'll continue to evaluate that as we go forward, but we -- that did not figure into the dollar was a way of giving back meaningful amount of cash to the shareholders in this period. And as we said, that's a backward-looking thing, not a forward-looking thing.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Neil Mehta from Golman Sachs. Please go ahead. The line is yours.
Neil Mehta: I know EOG has developed some more internal macro forecasting capability. And I'd just be curious on your views on U.S. shale production in the United States. How are you guys thinking about it entry to exit U.S. oil growth? And talk about the moving pieces ranging from what you're seeing from your competitors in the private market to services constraints such as pressure pumping, your thoughts on U.S. growth would be valuable.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Neil, I'll add a bit of an overview, and then maybe I'll hand it off to Billy for some more details for you on the activity side. But in general, when we think about the growth forecasts that are out there and have been publicly discussed, we're probably a bit more on the lower end in general on the crude and condensate side. And the reason for that is I think you're seeing commitment from the North American E&P space to remain disciplined. And then you couple that with some of the inflationary and supply chain pressures. And we think the U.S. is definitely going to face some headwinds in growth on this year. And I think Billy can provide a bit more details on it.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Neil, this is Billy. I'm sure you've heard the same comments from many of our peers about the supply chain constraints in the industry is seeing across all the sectors, certainly on the drilling rig side, there's certainly most of the active super-spec rigs are being -- are deployed and active today. There's not a lot of new pieces of equipment that can come into the market. The same is true on the frac side of the business, most of the good equipment is already under employment today. And then bringing in new fleets, both on the drilling side and on the frac side, is challenged also from the standpoint of attracting labor to the market. So there's a lot of headwinds to try to -- for the industry to try to ramp up activity and grow production this year. So it will be a probably viewed as maybe a transition year also in that light. And hopefully, the industry can strengthen and get better on a go-forward basis. But this year is going to be a challenging year from that side.
Neil Mehta: And then the follow-up is around natural gas, both U.S. and global. A lot of moving pieces, obviously, right now from a geopolitical standpoint. But the most of the industry has been of a lower-for-longer U.S. natural gas view. Do you see that evolving as we have more LNG linkage into the global market? If you think about global gas, especially in light of your announcement with do you see a structural change in this market until Qatar supply comes on mid decade?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Neil, this is Ezra. In general, what I would say is the U.S. has discovered a very vast supply of natural gas, and it's important that we get that gas offshore and into the global market for some of the reasons that you talked about now, not only geopolitical, but just developing nations, so on and so forth. And that's one of the reasons where we're so glad to partner and continue to take out some of our LNG. For us, the way we think about the natural gas globally is really it's going to be a cost of supply. And we say that we want to be the low-cost producer, and that might sound like we're talking about oil dominantly, but that goes for gas as well. And it's one reason we're very excited about our Dorado prospect. We think it competes in North America is basically the lowest cost of supply, especially because of its geographic location, close to so many marketing centers, including the Gulf Coast. So we're very excited and very fortunate to have it. And I think the U.S. is going to continue to be, in the long term, a significant player in the global gas supply.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Q&A session. So I'll now hand the call back to Mr. Yacob.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. We want to thank everyone for participating on the call this morning, and we want to thank our shareholders for their support. As we said, EOG had an outstanding performance in 2021, and we're poised for an up great year in 2022. And it really comes down to our employees. Our employees are the keys to our success, and it's why I'm convinced are to being one of the lowest cost, highest return and lowest emissions energy suppliers that can play a significant role in the long-term future of energy. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to EOG Resources Third Quarter 2021 Earning Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG's SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures can be found on EOG's website. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chief Executive Officer, Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer, [Indiscernible] EVP Exploration and Production. [Indiscernible], EVP Exploration and Production. [Indiscernible], Senior VP Marketing, and [Indiscernible], VP Investor and Public Relations. Here's Ezra Yacob.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. EOG is delivering on our free cash flow priorities. Yesterday, we announced an 82% increase to our regular dividend to an annual rate of $3 per share, a $2 per share special dividend, and an update to our share buyback authorization to $5 billion. These cash return announcements reflect EOG's consistent outstanding performance and are the direct result of our disciplined approach to high return investment. During the third quarter, we set new quarterly earnings in cash flow records, adjusted Net Income of $1.3 billion or $2.16 per share and free cash flow of $1.4 billion. The strength of our current and future earnings in cash flow that supports both dividend announcements can be traced back to 2016. Amid a potentially prolonged low commodity price environment, we made a permanent upgrade to our investment criteria.  Our premium hurdle rate was established, not only to protect the Company's profitability in 2016, but all future commodity cycles. The discipline to only invest in new wells that earn a minimum 30% direct after-tax rate of return, assuming a $40 oil price for the life of the well continues to improve our capital efficiency, profitability, and cash flow. Our employees immediately embraced the challenge of this new investment hurdle. And by the second half of 2016, EOG was reinvesting capital and paying the dividend within cash flow. We've generated free cash flow every year since. From 2017 to 2019, we generated enough free cash flow to significantly reduce net debt by $2.2 billion, while also increasing the dividend rate 72%. We also expanded our inventory of premium wells by more than 3 times.  While adding inventory that meets the minimum premium threshold increases quantity, our goal through technical innovation and organic exploration is to add higher quality inventory. Our employees empowered by EOG 's unique culture, applied innovation and efficiencies to raise the return of much of the existing inventory, while adding higher rate of return wells through exploration. The premium standard established in 2016, and the momentum that followed provided a step change in operational and by extension, financial performance, which set the stage for the second upgrade to our reinvestment hurdle rate, Double premium. Double premium, which is a minimum return hurdle of 60% direct after-tax rate of return at $40 oil was initiated during the depth of last year's unprecedented down-cycle. That capital discipline enabled EOG to deliver extraordinary results in a $39 oil price environment last year. Using such stringent hurdle rates prepared the Company, not only for 2020, but for our stellar results this year.  There is no clear indication of the impact premium, and now double premium has had on our confidence in EOG's future profitability than the 82% increase to our regular dividend announced yesterday. Combined with the 10% increase made in February of this year, we have doubled our annual dividend rate from a $1.50 per share to $3 per share. After weathering 2 downturns during which we did not cut nor dispend the dividend -- suspend the dividend, the new annual rate of $3 per share reflects the significant improvement in the EOG's capital efficiency since the transition to premium drilling. Going forward, we are confident the double premium will continue to improve the financial performance just like premium did, 5 years ago. We're also confident in our ability to continue adding to our double premium inventory without any need for expensive M&A by improving our existing assets and adding new players from our deep pipeline of organic exploration prospects, Developing high return, low cost reserves that meet our stringent double-premium hurdle rate expands our future free cash flow potential and supports EOG's commitment to sustainably growing our regular dividend. EOG's focus on returns, disciplined growth, strong free cash flow generation, and sustainability remain constant. Just as our free cash flow priorities are consistent, so remains our broader strategy and culture. EOG's competitive advantage is our people.  And today's announcements are a reflection of our culture of innovation and execution. Looking towards 2022, oil market supply and demand fundamentals are improving, but remain dynamic. While it's unlikely the market will be fully balanced by the end of 2021, we will continue to monitor macro fundamentals as we plan for next year. We are committed to maintaining production until the oil market needs additional barrels. Under any scenario, we remain focused on driving sustainable efficiency improvements. We are well positioned to offset inflationary price pressures to help keep our well costs flat next year. To summarize this quarter's earnings release and 3 points. First, our fundamental strategy of investing in high return projects consistently executed year-after-year is delivering outstanding financial results.  Second, we're still getting better. As we continue to expand our opportunity set to add double-premium inventory through sustainable well cost reductions in our organic exploration, EOG is set up to improve performance even further. And third, we are well-positioned to execute our high return reinvestment program in 2022 to deliver another year of outstanding returns. Here's Tim to review our capital allocation strategy and our free cash flow priorities.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. As we have been progressing premium the last 5 years, our capital allocation decisions have been guided by a set of long-standing consistent priorities. First, is high return disciplined reinvestment. Our returns on capital investment have never been higher. Our market fundamentals remain the number 1 determinant of when to grow. Second is a regular dividend, which we believe is the best way to return cash to shareholders. We paid a dividend for 22 years without suspending or cutting it. At the new level of $3 per year, we can comfortably form both the dividend and maintenance CapEx at $40 WTI. The combination of our low-cost structure, high returns, and strong financial position will sustain this higher regular dividend. This resilient financial position is backstopped by our third priority, a pristine Balance Sheet with almost 0 net debt. We remain firmly committed to a strong Balance Sheet. It's not conservatism, it's a competitive advantage.  Fourth, we regularly review other cash return options, specifically special dividends and share buybacks. Yesterday we declared a special dividend for the second time in 2021 and updated our share buybacks authorization. Share buybacks have always been part of our playbook and will remain an opportunistic cash return alternative. We are cognizant of the challenges of successfully executing a share buybacks in a cyclical industry. We now expect there will be periods in the future when the stock will be impacted by macro factors, such as the commodity cycle, geopolitical events, and other unforeseen events like the COVID pandemic in 2020. The updated $5 billion authorization provides the flexibility to act and take advantage when the right opportunity presents itself.  We believe our strategy for the use of other cash return options is well designed to deliver value through the cycle. Finally, we're not in the market for expensive M&A in a simply a low return proposition. We can create much more value through organic reinvestment and our shareholders can do better with their excess cash our premium strategy generates back in their hands. Since our shift to premium in 2016, EOG has generated nearly $10 billion of free cash flow. With that cash flow, EOG has reduced debt $1.5 billion. Increased the cash balance by $3.6 billion. And we'll return more than $5 billion to shareholders by the end of 2021, this is a significant amount of shareholder value driven by premium.  Today, EOG is positioned to translate that value creation into even more cash returns to shareholders. In the third quarter, we generated a record $1.4 billion of free cash flow, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $3.5 billion, which is equal to the total return of capital paid and committed this year to our regular dividend, to special dividends, and debt repayment. You can expect us to continue returning cash going forward. There might be times when we strategically increased or decreased the cash balance, but over time, the cash will go back to our shareholders. Here's Billy.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. As a result of the -- to the consistency of our operating performance, we delivered another quarter of outstanding results. I couldn't be more proud of the engagement of our employees and their culture of continuous improvement. Their execution of our 2021 plan has been near perfect. For the third quarter in a row, we produced more oil for less capital. That is, we exceeded our production targets while spending less than our forecast for capital expenditures. Well, productivity driven by our double premium hurdle rate continues to out perform while our drilling and completion teams pushed the [Indiscernible], on new sustainable cost savings and expand those efficiencies throughout our active operating areas. Examples include in-sourcing and re-designing drilling equipment, adopting innovative techniques to reduce nonproductive time, expanding super zipper completion operations, and reducing sand and water-sourcing cost.  Our ability to continue to lower cost and deliver reliable execution quarter after quarter is tied to common set of operating practices that together form a sustainable competitive advantage for EOG. First, we are a multiplay Company, with activities spread across 4 different basins in the U.S. As conditions change, we have the flexibility to shift capital between place to optimize returns. Second, we are organized under a decentralized structure. Decisions are made by discrete focused teams, closer to the operation, rather than dictated by headquarters. Our culture is non-bureaucratic and entrepreneurial. We empower our front line employees to make decisions, bringing them to drive innovation and efficiency improvement. Third, we have established strategic vendor relationships with our preferred service providers.  We are typically -- we're not typically the biggest beneficiary of price reductions during downturns. We also tend to not be on the leading edge of price increases during inflationary periods. Fourth, we have taken ownership of the value-added parts of the drilling, completions, and production supply chain by applying our operational expertise, proprietary technology to improve efficiency and lower cost. Examples include sand, water, chemicals, drilling fluids, completion design, drilling motors, the marketing of our products, and much more. As a result, our operating teams have complete ownership of driving improvements in every step. And finally, we apply a world-class information technology to every part of our operations. Our data-gathering and analysis capabilities improve -- continue to improve, which we leveraged to better manage day-to-day field operations for more efficient use of resources, as well as discovering new innovations. As a result of these strategic advantages, we are confident in achieving our target of 7% well cost savings this year.  This is an incredible accomplishment given the state of inflation. As we move into next year, we're on track to lock in 50% of our total well cost by the end of this year. We have locked in 90% plus of our drilling rigs at rates that are flat to lower than 2020 and 2021. We've also secured more than 50% of our completion crews at favorable rates. While it is still early, the savings from these initiatives and other improvement efforts will continue to be realized next year, helping us offset the risk of additional inflation. And thus we remain confident that we will be able to keep well cost at least flat in 2022. Now, here's Kent.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. Last month we published our 2020 sustainability report. As detailed in this report, we are focused on reducing emissions in the field. Our flaring intensity rate decreased 43% in 2020 compared to 2019, which drove an overall 9% reduction in greenhouse gas intensity. We continue to make progress toward our goal of zero routine flaring across all our operations by 2025, with our more immediate goal of 99.8% wellhead gas capture this year. We also made significant progress on methane last year, reducing our methane emissions percentage by 1/3 to less than 1/10 of 1% of our natural gas production. Since 2017, we've reduced our methane emission intensity percentage by 80%. Our sustainability report profiles that technology and innovation that contributed to these improvements and illustrates why we are optimistic about future performance on our path to net-zero by 2040. Examples of how we are addressing emissions in the field include closed loop gas capture, which helps us continue to reduce flaring.  We're leveraging information technology and our extensive data analysis capabilities from both mobile platforms and our central control rooms to better manage day-to-day operations. In addition, we're piloting technology in the field, such as sensors and control devices that complement our already robust leak detection program. These are just a few examples of the initiatives we have underway. Like all efforts to the EOG, our sustainability strides are bottom-up driven. Creative ideas to improve our ESG performance come from employees working in our operating areas every day. We have a long list of solutions we expect to pilot and profile in the future. Our record of significantly reducing our GHG intensity over the last several years speaks for itself, and we're committed to continuing to improve our emissions performance. Now here's Ezra, to wrap things up.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you, Ken. Our record-breaking operational and financial results throughout this year, and the cash returned announcements we made yesterday deserved to grab some headlines. However, the real story behind our performance is consistency of strategy supported by our unique culture. At the start of the call, I said there is no clear indication of the impact premium and now double premium has had on our confidence in EOG's future profitability than the annual $3 per share regular dividend. And while establishing the premium standard back in 2016 shifted us into a different year, culminating in the magnitude of our cash return this year. Our fundamental strategy executed year-after-year by employees united by unique culture dates back to the founding of the Company. That's ultimately what gives me confidence that EOG's best days are ahead.  We are a return-focused organic exploration Company that leverages technology and innovation to always get better. Decentralized, non-bureaucratic. Every employee is a business person first focused on creating value in the field at the asset level. Our financial strategy has always been and remains conservative, not just to offset the inherent risks in a cyclical business, but to take advantage of them. We're committed to the regular dividend and believe it is the best way to create consistent and dependable long-term value for shareholders. We have a proven track record that our strategy works and going forward, investors can expect more of the same consistent execution year after year. Thanks for listening. We'll now go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. Questions are limited to 1 question and 1 follow-up question. We will take as many questions as time permits. [Operator Instructions]. If you find your question has been answered, you may remove yourself by [Operator Instructions]. We'll pause for a moment to give everyone an opportunity signal for questions. Our first question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning. 2 questions, please. First, you have the authorization for the buyback, but quite frankly, I don't recall EOG ever done any buyback for the past 20 years. So can you talk about what is the condition or criteria to -- for you to actually act on it? And in theory, if you're going to buy it when the market is suffering the downturn, does that mean that you should have a really strong bond in circling into the downturn maybe at a net cash position, so -- in order for you to be able to afford it. My last [Indiscernible] saying that at the top the pandemic, your share pie as really attractive, but I'm not sure that you have the [Indiscernible] or that the will to do the buybacks at that point. That's the first question.  The second question is on the hedging, you have been quite aggressive, putting in a lot of natural gas hedges. Curious that with your low break-even requirement and very strong Balance Sheet, why put on hedges so aggressively onto some degree even though you have a physical barrel of [Indiscernible] that to support you. But is that the fundamental basic you said you could become a speculation on the direction of the commodity prices. When you're doing it that way? Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Yes this is Ezra. Paul, thanks for the question. Let me start by outlining a little bit on the buyback and then I'll hand it to Tim Driggers for a little more detail on it. You're right, we're buyback authorization. We've had one previously and we haven't exercise that, in quite some time. What we've done right now as we've refreshed it to a size that's a little more commensurate with the scale of our Company today. And we plan to exercise the buybacks in more of an opportunistic way, rather than something problematic is how we expect to be able to use it and I'm going to ask Tim to provide you a little more details on exercising it.
Tim Driggers: Sure. Turn my microphone, I'm sorry. First of all, we will evaluate buybacks like any other investment decision, how does it creates long-term shareholder value? So that will be the first thing we'll have to look at every time we make this decision. Specifically to answer your question about could we have started during the pandemic but didn't have the financial wherewithal to do that, you're exactly right. At that point in time, oil was negative, the price oil was negative and we had two bonds coming to -- totaling $1 billion. So had we been in the shape we're in today, that would've been a perfect time to buy shares. But we weren't in that same position we are today. That's how -- that's why continuing to work on the balance sheet and positioning ourselves for the future has been so important to EOG. So we should not ever have that situation again. We have positioned the Company to be able to opportunistically take advantage of these situations.
Ezra Yacob: And following on the second question regarding our hedges, specifically gas, but really in general, our hedging strategy hasn't changed at all. As you know, we invest on a very, very stringent hurdle rate, our premium and now double-premium rate. That's based on a $40 oil price, but it's also based on a $2.50 natural gas price for the life of the well. And so when we can opportunistically look to lock in some hedges north of $3, we feel very good about the returns that we're generating going forward on the gas price. In general, we like to have a bit of hedges put on whether oil or gas, just give us a little bit of line of sight into our budgeting process as we enter into a new year. And so really that's the commentary on both the gas and the oil hedges.
Operator: The next question will come from Arun Jayaram. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. Ezra, the 2021 cash return to equity holders as tally just under 30% of CFO, if you add in debt, it's around 36% of your CFO. I know there's no formal framework in place, but how should investors be thinking about cash returns on a go-forward basis and could this 30% be viewed at some sort of the benchmark?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun. This is Ezra. No, I wanted to -- I would not take that as any type of benchmark. I think we've been very clear for the last couple of years in talking about our framework for cash return, really just our free cash flow priorities. The emphasis -- the priority really is on a sustainable growing regular dividend. We think that's the hallmark. It's forward-looking and that's the hallmark of a very strong Company. Hopefully, it sends a signal to everybody the -- of our confidence in the growing capital efficiency of our Company. Obviously, we've talked about some low cost property bolt-on acquisitions. We've highlighted those on the last call and in the slide deck today. we've obviously covered a very strong, not just strong, but really a pristine Balance Sheet.  And then to the last part of -- really the other part of your question is our other cash returns options for excess-free cash flow, which is the special dividend, and then as Tim was just mentioning, some of the share repurchases. And as we've said, we're very committed to returning excess-free cash flow. We have stayed away from a specific formula because, we'd like to be able to -- we try not to run the Company on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We tried to take a longer view of things. We realized that there are times when potentially the cash on hand may need to move up or down. But regardless of it over the long term, I think we've demonstrated, especially this year, that we're very committed to returning that excess free cash flow.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up, with the dividend increase to $3 on an annualized basis, as well that will represent just over $1.75 billion in annual outlays to equity holders for the dividend, how should investors be thinking about future growth? Does this temper how we should think about longer-term production growth given the higher mix of dividend payments?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun. The step-up this year in the regular dividend is really a reflection of what we've been doing for the last 5 years in reinvesting this -- in the premium wells. We've been seeing it slowly but surely show up in our financial performance as we've lowered the cost basis of the Company. And the confidence going forward really is what we're seeing with our change in focus over the past 18 months to these double -premium wells. We feel that it's providing another step change in operational performance that should filter through to a step change in financial performance as we've witnessed with that change to premium. And then our inventory, of course, is spread across multiple basins. We have 5,800 of these double -premium locations and over 11,000 of the premium locations, and we're adding to that every day.  Our employees are working through either low -- identifying low cost bolt-on acquisition opportunities, sustainable well-cost reductions, as we've highlighted this quarter's stronger well productivity, and then, of course, our low - cost entry into organic exploration opportunities to further expand both the quantity and the quality of that inventory. So I think as we continue moving forward and sticking to our game plan of investing in double premium, it has the potential to continue to expand the free cash flow potential of EOG and thereby continue to provide an opportunity for us to remain committed to sustainably growing our dividend.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking our questions. Our first question is on the special dividend. In terms of the timing and the process for that, when you looked at the potential to announce one, what did you see this time around that perhaps you didn't see last quarter when you decided to forego a special dividend?
Tim Driggers: Jeanine, this is Tim, so as already been stated, we are committed to our free cash flow parties and that has not changed. So we look at all the factors every quarter to determine when is the right time to do either special dividend, or nail the share buybacks, or increase the regular dividend. So when we looked at our cash balance at September 30, was sitting at $4.3 billion. That gives us -- that leaves us well-positioned to pay off our bond in 2023 and provide this $2 special dividend. So it's a combination of all those factors and we felt this was a meaningful amount of cash to return at this time.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. And then my second question, maybe following up on Arun 's question on the base dividend. The large increase in the base, it seems like it's a catch-up to close the gap between what the business can support given the premium and double premium wells like you just said, and what was actually getting paid out. So I guess in terms of the timing also on the base, we're just curious how much of a factor the potential that you now see in your exploration plays factored into the decision to increase the base.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Jeanine, this is Ezra again. It's not just the exploration plays, it's really just our confidence and being able to expand the overall inventory, the quality of the inventory into that double premium. And some of it comes from the announcements that you saw on this quarterly on the quarter results, the stronger well productivity supporting better than guidance volumes, the better than guidance capex driven by sustainable well cost reductions. When I think about that, I think about our existing inventory increasing in performance and quality. And then I think about converting some of our premium wells into double premium status. And then of course we have identified small bolt-on acquisitions where we can continue to grow and expand that inventory level for us. And then as you highlighted, we've got the organic exploration mix.  We're drilling 15 wells this year that we've talked about that are not in the publicly disclosed place. Those places are at various states of either initial drilling, collecting of data, or evaluating as we've talked about on other calls, repeatability production performance of those plays. And so we're very excited and confident in our ability to continue to expand. And as I said increased the quality of our double premium inventory. And ultimately that's what gives us the confidence to be able to see that we can continue to lower the cost base of the Company, increased the capital efficiency of EOG, and continue to support a sustainably growing base dividend, which is our commitment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. In your deck, you mentioned a carbon capture pilot project, which is interesting. Ezra, can you speak to your early ambitions in carbon capture? Are you looking strictly at the [Indiscernible] are you investigating pure storage? And what level of resources having committed internally to the initiative?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott. I appreciate the question. I'm going to ask Ken Boedeker to address it.
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Scott. We're continuing to make good progress on that initial carbon capture project that we've talked about. We've finalized many of the below-ground geologic studies and we're currently working on the engineering and regulatory portions of the project. As we work our way through these steps, we'll get more clarity on timing. But right now we hope to initiate CO2 injection in late 2022. In terms of capital that we're allocating towards it, it's roughly 2% to 3% of our budget is going to be allocated towards all of our ESG projects, is what we see.
Scott Gruber: Ken, and as you investigate the opportunity, how are you thinking about participating in the value chain, would you be interested in entering transports? Obviously, it's an exciting opportunity, but it gets more capital intensive where you kind of broaden participation. Just how are you thinking about the broader opportunity in participating across the value chain?
Ken Boedeker: Scott, we're really not going to change the business that we're in. We're looking at carbon capture right now to significantly reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions at this point. That business is a much lower return business than what we see with our development that we have. So we'll keep an eye on that but our real goal for carbon capture is just reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions which we've made significant progress on in the last several years.
Operator: Our next question will come from [Indiscernible] with KeyBanc, please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys. Just looking at the guidance here for fourth quarter, we can certainly see some pretty significant growth on U.S. gas. Obviously, looking at gas prices right now, we're at multi-year highs at this point in time. Should we see that as a bit of a signal that EOG is perhaps flexing up a little bit on the natural gas side to try to capture what it probably some fantastic returns at the current prices here.
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo. This is Billy Helms. So on the capex side, certainly part of our program as we laid out earlier this year, was just advanced some of Dorado prospect in South Texas, as you know, it's a very competitive gas play with rest of the place in the U.S. And we've been very pleased with the results here. But we may -- we remain disciplined to only completes the 15 wells we targeted and laid out at the start of this year. It's really a little bit early to be talking about what we're going to look like next year. But obviously with the results we're seeing, we're very pleased with the results being -- meeting or exceeding the top curves we have laid out, that certainly gives us an option to look at increasing activity there.
Billy Helms: It's a little bit early yet to be saying what we're going to do next year, but we're very pleased with what we're seeing.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. And obviously in your prepared comments, you still spoke about the fact that probably be challenging to meet all the necessary conditions at year-end '21 that you all have laid out to put any type of real oil growth back in the market at this point in time. But I guess we -- I've certainly heard some rumblings lately that perhaps we might already be in pre -pandemic demand levels here as we work our way into November. I think OPEC+ has a plan to reduce its spare capacity pretty dramatically by mid '22. Just wanted to get a sense if you think perhaps in the mid to second half part of '22, there's a good shot at hitting the conditions that EOG laid out to potentially put a little growth back in the market.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo. This is Ezra. As Billy said, typically we don't provide guidance for the following year on this call but in general, our focus on 2022, the potential for that and us, as you highlighted, the things that we're looking at, we're focused on remaining disciplined and that hasn't changed. As we look into 2022, they are the 3 items that you've referenced that should signal a bit of a balanced market. First is demand, which has probably surprised to the upside a bit with just how quickly we've approached pre-COVID levels. The second is going to be the inventory numbers, which for us we'd like to see at or below the 5-year average, which they're currently there right now. But that brings up that third item that you spoke to, which is the spare capacity. And we'd like to see that spare capacity back to low levels more in line with historic trends. So as we sit here today, 2022 is looking like a year of transition. Spare capacity is going to come back online at this scheduled rates. That should translate into rising inventory levels and if things move forward, we could be looking at a balanced market sometime in the first half of '22. For us, for EOG in a scenario like that, we could probably return to maybe, our pre – Covid levels of oil production around that 465,000 barrel a day mark. That would represent no more than 5% growth next year. But again, that's as we are sitting here today, we will be officially firming up that 2022 plan or watching how the market develops over the next couple of months.  But as we're witnessing, bringing spare capacity back online has hit some snags as we're watching to see if that more routine startup challenges or is that more structural in nature due to under investment and those 2 factors are going to be just as important as seen, how the continued demand recovery COVID really develops with any potential future lock down, so on and so forth. So ultimately, we continue to remain to be disciplined going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Charles Meade with [Indiscernible], please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Morning, Ezra, to you and the whole EOG team there. You actually anticipated a large part of my question with your answer to the last one. But maybe just to dial in on it a little more closely, how far out do you think your view holds or your ability to look at the balance or unbalance in the oil market? And then once you did see a call to increase your oil activity, how long would it be before we actually saw it in the public markets in your quarterly financials?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles. Thanks for the question. I'll answer the first part of it and then ask Billy to provide a little bit more color also. How far out we can see the balance or the imbalance? To be perfectly honest, we're watching a lot of the same things that all of you are. Those 3 things that we highlighted. Demand has recovered pretty aggressively, I would say. I think it's surprised everybody. And then the inventory numbers in concert with the spare capacity coming back online. And the spare capacity again, if you simply look at the schedules that have been laid out and everybody sticks to the schedules and the supply actually comes back online. That would contemplate sometime in the front half of the year. But as I highlighted, and everyone has been seeing, there are some challenges or hurdles to getting all that spare capacity back online. As far as the -- the color on what we would be looking at, perhaps Billy can speak to it.
Billy Helms: Yeah, Charles. For as far as how long it would take before we would see any response basically showing up in our financials. If you just simply look at, when we see the signal and the time we deploy rigs and get the wells completed, non-production takes usually 3 to 4 months. So you'd start seeing it no earlier than that, but probably sometime a quarter or 2 after. So to have a meaningful difference in financial performance.
Charles Meade: Got it. So, if I'm understanding you correctly, it's -- it would be 2 quarters, maybe you start to see it nearly 3 quarters before there was a real Delta.
Billy Helms: That's correct.
Charles Meade: Great. And then just one quick follow-up for Tim. And I think you partly address this in your earlier comments. In the past, I recall you guys have talked about a target of $2 billion of cash on the balance sheet. With this new $5 billion share authorization in a slightly different posture about wanting to have some dry powder, does that mean that your target for $2 billion in cash, and I recognize you're not always going to be at the target, but does that mean that the target has gone north of that? And if so, has it gone to 3 or 4 or what's your thinking?
Tim Driggers: No, we haven't changed our target. We will continue to monitor that through the cycle and see there's all sorts of factors we have to take into consideration for the cash balance. As you know, working capital changes, for example, as prices swing up and down, so that's a big consideration. But no, it has not changed -- the authorization has not changed our philosophy on the cash balance.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, all. I don't want to belabor this just on the growth and reinvestment. But Ezra just want to make sure I'm clear on this, you guys have been quite clear about returns. I just want to make sure that I'm certain around the priority about the moderating reinvestment rate in order to drive the cash returns. Is that what I'm hearing over growth?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil. When we think about moving forward, we've done a lot on reinvesting in building this Company to take a bit of a step away from the commodity price cycles by focusing in on the premium wells and now double premium strategy. The growth for us has always been an output of our ability to reinvest at high rates of return, through 2017 to 2019 during a period of rapid growth for the industry. In fact, we're reinvesting only at a rate of about 78% and still generating free cash flow every year, and putting that towards an aggressively growing base dividend. So the strategy for us hasn't really changed. I think we've talked about potentially watching the macro environment a little bit more to help formulate our plans year-to-year. And that's where it falls in line with what we've been discussing over the last couple of questions. We still remain very committed to that. We don't want to push barrels into a market that's oversupplied or doesn't need the barrels. And so we'll be looking for the right time to see if the market needs our barrels before contemplating any return to growth.
Neal Dingmann: Very good, very clear. And then follow up on -- that earlier about you. It looks like you all had been added a little bit of gas hedges. Is that in relation to -- does that mean that you're you've been increasing the focus on the Dorado play given what natural gas prices are doing, so I guess I'm just wondering, is that are the 2 correlated or are you adding to that activity in the Dorado?
Billy Helms: Yeah. Neil, this is Billy Helms. As far as the volume of gas hedges and then what we've been doing there, really it's not focused strictly on Dorado, it simply goes back to our premium strategy that as we just laid out, it's based on a $40 oil and a $2.50 gas price. We saw the opportunity to lock in gas prices is above $3. So it gave us encouragement of locking in returns over the next several years at those prices. We have gas production quite a bit as you know in Dorado, but also quite a bit in other places as well. So it just helps ensure locking in returns over a multi-year period.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Hanold with RBC. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Thanks. I'm going to try, Ezra, I know you'll probably give me the answer that you'll talk about the budget next year. But if I could talk about a more big picture, if we all think of just a base maintenance spending levels into 2022. Would -- has the capital changed too much from what you all did this year? Like what would be the puts and takes from that? Because it seems like your well-cost, you're going hold pretty steadily. So is your maintenance capex case this year somewhat similar to what it would be next year all else being equal or are there anything else to consider?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah, Scott. This is Ezra and we'll talk about next year's budget, next year. So that a little bit facetiously for you, but quite frankly, I think we haven't updated our maintenance capital number yet. We'll provide that number commensurate with our plans laid out next year. But I think what you can see is that our team continues to make great progress and sustainable well cost reductions through their efficiency gains on applying innovation and technology. And I think Billy highlighted pretty well that we feel very confident that we achieved our first initial goal, I should say 5% well cost reduction and were in line to reduce our cost 7% this year. And we feel that a lot of those costs are what's going to insulate us against some of the inflationary pressures out there.
Scott Hanold: And how about just on -- was there anything unusual you'd say this year that we should think about next year in terms of exploration play or ESG spending? Is that -- is there any reason for us to think about that any differently?
Ezra Yacob: No, Scott. Really over the last few years, a lot of our percentage dedicated towards exploration and ESG have been pretty consistent.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Good morning, everybody. Ezra, I think your share price reaction today, I think, you can see the market's response to be greater cash returns. I'm wondering, why is it reluctant, seemingly still from EOG to provide a framework around the proportion of cash returns. It seems to be a persistent body or perhaps the recognition of sustainable free cash flow, which at the end of the day is what defines the value. I'm just wondering why there is reluctance not to commit to at least lay out framework as to how you think about the go-forward cash returns as opposed to one of those special dividend?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Doug, It's a question that we've been answering and we feel that we have provided a framework for our free cash flow priorities. It's as you mentioned, the sustainable growing base dividend to strengthen the Balance Sheet, these low-cost property acquisitions, and then more on point with your question, the other cash returns options which are special dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. And in a lot of ways, when we look back, I think we've shown our commitment to that. Not only this year with committing to $2.7 billion return in dividends over a year-to-date free cash flow generation of about 3.5 billion.  But I think we added a slide into the deck that shows longer-term what we've been able to do in providing just over $5 billion of free cash flow returns since 2016 on about $10.9 billion of free cash flow were generated. And so I think we've laid out a framework, I think our 2 announcements this year on special dividends totaling $3 per share on the specials, really demonstrates our commitment to it and as far as having the ability for our investors to see through and capitalize on that number. I think we've demonstrated our commitment to the point where the investors can capitalize on some of our excess free cash flow. To us, we still remain committed to delivering on those free cash flow priorities. We do want to continue to make decisions based on what we think will create the most significant long-term shareholder value. And that means sometimes not necessarily running the business on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but really taking a longer-term approach. And so locking ourselves into a formula that might have to change as conditions change, is really at the heart of our reluctance to do that.
Doug Leggate: I understand that. I guess, it's a moving piece. Maybe my follow-up is related then. I want to talk specifically about the buybacks. There's been a lot of reference to the '16, '19 period. And you know the history; it was a subsidized environment. You doubled production. Saudi was taking oil off the market, and we will see how that ended. We know what the response to the industry has been, but I want to get specifically to your view of mid-cycle and how you think then about the relative priorities around mid-cycle. What is your definition of mid-cycle? And how should we think about growth versus growth per share, given the buyback commencement?
Ezra Yacob: Well, Doug, I don't think I'm comfortable getting into mid-cycle metrics on here. But what I would tell you is we continue to think of this buyback as opportunistic. We think, again, with our authorization in place, we want to use it in a way that we feel confident we're going to be generating long-term shareholder value. More often than not for us, that's going to tend towards special dividends. And we're going to reserve our buyback authorizations to be used really just in times of dislocations and use it opportunistically rather than a more programmatic method.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research, please go ahead.
Bob Brackett: Good morning. It looks like you turned a couple of pads on in Dorado in the third quarter. Any color or commentary there; hitting expectations, exceeding?
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. Bob, this is Ken. As Billy said earlier, we have turned on several wells in the last few months and the color is all of them are at or above our type curve and what our plans were, going into the year. We do have one-drilling rig act even in the play right now and we're really moving rapidly up the learning curve. Again, just to reiterate, this play has really double premium returns and it's competitive for capital with our oil plays.
Bob Brackett: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Tim. Ezra, every new CEO has an opportunity to put their own thumbprint on the business and recognize that you're part of the prior leadership team as well, but just talk about your early observations as the new leader of the organization. Any subtle changes that you're making and talking about your messages to your internal and external stakeholders that you want the market to be aware of?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, appreciate the question and the opportunity. I think the bigger thing for our investors, our employees, everyone who is listening to the call is that EOG has got a proven track record. Our strategy works the shift to premium strategy has put us on a different trajectory and the shift to double premium is going to as well. The culture of EOG, the people that EOG has always been our competitive advantage, and that will continue to be that way. Honestly, Neil, the most important thing we can do as a leadership team, is put our employees in a position to succeed, where they can really contribute to the best of their abilities. And that's where we try to do every day and that's going to translate into not only our operational performance, that would you see the results of this quarter, but to our financial performance as well.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Ezra and the follow-up is I appreciated the slide that shows the breakdown of the well costs in how you guys are ahead of your competition in terms of managing and medicating some of these inflationary pressures. As you step back and think about the U.S. oil industry broadly, do you think this is ultimately going to be a challenge, these inflationary pressures, to restart the shale machine? And which of these bottlenecks or do you worry about the most in terms of being a constraint on the ability for the industry to grow again?
Billy Helms: Yeah, Neil, this is Billy Helms. Certainly as industry is seeing, we're seeing quite a bit of an inflationary pressure mainly in three areas that would say steel process. So tubulars, labor which is certainly affects all industries. And then fuel, those are probably the three inflationary pressures that are throughout our industry and really throughout the all industries. The one thing that I think is going to be, or maybe two things, two top priorities would be probably steel. I think availability of tubulars is something that I think most companies are struggling with or dealing with, I guess. And then, the other one would be labor and just getting enough people to manage the activity levels. Just to maybe give you a little bit color then on where EOG sits. Each year we try to get ahead of the curve and lock in a certain amount of our services to secure activity. But in this case, also protect us from inflation.  For instance, in 2021 we protected about a 65% of our well costs going into the year. As a result of that, plus the improving efficiencies, we're able to reduce our average well costs by about 7%, as that stated earlier. During the year though, we also took advantage and renegotiated many of our services at lower rates and locked in through and through the end of next year. So going into 2022, we expect to have about 50% of our well cost secured and with over 90% of our drilling rigs secured at lower rates and also 50% of our frac fleets secured. We expect to see inflation certainly in arms of such as steel, labor, and fuel just like everybody else. But by doing that, we've given ourselves visibility into areas of also improving efficiencies that we expect to offset much of this inflation. So we're still confident, we can keep well cost. At least flat going into next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Scialla with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Hi. Good morning. It's a high level question. Ezra, on your long-term outlook, as you think about the energy transition, how are you thinking about oil versus natural gas? Is there any preference there in or any of the exploration plays focused on gas or they all on oil?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Thank you, Michael. Long term, we believe the hydrocarbons are going to have a -- be a significant part of the energy solution long term. Obviously, we need to do as an industry a better job with our emissions profile. But when you think about oil and natural gas, they both go to different markets dominantly, your natural gas essentially is more on your power side and potentially in direct competition with things such as coal and your renewables. And then your oil transportation. Your oil obviously is a little more focused on transportation. In general when I think longer-term, I think the energy transition is going to be significantly slower than often times you hear about. And we're very bullish on the prospects for both. As far as the exploration plays goes as we've said in the past, dominantly the exploration plays are all oil-focused.
Michael Scialla: Okay, thanks for that. Ken, you had said on your CO2 pilot -- excuse me, your CCS pilot. I think you said you plan to inject in late '22, that seems to suggest you would not need a Class six permits. I'm wondering, is it fair to say you're reinjecting CO2 into an EOR project? And when you say it's not really economically competitive with your upstream business, are you planning on capturing 45 tax credits with any of your projects?
Ken Boedeker: Michael, this is Ken. To answer your question on the tax credit side, we are planning on capturing was 45Q tax credits. Our goal in terms of foot class or permit that we would secure. We believe that we will initially secure a class 2 permit that can be converted, will go through all of the regulatory requirements to be able to convert it to a class 6 later in its life. But that's what the plan is for our CCS project at this point.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Hi, guys. Just very quickly on -- can you talk about your LNG or what downstream natural gas strategy? Thanks.
Billy Helms: Hey, good morning. This is Helms.
Paul Sankey: Hey.
Billy Helms: Thanks for your question. And good morning. We're -- the team is definitely executing. You've seen several of our slides that we've put back, talking a lot about our transportation position is so incredibly valuable. We can move gas from all our different basins, from the Permian Basin, from the Eagle Ford, we talked a lot about Dorado earlier. And then with that and it gets access as you look along the Golf Course and you look at the LNG demand, especially that's growing over time. Obviously, you know, we've got a position there that we started. And just really speaks to being a first mover, especially, when you think about LNG. We went through a whole BD effort, kind of 17 and 18, we got the contracts finalized in 2020. And in 2021, obviously, we're definitely seeing the value of that contract. So being a first-mover is absolutely important. And yes, we're going to continue to look at new opportunities from an LNG standpoint, very well-positioned. Again, it gets back to our transport, our export capacities, and just having that ability to transact, we can definitely be very nimble as we even think about new opportunities.
Paul Sankey: Got it. And then a follow-up on the buybacks. I'm not clear. Are you saying that it's a shelf ability to buybacks shares when you want? Or are you actually going to try and get through this amount in the next 12 months?
Tim Driggers: Hi, Paul. This is Tim. We do not have a timeline on when we plan to buy back the $5 billion. When the opportunity presents itself, we will be in the market.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Yacob for any closing remark.
Ezra Yacob: We just want to thank each of you for participating in our call this morning and thank our shareholders for their support. As I highlighted at the start of the call, EOG's competitive advantage is our employees and they deserve all the credit for delivering another outstanding quarter. So thank you and enjoy the weekend.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to EOG Resources Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And it's time for opening remarks and introduction. I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers, please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2021 Earnings and Operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements.  The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG 's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures.  Definitions, as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures, can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call or in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines.  We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday.  Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman, and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ezra Yacob, President; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration and Production. Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing, and David Streit, VP Investor and Public Relations. Here's Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. And good morning, everyone. EOG is focused on improving returns. Results from the first half of the year are already reflecting the power of EOG shift to our double premium investment standard.  Once again, we posted outstanding results in the second quarter. We delivered adjusted Earnings of a $1.73 per share and nearly 1.1 billion of free cash flow repeating the record level of free cash flow we generated last Quarter.  Our outstanding operational performance included another beat of the high end of our oil production guidance, while capital expenditures and total per-unit operating costs were below expectations.  We're delivering the exceptional well productivity that continues to improve. In addition, even though the industry is in an inflationary environment, EOG continues to demonstrate the Company's unique ability to sustainably lower costs. Our performance clearly proves the power of doubling our reinvestment hurdle rate.  Double premium requires investments to earn a minimum of 60% direct after-tax rate of return using flat commodity prices of $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. I'm confident our reinvestment hurdle is one of the most stringent in the industry and a powerful catalyst to drive future outperformance across key financial metrics, including a return on capital employed and free cash flow.  As double-premium improves our potential to generate free cash flow, we remain committed to using that cash to maximize shareholder value. The regular dividends, debt reduction, special dividends, opportunistic buybacks, and small high return bolt-on acquisitions are our priorities.  In the first half of this year, we reduced our long-term debt by 750 million and demonstrated our priority to returning cash, significant cash to shareholders with a commitment of 1.5 billion in regular and special dividends. We also closed on several low-cost, high potential bolt-on acquisitions, and the Delaware basin over the last 12 months.  Year-to-date, we have committed 2.3 billion to debt reduction in dividends, which is slightly more than a 2.1 billion of free cash flow we generated. Looking ahead to the second half of the year and beyond, our free cash flow priorities and framework have not changed.  As we generate additional free cash, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders in a meaningful way. We are focused on doing the right thing at the right time in order to maximize shareholder returns.  Over the last 4 years, we made huge progress, reducing our GHG and methane intensity rates, nearly eliminating routine flaring and increasing the use of recycled water in our operations. We're focused on continued progress towards reducing our GHG emissions in line with our targets and ambitions.  This quarter we announced the carbon capture and storage pilot project, which we believe will be our next step forward in the process of reaching our net 0 ambition. Ken will provide more color on this and other emission reduction projects in a few moments.  Driven by EOG's innovative culture, our goal is to be one of the lowest cost, highest return, and lowest emission producers, playing a significant role in the long-term future of energy. Now, here's Ezra to talk more about how our returns continue to improve.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Bill. While we announced our shift to the double premium investment standard at the start of this year the shift has been underway since 2016 when we first established our premium investments standard of 30% minimum direct after-tax rate of return using a conservative price deck of $40 Oil and $2.50 Natural gas for the life of the Well.  In the 3 years that followed, our premium drilling program drove 45% increase in earnings per share, a 40% increase in ROCE in an oil price environment, nearly 40% lower compared to the 3-year period prior to premium. This comparative financial performance can be reviewed on Slide 15 of our investor presentation.  In addition, premium enabled this remarkable step-change in our financial performance while reinvesting just 78% of our discretionary cash flow on average, resulting in $4.6 billion of cumulative free cash flow. The impact from doubling our investment hurdle rate from 30% to 60% using the same conservative premium price deck, is now positioning EOG for a similar step-change to our well productivity and costs, boosting returns, Capital efficiency, and cash flow.  Double Premium wells offer shallower production declines and significantly lower finding and development costs resulting in well payouts of approximately 6 months at current strip prices. The increase in capital efficiency resulting from reinvesting in these higher-return projects is increasing our potential to generate significant free cash flow.  This year, we're averaging less than $7 per barrel of oil equivalent finding cost. Adding these lower-cost reserves is continuing to drive down the cost basis of the company, and when combined with EOG's operating cost reductions, is driving higher full-cycle returns.  Looking back over the last 4 quarters, EOG has earned a 12% return on capital employed with oil averaging $52. We are well on our way to earning double-digit ROCE at less than $50 oil, and it begins with disciplined reinvestment, and higher return double premium drilling.  While EOG has 11,500 premium locations, approximately 5,700 are double premium wells located across each of our core assets. We're confident we can continue to grow our double premium inventory through organic exploration, improving well costs and well productivity, and small bolt-on acquisitions, just like we did with the premium over the last 5 years.  In the past 12 months, through 8 deals, we have added over 25,000 acres in the Delaware Basin through opportunistic bolt-on acquisitions at an approximate cost of $2500 per acre. These are low-cost opportunities within our core asset positions, which in some cases receive immediate benefit from our existing infrastructure.  Premium and now double premium established a new higher threshold for adding inventory. Exploration and bolt-on acquisitions are focused on improving the quality of the inventory by targeting returns in excess of the 60% after-tax rate of return hurdle.  EOG 's record for adding high-quality, low-cost inventory, predominantly through organic exploration, is why we do not need to pursue expensive large M&A deals. 2021 is turning into an outstanding year for EOG. Our exceptional well-level returns are translating into double-digit corporate returns. And our employees continue to position EOG for long-term shareholder value creation. Here's Billy with an update on our operational performance.
Billy Helms: Thanks Ezra. Our operating teams continue to deliver strong results. Once again, we exceeded our oil production target, producing slightly more than the high end of our guidance, driven by strong well results. In addition, capital came in below the low end of our guidance as a result of sustainable well cost reductions.  We have already exceeded our targeted 5% well cost reduction in the first half of 2021. We now expect that our average well cost will be more than 7% lower than last year. As a reminder, this is in addition to the 15% well cost savings achieved in 2020.  We continue to see operational improvements outpace the inflationary pressure in the service sector. Average drilling days are down 11%, and the [treated] (ph) lateral completed in a single day increased more than 15%.  We are utilizing our recently discussed super-zipper completions on about a third of our well packages this year, and I expect that percentage to increase next year. In addition, our sand costs are flat to slightly down year-to-date.  We have a line of sight to reduce the cost of sand sourcing and processing and expect to start realizing savings in the second half of 2021, and into 2022. Water re-use is another source of significant savings, and we continue to expand and re-use infrastructure throughout our development areas.  Finally, we have renegotiated several of the expiring higher-price contracts for drilling rigs, and expect to see additional savings the remainder of this year and next. We also used the strength of our balance sheet to take advantage of opportunities to reduce future costs in several areas.  As an example, last summer we pre-purchased the tubulars needed for our 2021 drilling program when process were at their lowest point. EOG is not immune to the inflationary pressures we're seeing across our industry.  But this forward-looking approach helps EOG mitigate anticipated cost increases. As a reminder, 65% of our well cost are locked in for the year and the remaining cost, we're actively working down through operational efficiencies.  As usual, we have begun to secure services and products ahead of next year's activity with a goal of keeping well cost at least flat in 2022. But as you can rest assured that with our talented and focused operational teams, our ultimate goal is to always push well cost down each year.  The same amount of effort is being placed on reducing our per-unit operating cost with the results showing up in reduced LOE, driven mainly by lower workover expense, reduced water handling expense, and lower maintenance expenses.  Savings are also being realized from our new technology being developed internally to optimize our artificial lift. We have several new tools that help us reduce the amount of gas-lift volumes required to produce wells without reducing the overall production rate.  These optimizing tools not only reduce costs, but also help reduce the amount of compression horsepower needed, which ultimately reduces our greenhouse gas footprint as well. These and other continual improvements are great testament to our pleased, but not satisfied, culture.  This quarter, we can also update you on our final ESG performance results from last year. We reduced our greenhouse gas intensity rate 8% in 2020, driven by sustainable reductions to our flaring intensity.  Operational performance in the first half of this year indicates promise for future further improvements to our emission's performance in 2021, putting us comfortably ahead of pace to meet our 2025 intensity targets for GHG and methane, and our goal to eliminate routine flaring.  Achieving these targets is the first step on a path towards our ambition of net-zero emissions by 2040. Water infrastructure investments also continue to pay off. Nearly all water used in our Powder River Basin operations last year was sourced from reuse.  For Company-wide operations in the U.S., water supplied by reused sources last year increased to 46%, reducing freshwater to less than 1/5 of the total water used. These achievements and along with the insight into ongoing efforts to improve future performance, will be detailed in our sustainability report to be published in October.  We're starting to fill in the pieces on the roadmap to get to net-zero by 2040. Here's Ken with the details.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. Earlier this year, we announced our net-zero ambition for our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by 2040. Our ambition is aggressive, but achievable and we expect it will be an iterative process requiring trial and error. This approach mirrors how we develop an oil and gas asset.  We pilot creative applications of existing and new technologies to determine the most effective solutions to optimize efficiencies by minimizing costs and maximizing recoveries of oil and natural gas. Here, we are aiming to maximize emissions reductions. We then apply the successful technologies and solutions across our operations where feasible.  Our net 0 strategy generally fall -- generally falls into three categories, reduce, capture, or offset. That is, we are focused on directly reducing emissions from our operations, capturing emissions from sources that can be concentrated for storage, and offsetting any remaining emissions.  Reducing emission's intensity from our operations is a direct and immediate path to reducing our carbon footprint. Our approach is to invest with returns in mind and seek achievable and scalable results.  We made excellent progress in the last four years through initiatives to upgrade equipment in the field, invest in pilots using existing and new technologies, and leverage our extensive big data platform to automate and redesign processes to improve emissions efficiencies.  As a result, since 2017, we have reduced our GHG intensity rate to 20%, our methane emissions percentage by 80%, and our flaring intensity rate by more than 50%. We recently obtained permits to expand the successful pilot of our closed-loop Gas Capture Project, which prevents flaring in the event of a downstream interruption.  We designed an automated system that redirects natural Gas back into our infrastructure system and inject the Gas temporarily back into existing Wells. The project requires a modest investment to capture a resource that would have otherwise been flared and stores it for further or for future production and beneficial use.  The result is a double-premium return investment that reduces flaring emissions. Our well-head gas capture rate was 99.6% in 2020 and rollout of additional closed-loop gas capture systems will hope capture more of the remaining 0.4%. Turning to our efforts to capture CO2, we're launching a project that will capture carbon emissions from our operations for long-term storage.  This project is designed to capture and store a concentrated source of EOG's direct CO2 emissions. We believe we can design solutions to generate returns from carbon capturing and storage by leveraging our competitive advantages in geology, facility design and field operations.  Our CCS efforts are directed at emissions from our operations, and we are not currently looking to expand those efforts into another line of business. We will provide updates on our pilot CCS Project as it progresses. EOG is also exploring other innovative solutions for GHG emissions reductions.  Over the past 18 months, we have deployed capital into several fuel substitution projects to power compressors used for natural gas pipeline operations and natural gas artificial lift. Compressors are the largest source of EOG 's stationary combustion emissions. By replacing NGL-rich field gas with lean residue gas.  EOG can reduce the carbon intensity of the fuel, which lowers CO2 emissions and improves engine efficiency. Using lean residue gas also earns a very favorable financial return by recovering the full value of the natural gas liquids versus using those components as fuel.  Another fuel substitution test we conducted recently was blending hydrogen with natural gas. While it is still in the early stages, we are analyzing the test data to evaluate the emissions reductions that would be possible from this blended fuel at an operational and economic scale.  We're very excited about this part of the business, just like cost reductions, well improvements, or exploration success. This is a bottom-up-driven initiative. EOG employees thrive on this type of challenge.  We create innovative solutions and applied technology to solve problems, improve processes, and optimize efficiencies while generating industry-leading returns. The EOG culture has embraced our 2040 net-zero ambition and we are focusing our efforts to minimize our carbon footprint as quickly as possible. Now, here's Bill to wrap up.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Ken. In conclusion, I'd like to note the following important takeaways. First, by doubling our reinvestment standard, the future potential of our earnings and cash flow performance are the best they've ever been.  Results from the first half of this year demonstrate the power of double-premium and the beginning of another step change and performance. Second, EOG is not satisfied. We're committed to getting better. Sustainable Cost reduction and improving well performance are driving returns and free cash flow potential to another level.  At the same time, the same innovative culture that is driving higher returns is also improving our environmental performance Third, our commitment to returning cash to shareholders has not changed. As we have already demonstrated, returning meaningful cash to shareholders remains a priority.  And finally, as Ezra transitions into the CEO role, I could not be more excited about the future of the Company. The quality of our assets, and the quality of this leadership team are the best in Company history, all supported by EOG 's talented employees, and unique culture that continues to fire on all cylinders.  The Company is incredibly strong and our ability to get stronger has never been better. The future of EOG is in great hands. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. Questions are limited to one questions and one follow-up question.  We will take as many questions as time permits. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, you obviously -- you highlighted some success on the small bolt-on deals here. And I guess just from my perspective, it seemed like those were very, very economic, just very cheap per acre costs at around 2500 per acre.  It is - a lot of it's just a function of the fact that these are very small deals and in captive to EOG existing acreage and infrastructure, which just gives you the natural ability to buy things without a lot of competition. And I just wanted to get a sense of how repeatable these type of bolt-ons can be for you guys going forward.
Bill Thomas: Yes, thanks, Leo. I'm going to ask Ezra to comment on that.
Ezra Yacob: Leo, you described that very well. These are smaller deals, as I highlighted. It's 25,000 acres across 8 different deals that we've captured and put together over the past 12 months. And these are low-cost opportunities in our core positions within the Delaware Basin.  And typically, these are things that are either contiguous with our pre-existing acreage position or very, very close to our acreage position. And so there's not a lot of outside competition. A lot of times, by all regards, we're the partner that makes sense to go ahead and get these deals because like I said, we have the surrounding wells information, seismic, and oftentimes some of these deals can go immediately right into our existing infrastructure. We highlighted the last 12 months but we wanted to give a sense of the type of scale and the impact that these low-cost opportunities can have when we're focused on them. And these deals are pretty continuous throughout all of our plays and throughout the year.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess I also wanted to ask about your comment around seeing a less than $7 per BOE F&D year-to-date. Clearly, you attributed some of the factors there where you talked about how your well costs are coming down as part of it, and also the move to double-premium. But maybe you can provide just a little bit more color, I mean, I guess that less than $7 seems like a very low number out there. Are there any other just key factors where maybe there's more of a mix shift to certain plays where perhaps your higher concentration of certain zones in the Delaware this year, and I know you guys are also drilling some gas wells in South Texas that might be helping, just any color around some of the key drivers for getting it to under 7?
Bill Thomas: Hi Leo, Billy Helms will comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yeah. Good morning, Leo. It's strictly a function of moving to our double premium strategy. We saw a similar change if you remember back when we shifted to premium a few years ago and we're seeing that same compounding effect as we shift to double premium. The quality of our wells improves.  And as you noted, we have a history of continuing to focus on lowering well cost and just our continued effort in those areas. So it's not really attributable to one basin or the other, it's just a function of the impact of shifting to double-premium across our portfolio.  And I might add, as we look to add wells to the inventory of double-premium wells, [they will all be] (ph) in that same category to compete on both returns and finding costs.
Leo Mariani: Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities, please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. My first question is really just around when you talked about shareholder return, obviously that seem to be the hot topic these days.  Billy, I'm glad you don't do this, but my thoughts about if you guys would ever -- there's been others out there that have guaranteed a type of return, or amount, or something like that you guys seemed to want to stay more flexible, but I would just love to hear more color on obviously, you guys have [Indiscernible] amount of free cash flow coming in, that's not the issue, I'm just wondering how you think about if you put any sort of guarantees on the type or amount going forward.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Neal. We've outlined a very clear framework and we've consistently delivered on our priorities. And so maybe the best way to think about the future is to look at what we've done in the past. And I want to ask Ezra to give more color on that.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal. In our investor presentation there on slide 5 & 6, I think we can reference that. This year we've been very successful executing on all of our cash flow priorities in the framework that we've laid out.  We've been able to increase the regular dividend by 10%, which we feel is our primary motive of capital return. Secondly, we're able to reduce our debt earlier this year by $750 million by retiring a bond.  And then third, we just paid a $600 million special dividend on July 30th of this year, which we had announced during the last earnings call. So our year-to-date free cash flow commitment is $2.3 billion, which is slightly more than the 2.1 billion we generated. And going forward, our framework and priorities have not changed.  Lastly, we also highlighted in the opening remarks, as we just spoke about a little bit with Leo, some of the small bolt-on acquisitions we've done, which is one of the avenues to growing our inventory, and that's really the -- where the entire process begins, is having the depth in quality of inventory to continually improve the business.  And with our shift to drilling these double-premium wells, the free cash flow potential, the Company continues to expand and as it does, and as we realize the cash, we're well-positioned to continue executing on our priorities.  We're committed to creating the most shareholder value and our cash return strategy is really a reflection of that. So, as the Company continues to improve, we're excited about that potential.
Neal Dingmann: Agree, guys. I really like the cash return strategy and then just one follow-up. Exploration, your opportunities is a really -- you guys continue to stick out there. You obviously continue to be the leaders. Mentioned a number of things that have you excited. Could you just remind us again, I think the last was it, I forget Bill, was it maybe 13 or 15?  Was it unique projects here in the U.S.? Could you tell us maybe or just talk about the upside potential you see for that business this year, going into 2022 for the exploration upside.
Bill Thomas: Neal I think what we've outlined is we've got about 15 exploration wells built into the CapEx this year in the U.S. So I am going to ask Ezra to give us some more color on that.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal. The exploration prospects are all moving forward. As we discussed on the last call, the prospect have all started to move at different phases, really as a result of some of the slow down during COVID and during 2020.  As Bill just mentioned, we're planning on drilling 15 wells outside of the publicly discussed assets. Some of these, in some of the prospects, our initial exploration wells. Some of them are more what we'd call appraisal wells, evaluating the repeatability of these plays.  We're still leasing across many of the plays as well. And as we've discussed, the opportunities are really targeting a higher quality rock and what's typically been drilled horizontally That's an outgrowth of a lot of technical work we've done across multiple basins to combine modern drilling and completions technologies, and apply those to reservoirs that have been traditionally overlooked.  And really, we're very happy with our progress to date and we look forward to sharing additional information at an appropriate time.
Neal Dingmann: Great details. Thank you, all.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you, guys. I think this is the first time I've had a chance to see Bill. Congratulations on your retirement. And Ezra, excited to see what you -- how you move forward with the business. But I wonder, Bill if I could ask you just to maybe a little bit of a retrospective here as you walk out the door, so to speak. There has been a lot of changes in the business model, growth transitioning to free cash flow, and so on. So I'm just wondering if you can offer any thoughts as to how this business should look going forward, both at the sector level and that EOG level. As you look back on your tenure and the changes that have taken place [Indiscernible].
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Doug. Well, thank you very much. And you're right. I mean, the business has evolved over the last year since the shale business really started. And it's obviously it's moving in an incredibly great positive direction right now that the focus on returns, that we've always been I think a leader in focus on returns and we're super excited about that.  The capital discipline, spending well below cash flow and generating high returns, and giving a significant amount of cash back to shareholders, I think is certainly all very positive. And so I think really we're entering a super new era.  And I think it's more positive than it's ever been before. I think we, as an industry, are going to generate better returns and going to give more back to the shareholders. And I think we're in a more positive macro-environment than we've been in since really the shale business started. I think OPEC + is solid. I think the U.S. will remain disciplined. And so I think the industry is in for a long run of really good results.
Doug Leggate: We've been bumping heads with you over the years, Bill, so congratulations again, and good luck. Ezra, my follow-up is maybe for you. EOG has obviously been an organic story for many, many years and you've touched on exploration again today, but Yates was one of the, I guess, the step-out acquisitions that you did and if you look at your portfolio position today. There's clearly a large asset potentially for sale right in your backyard and a very high-quality acreage position you could argue, why would M&A not be a feature of the business at some point, and maybe I go so far as to say would you rule yourself out of being interested in that shell package. Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. No, we're not evaluating any large acquisition packages at this time. We're focused on these small high-return bolt-on acquisitions. And as discussed in opening remarks, the larger expense of M&A deals, the opportunity struggled to compete with the existing return profile that we have within the Company due to either high PDP costs, the high acreage costs, or both.  Oftentimes the acreage being marketed might be additive to the quantity of our inventory, but not additive to the quality. And as we've discussed we're always working to improve the quality of our assets.  We're having great success with the small bolt-on acquisitions. We're feeling very confident with our ability to increase the quality of our deep inventory through our organic exploration program. And so we're excited about our prospects there.
Doug Leggate: Very clear. Thanks, Ezra.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: All right. Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. Two questions, please. First one, maybe that's -- Bill you can help us to frame it to understand that decision than maybe better.  If we look at last Quarter when you announced the specialty that they're making you set a number of key conditions and that's all being met such as in January, substantial free cash flow, you don't have much of the debt maturity in the near-term, and your cash is already in excess of what you think is a reasonable level which is to finite.  If we look in this Quarter, basically all those conditions are still being met. But do you decide not to pay the special dividend? So, we're just trying to understand that what is the additional consideration in that decision.  And also, if you can talk about between buyback and special dividend at this point of the cycle, which is more peak variable for you or how you look at the differences? So, that's the first question.  The second question, yes, relate to, I think that you guys question many of the basins, you are not interested in large-scale M&A which is understandable. But it makes sense, however, that to work with some of your peers to pull together the asset to form a really large joint venture.  So everyone still has their own equity ownership. You don't pay any premium, but you will be able to allow to use your technical know-how to apply to even a larger scale asset and drive even better efficiency gains. Do you think that it makes sense for EOG for that kind of structure? Thank you.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah, Paul. On the first question, I think it's super important and I think we've already shared this. Our -- we've got a very clear framework and we've consistently delivered, as you pointed out on that framework, and significantly given a lot of money back to shareholders.  And going forward, our framework and priorities are not changed at all. So, as we generate additional free cash flow, we're committed to returning cash to shareholders in a very meaningful way.  It's really all about doing the right thing at the right time. As the Company continues to improve, we're excited about our potential to increase total shareholder return. And in the framework, we do have the option for opportunistic buybacks as long as -- along with special dividends, and so we look at opportunistic buybacks as
Bill Thomas: being able to have the opportunity to consider buying back shares and counter-cyclic environments where the market is not well and our sought process is significantly undervalued. Well, that would be an opportunity to consider buybacks.  In good times we think the special dividend is the way to go and that's what we're executing on now, and that's what we're hoping to continue to execute in the future. On the second part of your question, on the large-scale M&A, I'm going to ask Billy to think through that question and give his ceiling from that. Thanks, Bill. On the large-scale M&A, as Ezra just talked about a minute ago, certainly we're not interested in adding quantity to our inventory, but it's more about the quality of the assets we have. And as we think about forming maybe a potential larger JV, that same approach needs to apply.  As we look across the fence, if our assets are in, what we consider the core acreage position in the play, adding in acreage outside of that ring-fence would dilute our efforts. We've also taken, as you know -- taken a lot of efforts to build out infrastructure to make our -- to lower our unit cost and continue to improve our returns, and we build out that infrastructure to meet the volume expectations that we have for developing our acreage.  That may or may not apply as you add in additional acreage outside of that. I think each Operator looks at how to make the most efficient use of the acreage and their capital as they can, and forming JVs doesn't necessarily improve overall Company metrics.  So I think while we've looked at bolt-on as a way to shore up a lot of our core area acreage, I think that is a very applicable part of maybe thinking about JV expansions. Continuing to come up in your base areas where it adds the same quality, doesn't dilute your quality of the assets, but just expanding in a basin may or may not do that.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. Tim, maybe starting with you. I just wanted to get maybe some of the order of operations around a potential incremental cash return beyond the dividend. Last quarter, you mentioned that EOG likes to keep a $2 billion minimum cash balance plus fund, the $1.25 billion bond maturity. So that suggests that you'd like to get to 3.25 billion of cash and anything beyond that is available for cash return beyond the dividend?
Tim Driggers: Certainly, you can do that math, but it's more than that with us. As Ezra and Bill talked about further, we have to look at all of our priorities and the timing of those priorities to determine when and if there is another special dividend, or share repurchases, or bolt-on acquisitions. All those things are in play at all times.  And the 2 billion is not the end of the month number, it's during the cycles, so cash can vary tremendously during a month. The 2 billion is the low point during the month, it's not necessarily the end of a month. So you have to keep that in mind as well but yes, you can do that math. But that's not all there is to it.  We have to look at all of our priorities and where we're at in the cycle. And as it has been pointed out on Slide 6, we've already distributed more cash than we brought in, in the first half of the year. So we're well on our way to achieving that. As we move through the second half of the year, we'll look at what other cash is generated and we'll evaluate how to use that cash at that time.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And maybe just a follow-up to Paul's question. Could you give us maybe some feedback you've gotten from some of the shareholders on the special dividend and your thoughts on the pros and cons of moving to a formulaic type of approach around cash return and even especially in terms of buyback?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Arun. This is Bill. We've gotten enormously positive responses from every shareholder on the special dividend and that was a super hit. And they like our framework, when you really think through it, it's not really a complicated framework.  It's a framework where we want to be in a position to maximize total shareholder returns. And as I've said, be able to do the right thing at the right time. If you look at the history of what we've been doing really over the last several years, we've increased the regular dividend by 146%, and now we're working on special dividends.  As we go forward, it is certainly our goal to continue to return meaningful cash back to the shareholders through the process. So, really, it's a pretty straightforward process if you think through it and the framework is pretty simple. And it's just a matter of giving us the ability to have the options to do the right thing to maximize total shareholder return.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Bill, thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Scialla, with Stifel, please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Hey, good morning, everybody and Bill, I'd like to offer my congratulations on a great career as well. I know it's too early to give details on 2022, but want to see if you could speak to at least at a high level given your outlook for flat to lower well costs next year. If you still see barrels held off the market by OPEC +, would you just look to hold production flattish, and could you do that with equal to lower capital than you spent this year.
Bill Thomas: Well, thank you very much again we appreciate your comments. It's a team effort in EOG. I'd tell you what, we've got a lot of great employees and a super management team. It's a team effort and it's been an honor to be able to work with everybody.  About 2022, it's really too early to talk about growth. We need to watch the pace of demand and recovery on the spare capacity drawn down. So we don't want to really speculate on anything specific for 2022, but I want to ask Ezra to make some additional color on that.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Michael. As Bill said, it's pretty early on 2022. It's still pretty early to discuss any type of growth. EOG is -- we're committed. We're not going to grow until the market clearly needs the barrels, and we've outlined what we're looking for. We're committed to staying disciplined.  And currently, we want to see demand return to pre-COVID levels, low spare capacity, and we want to see inventory data below the five-year average. Every year, market factors are going to determine the plan for that year.  And we're going to remain flexible and modify our plans to fit the market conditions. That be said, we have made great progress this year on our total well cost reduction. And going forward, that's strengthening the underlying capital efficiency of the Company and continuing to lower the cost base of the Company.  And so as we move forward, regardless of any type of growth rates, we've set the Company up with this double-premium investment plan to continue to expand the free cash flow generation potential of EOG.
Michael Scialla: Okay. And I guess, really just my question there was, if you were to hold the production flat, it looks like the capital required to do that is not going up, at least over the next 12 to 18 months as you see the world now, is that fair to say?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Mike. That's certainly fair to say. I mean, we're reducing costs all the time and improving well productivity. So, we're hopeful that our maintenance costs in the future will be lower than it is today. And that's certainly directionally what we've done in the past, and that's hopefully what we're going to do in the future.
Michael Scialla: Okay, great. And then I just want to follow up with Ken on a -- you mentioned the CCS pilot you have there. Is there any more detail you can offer Ken in terms of -- it sounds like it's EOG specific, at least at this point?  Can you talk about what the source of emissions are? Where you're focused within your footprint. And are you looking at storing CO2 in depleted fields or tilling out partners just any more detail you can give us there?
Ken Boedeker: Sure. Thanks for that question. At this point in time, we really don't anticipate any partners on our pilot project, but with our geologic and operational expertise, we'll evaluate partnering on future projects on a case-by-case basis.  This project is really part of our broader strategy of reduced capture and offset. And it's focused on capturing our CO2 emissions in an area where we can generate a return via some tax incentives, and have a concentrated stream of CO2 that can be aggregated to an injection well for permanent and secured geologic storage, in an interval of thousands of feet below the surface. And that's pretty much what we're giving out at this time.
Michael Scialla: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from [Indiscernible] Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst 2: Good morning. To put you on the spot a little bit. You highlighted the various well cost categories, tubular sticks out as being both significant and also exposed to inflation. You tackled the problem last year with pre-purchasing. Can you throw out some ideas that the organization has come up with to attack that cost category?
Ezra Yacob: Billy, do you want to comment on that?
Billy Helms: Yeah, good morning, Bob. Obviously, yes, steel costs are going up, which is affecting tubular costs. This last year, we were very fortunate to take advantage of pre-purchasing the tubular we needed for this year's program and benefited greatly from that.  As costs go up in the future, we use the same approach and try to take an opportunistic look at when to secure tubular for the next coming drilling program. And so, we'll continue to look at that. Undoubtedly, it's likely that the costs for tubular will be higher next year than they are this year, which is why in that slide number 10, we tried to give you some color.  On other ways, we're trying to keep our well cost flat to down going into next year and those come from the efficiencies we're seeing across the operation from drilling times to the implementation of our Super-Zippers technology on the completion side to newer contracts at lower rates for some of the services we have. So it's a mixture of things we use to offset those inflationary pressures that we see in the different parts of our business.
Unidentified Analyst 2: Okay, that's clear. And just as a quick follow-up, could you contrast Super-Zippers the way you think about them versus say, a traditional zipper frac that we might think of where even a dual frac?
Billy Helms: Sure. So our Super-Zipper technique is very similar to what the industry calls [Indiscernible]. The differences would be in how we actually implement it on a well-to-well basis. We keep very close control over the injection rates and pressures of individual wells within the Super-Zipper operation.  So it's a very scripted and very detailed procedure that allows us to control the rates and pressures, just like we're doing a conventional frac with any other fleet. But the advantage is of course being able to double the amount of stages you get in a particular day by attacking the locations two at a time.  And we really are advancing that technology quite a bit. Last year, we probably did less than 10% of our wells, across the Company benefited from Super-Zipper, this year, it's probably directionally closer to a third of the wells. And we expect that percentage to increase going into next year. We think it's going to give us tremendous cost advantages next year as we go into the program.
Unidentified Analyst 2: Great, thanks for that.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. And Bill again. I also want to give you congratulations on your tenure. Obviously, you all navigated a lot of ups and downs over the past few years fairly successfully. So congrats for that.  I just have one question, and you all seem to be doing better than expected. I mean, certainly, it seems like production, especially oil production on the upper end of your range. And can you just give us some general thoughts, I know you're not in a position where you're going to talk to 2022 and how you think about growth?  If you are running a little bit ahead based on the outperformance of your wells, would you think about tapering as you get into 2022 a little bit just to maintain the flattish kind of production you all expected this year?
Ezra Yacob: Yeah, Scott, again, thank you so much for your comments. I'm going to ask Billy to comment on the remainder of this year and particularly the Fourth Quarter.
Billy Helms: Yeah. Good morning, Scott. So, certainly, we're very pleased with the progress we've made on both reducing our well cost and the performance we're seeing from the wells we are bringing to production this year.  It's a testament to the strategy of shifting to the double-premium standard again. So, as you go into the rest of the year, we started out the year with a little bit higher activity level, we had a little bit higher rig count start of the year and this tapered off and we're running at a pretty consistent rate now and expect that to continue through the end of the year.  And then next year as Bill elaborated, it's hard to anticipate what we'll need this year, but I think the performance that we're seeing this year will continue into next year, certainly. And the pace of activity will be dictated by what we see in the market conditions. So that's the color I could give you. But our performance will continue to at least stay flat or improve.
Scott Hanold: Understood. Thank you for that.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs and Company.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. And congratulations, Ezra. Congratulations, Bill. Bill, last Quarter, you talked a little bit about the analytics that you are building around monitoring the oil macro. I would love your latest real-time thoughts, a lot of moving pieces here. OPEC, demand uncertainty, barrels, U.S. supply, how are each of these parameters evolving here as you guys are evaluating them?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Neil, as we've all seen, where definitely demand is on a strong recovery, it's a bit lumpy, obviously due to the virus resurgent in a few areas, but we expect -- even with that, we expect pre-COVID demand to be reached by early '22. Inventories are already below the 5-year average, really in the U.S. and in the world.  So that has already been checked. And on the supply side, as I said before, we believe that the U.S. will stay disciplined and that there'll be small growth in the U.S. next year, but not much growth.  And we've seen OPEC +, they look to be very solid. So they will continue to bring back on their shut-in volumes since fair capacity as needed gradually. If the recovery continues, like we expect, we see the spare capacity to be very low by the Second Quarter or by the middle of next year. We'll just have to watch and see how it goes but overall, we see a very positive macro-environment.
Neil Mehta: The follow-up is just, as you think about the U.S. production profile, maybe you can get a little bit more granular in terms of how you're thinking about those volumes. But the question we continue to get asked is, where are we in terms of resource maturity?  Has the best of efficiencies been driven out of the shales? And maybe you talk about the Permian, the Eagle Ford, and the Bakken. What are you seeing in each of those plays? Where are we in terms of efficiencies? And then is the slowdown in U.S. production being driven by resource maturity or is it really being driven by capital discipline?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. We see we run the numbers on all the different groups from the privates to the publics to the majors, and in general, particularly in the private, we see definitely well productivity is going down, not up.  So, it takes a lot more wells for that group to maintain production or even think about growing it. And overall, in the other groups, not specifically EOG, but we generally see well productive -- well production to be flat to not improving over time.  And then -- so I think that is a function of resource maturity. I think when you get in down-spacing, and spacing, and in timing and all that, I think it's going to subdue that the productivity.  And so literally, in the biggest factor, of course, is in the capital discipline where you're spending tremendous amount of less cash flow than we've been spending in the previous year. So when you put all that together, we did not see and we think that discipline will remain with a route. We not -- we did not see the U.S. growing significantly next year. So that's a very positive, I think, for shareholders and positive for the macro.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Thomas for any closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: In closing, I'd like to say thank you to all the EOG employees who continue to make EOG so successful. It's truly a privilege and an honor to be on the same team with each one of you. As Ezra transitions into the CEO role and Billy steps up to President and Chief Operating Officer, along with the rest of the senior management team, I could not be more excited about the future of the Company.  So to all shareholders and future shareholders, we want to tell you thanks for listening and certainly thank you very much for your support.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources First Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a remainder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2021 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release, and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions, as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call, or in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ezra Yacob, President; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. Here is Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. EOG is delivering on our free cash flow priorities and our strategy to maximize long-term shareholder value. Yesterday, we declared a $1 per share special dividend to demonstrate our commitment to returning cash to shareholders. Combined with the regular dividend, we expect to return $1.5 billion to our shareholders through dividends in 2021. Double-premium well productivity and cost reductions are substantially improving our returns and increasing our ability to generate significant free cash flow. In order to maximize long-term shareholder value, we will remain flexible as we carry out our free cash flow priorities in the future. By doubling our reinvestment standard, the future potential of our earnings and cash flow performance are the best they've ever been. This quarter, we generated a quarterly record $1.1 billion of free cash flow and earned $1.62 per share of adjusted net income, the second highest quarterly earnings in company history. In addition, our balance sheet is in superior site with a peer leading low net debt to cap ratio. Next, Ezra will review our capital allocation strategy in more detail. Billy will go over our operational performance, and Tim will cover our financial performance before I make a few closing remarks. And here is Ezra.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Bill. Yesterday, dividend announcement is just the latest in a long line of achievements that demonstrate the value of EOG's fundamental strategy of returns-driven capital allocation, including the impact of permanently raising our investment return hurdle rate for the second time in five years. In 2016, during the last downturn, we established our premium investment strategy, which requires a 30% direct after-tax rate of return at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. The premium investment strategy drove a step-change in our capital efficiency and resulting financial performance. It is the reason we entered 2020 in a position of operational and financial strength, which enabled us to generate positive adjusted net income and free cash flow in a year of unprecedented oil volatility and prices that averaged just $39. This year, we increased the return hurdle once again, doubling it to 60% at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Sustainable improvements in our inventory of drilling locations and continued progress in exploration have paved the transition to double-premium. The data driving our confidence to make this move is illustrated on Slide 6 of our investor presentation, which details the return profile of every drilling location. Half our current inventory earns at least two times the premium return hurdle rate we established back in 2016. 5,700 double-premium locations is more than 10 years' worth of inventory at our current pace of drilling and is more than we had when we made the transition of Premium five years ago. Just like we did with our Premium inventory, we are confident we can replace our double-premium locations faster than we drill them through line of sight into additional cost reductions that will increase the returns of existing inventory and through exploration. A number of innovations. which Billy will discuss in a moment, are being piloted across our operating areas, and will sustainably drive down both well costs and operating costs as we implement them throughout the company. Our exploration program is focused exclusively on prospects that will improve on that 60% median return. In fact, our anticipated return on the current slate of new exploration plays is more than 80%. To see the impact of our premium returns focused capital allocation strategy, a closer look at our corporate financial performance is required. As we replace our production base by drilling locations with higher well-level returns, the price required to earn 10% return on capital employed continues to fall. Prior to establishing Premium, EOG required oil prices upwards of $80 to earn a 10% ROCE. As the Premium strategy matured, the oil price needed to earn 10% ROCE came down and averaged just $58 the last four years. This trend is illustrated on Slide 9 of our investor presentation. For 2021 that price is just $50 and we're not stopping there. We expect it will continue to fall as our well-level returns improve. The impact of reinvesting at higher returns is also showing up in our free cash flow performance. We more than doubled the dividend over the last four years and improved our balance sheet, reducing net debt by nearly $3 billion. As a result, net debt to total capital at the end of last year was just 11%, but our future financial performance potential is the real prize. Our first quarter results are a preview of what we are aiming for. Over the coming years, we expect reinvesting in our current inventory of high-return wells will continue to lower the corporate decline rate and compound the value of our low-cost operating structure. The result leads to higher margins and generates even more free cash flow, providing us tremendous opportunity to create long-term shareholder value. We believe when we look back in a few years, it will be viewed as the catalyst for another step change improvement in EOG's financial performance. Our fundamental strategy of returns-driven capital allocation remains consistent, and consistency is key prioritizing reinvestment and high-return projects is the driver behind the steady improvements we've made year after year. As a result, we are now in a position to follow through on our commitment to return additional free cash flow to shareholders. Looking ahead, you can expect our priorities to remain consistent, investing in high returns, generating significant free cash flow to support a sustainable and growing dividend while maintaining a strong balance sheet followed by opportunistic return of additional free cash flow to investors and bolt-on acquisitions. Now here is Billy.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Ezra. The first quarter of the year was about execution. We exceeded our oil target producing more than the high end of our guidance range because wells that were offline due to the winter storm, Uri, recovered a bit faster than expected. As a result, our first quarter daily production declined just 3% compared to the fourth quarter last year. Our capital for the quarter came in under our forecasted target by 6%, mainly due to improvements in well cost across the company. The savings realized during the first quarter are in addition to the tremendous 15% reduction last year. EOG is on track to reduce well cost another 5% this year, despite some potential inflationary pressure as the industry activity resumes. Similar to previous quarters, these results are driven through innovation and efficiency gains in each phase of our operation. A closer look at our operations will help explain why we are confident, we can once again lower well cost. Our drilling teams are consistently achieving targeted depths faster with lower cost. The constant focus on daily performance and reliability of the tools and technical procedures is creating this continual drive towards lower cost. Some of the benefits this year stemmed from larger groups of wells per pad simply requiring less rig move cost per well and increasing efficiencies locked offline cementing. The larger well pads also complement our completion operations through the increased ability to utilize the technique we call Super zipper. We began our initial experiments with this technique back in 2019, and it has since advanced to consistently deliver the expected well results at lower cost. We have also learned that super zipper is particularly well suited to optimize the efficiencies of our five electric frac fleets. However, conventional spreads gain efficiencies as well. This practice involves using a single spread of pressure pumping equipment to complete four more wells on a single pad. We split the equipment's capacity in half simultaneously pumping on two wells, while conducting wireline operations on the remaining wells. We piloted and perfected a super zipper logistics in our Eagle Ford play and the collaboration between operating areas has accelerated its adoption throughout the company. And in cases where a minimum of four wells cannot be physically be located on a single pad, the engineering teams are working to develop new techniques where we can still utilize this improved completion practice. Completion costs are also benefiting from reduced sand and water costs through our integrated self-sourcing efforts. The savings we realized by installing water reused pipelines and facilities saves about 7% of well cost compared to third-party sourcing and disposal. Longer-term, we expect water reuse and disposal infrastructure will continue to lower lease operating expense in each area as well. Lease operating expenses also benefited from lessons learned through the pandemic this last year. The number of wells one lease operator can maintain has increased by as much as 80% by optimizing the use of innovative software designed and built by EOG. The software prioritizes lease operator activity throughout the day using our mobile and real-time software infrastructure. Our experienced last year inspired a number of new ideas to further high grade at least operators work activity throughout the day, which we believe may continue to expand productivity in day-to-day field operations. Slide 35 of our investor presentation illustrates the consistent progress we have made year-after-year on productivity all powered by innovative ideas, generated bottom up by employees. Each of our operating - active operating areas functions as an individual incubator to test out new ideas, many of which have our homegrown innovation from EOG employees and rollout companywide, if successful. That's one of the primary reasons, our well cost improvements every year are never won silver bullet, but a list of small to medium-sized individual improvements across all elements of total well costs that results in sustainable cost reduction. As a result of the innovation spreading throughout the company to reduce capital and operating cost, I have strong confidence that the cost structure and capital efficiency of the company will continue to improve. Here's Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Billy. Yesterday's special dividend announcement marks another milestone in the growth of EOG's profitability and cash flow. We achieved this milestone through the disciplined execution of consistent long-term return focused strategy for capital allocation supported by a strong balance sheet. Over time, the strategy has produced increasing amounts of free cash flow. The top priorities for the allocation of that free cash flow remain sustainable dividend growth and debt reduction. The shift to Premium in 2016, drove a significant improvement in returns, profit margins, and cost enabling the significant increase in the dividend over the last four years. Since 2017, the dividend has grown from $0.67 per share to $1.65 per share, now an annual commitment of almost $1 billion. Going forward, our goal is to continue growing the regular dividend. We have never cut or suspended the dividend and we remain committed to its sustainability. With the shift to double-premium we're now focused on making another step-change improvement, and the results of those efforts will guide future common dividend increases, and the potential for special dividends. Since the shift to Premium we have also retired bond maturities totaling about $2 billion, with plans to retire another $1.25 billion in 2023 when the bond matures. Net debt to total capitalization was 8% at the end of the first quarter. A strong balance sheet with low debt has been as the heart of EOG's strategy throughout our existence. It's not just conservatism is about creating a strategic advantage. Our superior balance sheet enables us to acquire high-return assets at marvelous cycle prices where the exploration acreage like the Eagle Ford or for the new players we're working on today bolt-on acquisitions are companies like the Yates acquisition five years ago. A strong balance sheet also gives us the financial strength to be a partner of choice in our operations, whether it is with marketing or export agreements, service providers or even other companies and other countries in locking - unlocking new plays. Strong balance sheet extends to ensuring ample liquidity, which we have also secured with no near-term debt maturities, $3.4 billion of cash on hand and a $2 billion unsecured line of credit. Now, EOG is positioned to address other free cash flow priorities by returning additional cash to shareholders. The $1 per share special dividend follows through on these consistent long-tailed priorities. At $600 million this special dividend is a meaningful amount, while also aligning with our other priorities. After paying the special dividend we will have $2.8 billion of cash on hand, a full $800 million above our minimum cash target. This is a healthy down payment on the $1.25 billion bond maturing in two years. Going forward, our free cash flow priorities remain unchanged. We will continue to monitor the cash position of the company, oil and gas prices and of course our own financial performance. As the excess cash becomes available in the future, we will evaluate further special dividends or at the right time opportunistic share repurchases or low-cost bolt-on property acquisitions. I think it goes without saying you should expect us to avoid expensive corporate M&A. You can count on EOG to continue following our consistent strategy to maximize long-term shareholder value. Now here's Bill to wrap up.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In conclusion, I would like to note the following important takeaways. First true to the EOG culture our employees have fully embraced doubling our investment hurdle rate. As we drill more double-premium wells, we expect our performance will continue to improve, our decline rate will flatten, our breakeven oil price will decline, our margins will expand and the potential for free cash flow will increase substantially. Second, while our new double-premium hurdle rate alone will drive significant improvement it represents just one source. We never quit coming up with new ways to increase productivity and lower costs. Innovative new ideas and improved technology are developing throughout the company at a rapid pace, and we will continue to result in even higher returns in the future. And finally our special dividend this quarter, we're demonstrating our commitment to generating significant free cash flow and using that free cash to improve total shareholder returns. We are more excited than ever about the future of EOG, and our ability to deliver and maximize long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Scott Gruber of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning.
Bill Thomas: Hello, Scott.
Scott Gruber: So, the most common question we received, I know you touched on it a bit in the prepared remarks which is the framework that you guys used to determine that the $1 special dividend was the right amount, now is the right time. Can you just elaborate on that a little bit more around the framework and the timing, obviously, folks are trying to get a sense of whether the special dividend can repeat in the future?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Scott. Certainly, we're demonstrating our commitment to our shareholders by returning significant amount of cash back to them. And the $1 per share, I think is a very significant number, and large enough to be very meaningful. And I'm going to ask Tim to kind of go through some of the numbers to give you a little bit of the background on the reason that we pick this number.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Bill. So, going back to our priorities over time, it's consistent within our priorities. If you look back to our regular dividend has increased to 146%, since 2017, that's one of our highest priorities. We reduced debt by $2.1 billion. So that set us up to be in a position to now return more cash to the shareholders. When we looked at our cash position, we were sitting with $3.4 billion of cash. So returning $600 million at this point in time, as Bill pointed out, is a significant amount, and it follows through on our long-held plan to return cash to the shareholders. So it simply following through on what we've been committed to for a long time.
Bill Thomas: I want to add, Scott. Going forward, our free cash flow priorities and framework haven't changed. And so, you have to put the special dividend in context with our total framework. And just a reminder, we've already said this, but our first priority is a sustainable dividend growth. We believe the regular dividend is absolutely best way to give cash back to shareholders, and we certainly are working on that and have worked, we got a great history of doing that. And then the next one is debt reduction and we've got a little work left to do that as Tim noted in his opening remarks. Our next options are the special dividend and certainly and favorable times what we have right now those are the things that we are doing. And then we'll also - we want to keep in mind the potential for opportunistic share repurchases in downturns, counter cyclic opportunities and share repurchases. And then after that, we also want to be able to consider high return bolt-on acquisitions, and these are acquisitions that go in our best operating areas obviously where we've got a lot of synergy, and a lot of ability to move quickly and drill wells. And some of them could be in our new exploration plays where we can capture a very high potential acreage at very low cost. And so, we'll just continue to evaluate all these options and work with this framework, and we'll evaluate the best use of cash on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We have a dynamic business environment, all the time. So it's important to have the flexibility to use the cash in a way that creates the most shareholder value.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then my follow-up relates to the growth strategy in 2022 and beyond. The oil markets have healed next year and you guys have been very explicit around the factors you're looking at, and you laid out the 8% to 10% growth case on your last call. But there seems to be some discussion around - now around the potential for a middle ground, if you will, maybe some growth case below that 8% to 10%. So I just wanted to hear your latest thoughts around 2022, if the oil markets have healed, and it's time to grow again. What is the right growth cadence? What factors are you looking at to determine that rate of growth if the markets have healed, is there a middle ground somewhere between 0% and 8% to 10%, or is it just if it's time to grow, we're going to grow at 8% to 10%?
Bill Thomas: Yes, thanks, Scott, for that question. We want to make sure we're really clear on that. And I think we have, we're not going to grow until demand is recovered to pre-COVID levels and which is it's on the way to do that. I think everybody can see that, and we want to make sure that obviously world inventories U.S. inventories are below the five-year average. And then we're looking for spare capacity to be certainly a lot lower than it is right now. And that just means, not a lot of oil shut into match supply and demand. And every year, the market factors that year going into that year will determine our plans. And so, we want to be flexible, and we want to be able to - and we will modify our growth plans to fit those market conditions. If we need to grow at a lower rate or no growth at all like we are doing this year, whatever that right growth plan is, whatever fits the market conditions that's what we want to do. Above all, everything else we are committed to staying very disciplined and not forcing oil into a market that's not ready.
Scott Gruber: Got it. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, I guess my first question is kind of to dovetail on the special dividend talk. Bill, this year you've guided to $3.4 billion in free cash flow, $1.5 billion for dividends, another $750 million for debt you've already paid down? So that leave a little bit more than $1.1 billion of free cash flow, and I know you're above your minimal cash target. So I guess the question is, how are you gauging the market for bolt-ons versus potentially if the oil price holds up here in terms of looking at more cash return this year?
Bill Thomas: Yes, thanks, Arun. We take the - we evaluate where we are every quarter. I can't give you any specific on anything, but we evaluate where we are every quarter, and we're constantly looking at bolt-on potential and evaluating that. So we want to make sure we leave room to fully consider that something that would make a very significant difference in the future of the company, upgrade our high-quality premium, double-premium inventory, we want to do that. So, we're very fortunate we've got a lot of cash and we've got a lot of – hopefully, we believe a lot of cash coming. So that's a lot of great opportunities for us to consider additional special dividends, bolt-on acquisitions, et cetera. And we keep in mind, as Tim talked about, we want to keep in mind our debt reduction targets in a year and then and excuse me, in 2023, and also be able to continue to think about growing our regular dividend. So we'll just keep all those in the proper framework and you just need to know that we're committed to doing the right thing at the right time for the shareholders to be able to maximize the total shareholder value.
Arun Jayaram: Great and my follow-up, Bill you cited this is being the company's best free cash flow quarter in history. But I wanted to see if you could provide a little bit more detail on how the unique pricing conditions for natural gas given winter storm, Uri some of your leverage to JKM. How that contributed to the free cash flow? How would you call that out? I know there are some incremental costs, but what was the puts and take on the gas price this quarter?
Bill Thomas: I'm going to ask Tim to give some details on that. But just before turning it over to Tim, everybody needs to know the special dividend had nothing to do with the storm in the natural gas process. Well Tim, you'll give some detail?
Tim Driggers: Sure. When you boil everything down the effects of Uri was about $40 million to cash flow, and net income in the quarter. Obviously, they're a big component in there, but that's the bottom line. It was very immaterial to our cash flow, our net income.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. First and foremost, I want to - I appreciate you're very direct commentary on your desire not to grow, and what the plan is. So hopefully that does clear the air a bit. What I'm wondering is strategically if we do stay in sort of the current environment, whether it's '22, or even beyond you all do build a lot of free cash flow. I mean we're talking what something around $3 billion even after your base dividend annually. Do you all see if there is a benefit into setting up a more predictable return to cash, cash return to shareholders, like some of your other peers did. Do you think there is a benefit to that predictability? Or would you rather see that more opportunistic?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Scott. We were always in a very dynamic business environment. So it's important, we believe to have the flexibility to use of cash in a way that creates the most shareholder value. We are - one of the reasons we don't - the biggest reason we don't want to get into a strict formula because we don't want to be put in the position to where we're growing oil say at 5% when the market clearly does not need more oil. So we want to be in a position to where we can do the right thing at the right time and to maximize the use of the cash in our plan to maximize shareholder value.
Scott Hanold: Thank you for that. And my next question, maybe this one's for Ezra. You all talked about shifting to double-premium that's generated significant increases to EURs, that Page 8 shows just a massive uptick. Did you all have any color on how much of that is organic versus mix shift? I would assume the shift to relatively more Permian has relative to say, Eagle Ford has buys that upward. But do you have a sense on how much is mix shift versus organic?
Ezra Yacob: Yes Scott, thanks for the question. This is Ezra. Yes, definitely in the Permian we have a higher percentage of those 5,700 double-premium locations are located in the Permian, but part of that is simply just because we have so many targets that are capture there in the Delaware Basin. What I would say is we have a fairly wide variety and fairly distributed variety of double-premium wells across our entire portfolio, including the Eagle Ford, the recently announced Austin Chalk, Dorado play, and the Powder River Basin as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I apologize. I was just taking off my headset. Bill or Ezra, I wonder if I could press on Scott's point. I'm afraid I'm not quite where Scott isn't thinking this draws a line under the growth story. So my question is real simple. You currently have one of the lowest free cash flow yields in the sector arguably a reflection of your share price, but my point is that everyone has got the capacity to spend more money. What happens to your 10% return at $50 oil, if the whole industry follows, you're leading goes back to a 10% growth rate?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. I want to make it really clear. We're not stuck on 10% growth rate, or 8% growth rate. We are totally focused on making sure we do the right thing at the right time. So we, the oil price does not guide how much we're going to grow. It's the market fundamentals. And so we're really focused on that we've laid out a - I think a strong set of fundamentals that we're focused on and we will adjust our plan each year, which means our growth plan each year to those market fundamentals, and maybe certainly and we - next year that we don't grow at all. We may grow at 4%, 5%. We'll just have to see what the market's fundamental show.
Doug Leggate: That's actually great answer, Bill. It's not seven stone is kind of what I was really trying to get to. My follow-up is Ezra very quickly. 10 years of inventory double-premium at the current pace, if you do choose to go back to growth one assumes that 10 years shrink some. So can you talk about the sustainability, and how that hold up plays into again - how you think about that activity level? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Doug. That's a good question. Similarly, as we've done over the past few years, we're consistently focused on getting better year-after-year. And so by driving down well costs through sustainable well cost reductions, some of which Billy spoke to in opening remarks, but also through applying technology and innovations to increase the well productivity gains, we're able to convert some of our existing inventory every year into that double-premium metric. In addition of that we have few other avenues. The first, which Bill has touched on is bolt-on acreage acquisition opportunities in areas of preexisting development, but then also our exploration effort. And as I talked about in the opening comments our exploration effort is really focused on, again making another step change to our current inventory. It's focused on adding low decline, high impact plays that really increase the overall return profile of the company. And again, regardless of any growth rate when you're reinvesting in higher return opportunities and adding lower-cost reserves to your company, you're really driving down the cost base to the company year-after-year and that's essentially what translates into our corporate financials and allows us to lower that price required for a double-digit ROCE every year.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Guys, my first question is around how you look at your reinvestment rate? I'm just wondering, number one, could you talk about at sort of current strip, how you see the reinvestment, and again let's assume another $5 or so higher, what would that do to that?
Bill Thomas: Yes. Neal. Thanks for the question. We're going to ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yes. Thanks, Neal. You know for the reinvestment rate, we're always looking at as Bill already mentioned earlier, what's the market look like and what is the need for all in. We're not - certainly not going to grow into a market that need the oil as he pointed out and just trying to make sure re-emphasize that point. And then in going forward each year, we will do the same thing, we always do. We kind of see where the market is, and what the prices are and what are opportunities are to develop our assets, and we balance that against the cash needs of the company. So, it's not really a straight formula, it's more about where the market is at that current time.
Neal Dingmann: I'm glad to hear that. I wish more others would say the same. And then just a follow-up. Could you talk about, I would call this question more on sort of your regional allocation process. I know Bill, you talked about sort of the new hurdles, the Premium locations, but I'm just wondering, how does that factor in when you've got some exciting, but not quite as developed areas like in the PRB. But I think it have a high potential, but if you just strictly looking at maybe what they produce immediately might not compete. So I'm just wondering how do you factor in some of those high-potential wells with this plan?
Billy Helms: Yes, Neal, this is Billy again. Let me take a stab at that. So as we look at all of our assets, that's the beauty of having a decentralized culture where we are focused on multiple plays across our portfolio. You have plays that are in different phases of their life cycle as you might think about it as you just said it like the Eagle Ford is a more mature play. It's had a growth for about 10 years. It's further down that maturity window than say that the Delaware Basin. And then the Powder River Basin is certainly in early maturing or early growth phase play. So each one of those we certainly go in with the idea of delineating the play first, putting in the infrastructure to drive down our cost over time, and then maximize returns. So each one of those have a different lifecycle that commands a different amount of investment and overall though, the company is able to maintain a very steady pace of activity and future value creation through that the way we operate the company.
Operator: The next question is from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: I am spending here. So everything that just based on your guidance, your CapEx is picking up on here in the second quarter. I just wondered what was sort of driving that, I wasn't sure what was time causing up?
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo, this is Billy. So the guidance on the CapEx, it's up a little bit in the second quarter relative to the first quarter is simply the timing of when wells are available to be completed. So we'll have a little bit more completion activity in the second quarter than we did in the first quarter. That's simply yes. I think in general will have about 50%, 52% of our CapEx spend in the first half. The remaining to be spent more ratably through the rest of the year and the volumes will be really pretty much keeping with that 440,000 barrels a day, per quarter average the rest of the year. So it's a - we will be maintaining 440,000 barrels a day each quarter going forward.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's helpful for sure. And just wanted to ask on the exploration plays. If I'm not wrong, I think you guys are certainly devoting more capital there particularly to the drill bit in 2021 here. I just wanted to confirm you guys kind of drilling out multiple plays at this point. I think you did a little bit of that in the last couple of years as well. And as a result maybe just can you kind of speak to high level, what your competences, and being able to prove some of these up in the next year?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo. This is Ezra. I appreciate the question. Yes, on our exploration plays, you're right, we're - we've allocated about $300 million to the exploration effort this year. Over the last few years, we've done a little bit of drilling, it was dominantly kind of leasing, putting some of the acreage together and then, of course, there was a pullback here in 2020 due to the reduction in capital allocation associated with the downturn in prices and COVID. But this year we are back to drilling multiple prospects. We're at a point where the prospects have started to move at different phases, I would say. We're drilling exploration wells across some of the prospects, across others we're into more of what I'd call appraisal wells, and we're feeling very confident with where we're at, the results that we're seeing, and we hope to be able to provide some results on that soon.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Maybe a question for Ezra, following up on exploration. You're in Oman now, and I believe we saw last month that you paid a nominal amount foreign interest in the Beehive oil prospects offshore Australia. So can you talk about what attracted you to Australia? And do you still have interest in other international plays?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Jeanine. That's a great question. This is Ezra. Yes, the opportunity there in Australia, as you mentioned, it's on the North West Shelf, obviously, everyone knows a very prolific hydrocarbon region. It's a shallow water opportunity that we've stepped into there, as you mentioned for a very low upfront cost. It's exposing us to a prospect that we think has the opportunity, the potential to be impactful to our company. It - we're forecasting it has the potential to really compete with our domestic returns, and what we have - the opportunity that we have here in Australia is really an outgrowth of our experience in Trinidad where for nearly 20 years, we've been operating in the shallow waters offshore of Trinidad, and really this is a geologic province, a type of play where the industry has really moved away from. And so we found ourselves as kind of a niche operator, and we've developed not only operational procedures but also some geologic techniques, where we think we can come into some of these shallow water prospects and make very, very good returns. The attractive thing about Australia again is not only does it fit into our experience level from the operations and technical perspective, but it has many off-take and oilfield service availability there. And of course the low cost of entry to an exciting amount of upside in the prospect.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Interesting, while we looking for - my second question, and I apologize, and for beating the horse again on the - but on the special dividend the first section in the market is simply that net cash returns are consistent of formulaic. You can't capitalize on evaluation, you don't get credit for it, et cetera. With that in mind, you mentioned that you evaluate the health in the business every quarter, probably more frequently than that, and specifically when it comes to the special dividend can you just clarify, is it really a matter of just holding $2 billion minimum operating cash plus $800 million to $1.25 billion for this 2022 maturity? And then everything else kind of get paid out in due time, and it kind of needs to be meaningful. I know you also mentioned a couple of times having optionality for high return bolt-ons is also one of the priorities. So if you have any kind of commentary and a comfortable placeholder for that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Bill Thomas: Jeanine, Tim's given I think some answers for some of those on there. Yes, we want to keep ample cash on the balance sheet to run the business and that's around $2 billion. And then we have set aside, are looking at plans to reducing the $1.25 billion bond in 2023. So that's all fits in, and that's part of our evaluation of how we use the cash and when we use the cash. But really the special dividend just fits into the framework that we've already laid out in our commitment to giving back cash to shareholder. So we will look at our cash position, look at a bolt-on potential opportunities. They can truly be any size from a very small, we've done in the past $20 million - $30 million deal, but they could certainly be bigger than that, too. So we'll take all that, and working into our framework and evaluate where the company is, and the outlook for the business, and our goal is to continue to return cash to shareholders through that framework.
Operator:
Q - Charles Meade:
Charles Meade: Yes, good morning Bill to you and your whole team there. I really just have one question, and it goes back to the some of your prepared comments Bill and more specifically share repurchases. Yes, I recognize that hasn't been your MO in the past, and they kind of have a bad reputation maybe because usually share repurchases wind up being pro-cyclical. In the way you talked about it you said for you, you would look at it in an opportunistic ways, the word I remember and you said in a downturn. And I guess my question is, it's easy to see a downturn in retrospect, right. Six months ago, you guys had a three handle on your stock. But it's hard to recognize when you're in it. So is there any guidepost that you can share about how you would recognize when you're in one of those downturns, so it's time to be opportunistic, or is it just one of the things, you know what, when you see it?
Bill Thomas: Yes Charles, I think you know, it goes right along with the supply-demand and market fundamentals analysis that we do. We can - we've gotten more sophisticated. We've got a very sophisticated model now developed through our information technology, and we're gaining a lot of confidence in it on being able to kind of be on top of the oil market and where it's headed and certainly the oil price that's the biggest indicator. But we, I think we'll be able to determine when is the right time, when is the opportunistic counter-cyclic time to maybe consider share about buybacks. And of course now we have a lot of cash on the balance sheet and we want to continue to watch that and keep that who will have an opportunity when we do have a downturn to have cash to do that, if that happens.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team and congrats on a good quarter here. The first question is Bill any updates on permitting on federal lands? And how that process has been to apply for new permits? And in general in your conversations with Washington does it seem like some of the risks around the federal lands exposure in the Delaware has diminished.
Billy Helms: Yes, Neal, this is Billy Helms. So on the permits, the federal permit, certainly we were very active in obtaining permits prior to administration change just to protect our activity levels as since this moratorium has been lifted, we are receiving a steady stream of permits. The permit stream is coming very well. We're receiving permits in all of our areas too. So I think the working relationships we've been able to maintain with the regulators is, and working through the process with them has benefited, if it is real well. So we're not really seeing any restrictions there. And I think the Biden administration clearly as said that activity, he wants to maintain activity on valid leases. So we're very comforted by the fact that we'll be able to continue then.
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is just on the macro. You guys talked a little bit about the tools that you have to evaluate direction of oil price and the way things are trending. Bit curious if you could unpack what you're seeing real-time? And how you're thinking about the commodity price moving from here for both for oil and for natural gas?
Billy Helms: Yes. Neil on oil and as we already talked about the fundamentals are definitely improving. It's been a little bouncy on the COVID recovery and oil demand, but we are seeing very, very steady improvements. I think we're up to maybe 95 million barrel a day. Demand right now we think maybe by the end of the year that we'll get to pre-COVID levels of somewhere around 100 million barrels a day. We'll just have to watch it and see. The inventories are dropping. And we think you know there'll be fairly consistent draws on inventory from here on out, especially during the summer pickup activity. And so that's all looking really good. And then the spare capacity you know is going fine. It's been extended in drawing out a little bit further than what it started out to be at the beginning of the year, but we believe again as demand picks up that's spare capacity will be put back online. I'm going to give you the data when everything is okay. We'll just have to watch and see it, but certainly everything is going in the right direction. And I think the market as oil prices have responded to that. I think it's that what we're saying, and seeing it's not different than what the consensus view is. On natural gas, we're mildly bullish. Inventories are low, and supply is less and demand is higher this year than the supply. So we're going to be entering the summer and particularly the fall of the year, and it was pretty low inventories. So depending obviously is always depends on the weather on gas. And so, we'll just have to see how all that turns out, but we're optimistic on gas also.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Scialla of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Yes, good morning, everybody. You highlighted for quite a long time, your ESG sustainability ambitions. Just wanted to see where you stand on the price on carbon, or carbon tax? And do you see any economic opportunities in the energy transition for EOG?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Michael I'm going to ask Ken Boedeker to talk on that. Just before he starts so - the carbon tax or issues like that we're going to leave those up to the legislatures and not come out with our opinions on that. We'll work with whatever transpires on that. So, Ken you want to talk about other opportunities?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, we really have no interest in lower - in our lower return business that this might lead to, but we've really made excellent progress in reducing our emissions over the last four years, and you can see that with our intensity rates coming down as indicated in the attached slides that we've got on the presentation there. We're focused on reducing our own emissions with projects that have competitive returns before we consider a second phase of applying technology such as carbon capture to reduce our emissions. And we do believe that we can use 1% to 2% of our capital budget every year to make a substantial progress towards our goals of no routine flaring by 2025, and it's been endorsed by the World Bank, and our ambition of Scope one and two net-zero by 2040.
Michael Scialla: Okay, thank you. And Bill, you mentioned some of the things you're doing to lower well cost, the larger pads and the Super-Zippers. Some of your competitors have talked about three-mile laterals in the Permian. I think you guys have done some two-mile plus laterals in the Eagle Ford, but do you see a trend toward three-mile laterals, particularly in the Permian or if not, what are the issues that would prevent that?
Bill Thomas: Yes, thanks, Michael. So on the three-mile laterals, you're right. We've done several, I'd say between 2.5 and three-mile laterals and multiple plays where it makes sense. And we do own probably more predominantly in the Eagle Ford, and then we've had some in the Bakken and also in the DJ. So, but there are unique circumstances that allow that to happen for us, and they're more driven by geology in that particular area, but also the access issues on the surface. I think just as a general rule, I'm not sure that it always makes sense to go through a three-mile lateral. I think you have to take into account the efficiencies have been able to complete that last mile of lateral economically compared to two-mile lateral those kinds of things and a lot of it does depend on the geology. And we spend a lot of detail time working through the geology and how to best approach every single well location we have. So there are some limitations on where you can do that effectively, and so it's not a broad-brush approach.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Lovaglio of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vincent Lovaglio: Thanks for having me on. I wanted to ask on the double-premium locations. You might have touched on it last quarter, but if there is anything unique to the geology across these plays that one's itself to higher productivity, but also the lower decline described in Slide 8? And if so, how that might affect your pursuit of new opportunities that are double-premium? Why you guys are differentiated in that pursuit, and also on the development of those opportunities?
Ezra Yacob: Yes Vin, this is Ezra Yacob. That's a great question. And yes, what we're highlighting there in the slide deck. It really comes down to what you touched on with the unique geology. These are the double-premium plays are usually in areas where we've really refined our target down to get - in our existing portfolio down to get rock quality that is higher, better permeability and really the big step change is, as we look forward into the exploration prospects as we've talked about before. We're looking for new plays that historically haven't really been drilled routinely with horizontals. We're looking for a higher quality of rocks that we can apply the horizontal drilling, and completions technology to, and really, it's the higher permeability, higher porosity that lends itself to the shallower declines. And we think that this is not only going to be a step change for our performance as a company going forward. But really potentially those are going to be the new reservoirs the industry eventually is looking at to apply horizontal drilling to in the future.
Vincent Lovaglio: Perfect. Thanks. And maybe second, any additional color that you can maybe give on unconventional EOR? Just where it stands in the Eagle Ford right now thoughts on flexibility across other plays? And then maybe how that could improve your environmental footprint going forward? Thanks.
Ken Boedeker: Yes, this is Ken. As far as EOR goes in the Eagle Ford right now we've high graded our EOR process, and we have some of our units that are in blow down and other units that were continuing to inject into. EOR is much more challenged in higher gas price environment with our double-premium return. So we are evaluating it for other areas based on that across the company.
Operator: The next question comes from Nitin Kumar of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Nitin Kumar: Hi, good morning, gentlemen and first of all congratulations. The market is definitely receiving the special dividend very well. My question is perhaps a little different from some of the other ones that have been asked. Over time, I was looking at Slide 9 you've migrated to this double-premium strategy. With the macro environment is favorable as it is, what happens to the single premium or the lower half of your core inventory here? Ezra mentioned exploration pace is going to have returns as high as 80%. So just wondering, is there an opportunity to with A&D market opening to monetize some of those, or how should we think about that part of your inventory?
Bill Thomas: That's excellent question and we appreciate it, and I appreciate your compliments. Yes, we are always evaluating property sales, and I'm going to ask Ken Boedeker to comment on that in general for the company.
Ken Boedeker: Sure, thanks, Bill. We're always high grading our portfolio and divesting of those properties with minimal double-premium potential remaining. And we've actually sold about $7 billion in assets over the last 10 years, and we will continue to high grade our assets as we see the market giving them fair value.
Bill Thomas: And certainly you know in the last few years, it hasn't been a seller's market, but it is - it will turn as people get short of inventory and we think that the premium, the single premium assets that we have you know, even those are probably some of the best inventory in the industry. So those, certainly have a lot of value.
Nitin Kumar: Okay. And they don't - with $60 oil and cost where they are today, they don't compete for capital within your program?
Bill Thomas: Yes, that's correct. 30% rate of return at 40% doesn't compete in our program right now. It needs to be 60% rate of return at 40% flat. It's a definitely a huge shift in our returns. And that's what we've been talking about for the last several quarters in our script and in our slides detail a lot of really good information. But certainly, the shift to double-premium is, we believe by far the highest reinvestment standard in the industry, and it is a clear separator for EOG, and it will drive exceptional performance for the company going forward.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Thomas for any closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: In closing, our excellent first quarter results are a testament to EOG's ability to generate significant shareholder value. We're proud of all of EOG employees and their outstanding contributions to continuously improve the company. Our excitement about EOG's ability to improve returns and increase value has never been greater. So, thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the EOG Resources fourth-quarter and full-year 2020 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Tim Driggers, chief financial officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth-quarter and full-year 2020 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions, as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call or in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are; Bill Thomas, chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, chief operating officer; Ezra Yacob, president; Ken Boedeker, EVP, exploration and production; Lance Terveen, senior VP marketing; and David Streit, VP, investor and public relations. Here's Bill Thomas
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Last year was historic, and we were tested like never before. In a challenging environment, I am proud to say our EOG employees who personify our unique culture responded exceptionally without a beat. I'd like to thank our employees for delivering such outstanding performance. We generated $1.6 billion of free cash flow, earned adjusted net income of $850 million and ended the year with $3.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet. We increased our sustainable dividend rate by 30% and shored up what was already an industry-leading balance sheet to a low 11% net debt-to-cap ratio. We lowered our finding and development cost, improved our capital efficiency and earned a direct after-tax rate of return of more than 50%, with an all-in after-tax rate of return of 25% based on our premium price deck of $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Such extraordinary results in a $39 oil price environment were made possible by our shift five years ago to our premium strategy, which established an investment hurdle rate of 30% direct after-tax rate of return using flat $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas prices. Using such a stringent hurdle rate shields the company from cyclic oil and gas prices. 2020 was a true test of that shield, and that is a testament to the power of our premium strategy. Beyond delivering stellar financial results last year, we continued to invest in long-term value of the company. Through our low-cost organic efforts, we added 1,500 net premium locations to our inventory, including 1,250 from the newest addition to our portfolio, Dorado, a South Texas natural gas play with 21 Tcf of net resource potential at a breakeven price of less than $1.25 per Mcf. We believe Dorado is one of the lowest cost and lowest emissions natural gas fields in the U.S. and expands EOG's portfolio of assets that we believe will play a significant role in the long-term global energy solution. We also completed two pilots of infield technology to reduce emissions, a hybrid solar and natural gas-powered compressor station that reduces combustion emissions and a closed-loop gas capture system to reduce force flaring as a result of downstream market interruptions. Reducing flaring is an industrywide priority, and we plan to publish our closed-loop gas capture technology for others to replicate. We entered the next phase of the cycle a much improved company. With the countless, creative and innovative ideas we implemented in 2020, we're in the process of making significant improvements to EOG's future performance. Looking forward, the following six steps summarize the foundation for our 2021 plan and outlook for the next three years. Number one, maintain fourth-quarter 2020 production. There is no reason to consider growth until the market rebalances. Signs of an earlier recovery will not change our $3.9 billion 2021 capital plan. Number two, shift to a double-premium drilling program. Our focus on increasing returns never waivers, and this year is no exception. We're raising the investment standard again. Double-premium wells earn 60% direct after-tax rate of return at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas and make up the top half of our 23-year drilling inventory. Shifting to double premium will make another step-change in our future performance by delivering higher returns, lower decline rates and more free cash flow potential. We have more than 10 years of double-premium inventory and are optimistic we will replace double-premium locations faster than we drill them. Number three, accelerate new exploration projects. Last year, our exploration program focused on technical evaluations across numerous new prospects. We're excited to resume a more robust leasing and testing effort this year. We're evaluating a large number of double-premium oil plays in the U.S. and internationally with the potential to deliver low finding costs and development costs and low production decline rates. The focus of our exploration program is to continue to improve the quality of our inventory and EOG's total shareholder value. Number four, raise the bar again on our ESG performance and ambitions. After achieving significant improvements in safety, emissions and water performance in 2020, we have announced our ambition to reach net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2040. As one of the steps along the way, we expect to eliminate routine flaring by 2025. We believe this is possible using creative applications of current and future technology. We're currently implementing internally developed technology with a goal of measuring granular real-time emissions data for all facilities in the company. This will encourage innovation and development of unique solutions to achieve our net zero ambition. Number five, resume moderate production growth only when the market is balanced. Assuming a balanced market by year-end, we are positioned to grow oil 8% to 10% in 2022 and 2023. We forecast that our shifting well mix toward double premium will lower our base decline rate to less than 25% within five years from 34% last year. This optimal growth rate delivers the most long-term total value by delivering higher returns, lower decline rates and more free cash flow over the long term. And number six, generate significant free cash flow. All cash allocation decisions are focused on enhancing total long-term shareholder value. Our top priorities for free cash flow are to sustainably grow the dividend and reduce debt. Beyond these priorities, when excess cash materializes, we will evaluate other options opportunistically, such as supplemental dividends, share repurchases and low-cost property additions. With our deep inventory of double-premium locations, moderating decline rates and sustainable cost reductions, EOG's free cash flow potential is improving significantly. Before I turn it over to Billy, I want to address our thoughts on federal acreage. From the statements made by the current administration, we believe that our current existing federal leases and corresponding federal drilling inventory can be fully developed. EOG is well prepared to manage through any regulatory changes that could impact the pace of development on federal acreage. The combination of our large number of federal permits in hand, our flexibility to pivot within our deep inventory of double-premium locations and our ability to add new inventory through organic exploration gives us the confidence that the future performance of the company will not be affected. Now here's Billy.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Bill. Let me start by expressing my warmest appreciation to all of our employees. I am truly amazed by their talent, commitment and resiliency as demonstrated by the dramatic improvements achieved in 2020. Within weeks of publishing our initial 2020 capital plan, we quickly cut capital by scaling back activity by nearly half. To protect the company's financial strength, our employees responded with urgency and purpose, finding new ways to sustainably reduce our well cost structure further. What stands out the most to me is how the EOG culture of innovation and multidisciplinary collaboration and teamwork increased at a time when everyone was working remotely to protect themselves, their families and their communities. The results of that innovation and teamwork can be seen clearly in our 2020 operational performance. We significantly improved our capital efficiency by reducing total well cost 15% and per unit cash operating cost 4%. With respect to our year-end reserves and excluding the low impact of low commodity prices, we reduced finding and development costs 15% to a low of $6.98 per barrel of oil equivalent and replaced nearly 160% of our 2020 production. The speed with which we spread technical innovations directed at lowering cost and improving well performance throughout the company has increased. We believe the communication challenge presented by remote work and the teamwork required between individual operational areas to execute our significantly revised plan last year inspired what we believe will be a permanent improvement in how we integrate new learnings and innovations companywide. Our operational execution fired on all cylinders during 2020, reaching our stretch goal to reduce well costs 15% last year with about three-quarters of that coming from sustainable efficiency improvements. We expect to maintain this momentum and reduce well cost another 5% this year. We also expect to carry sustainable operating cost reductions into 2021. Our reductions to LOE during 2020 remarkably outpaced the volume reductions and shut-in production as a result of exceptionally low commodity pricing. We reduced LOE 22% on a total-dollar basis versus 8% decline in production volumes. Shutting in volumes afforded us the opportunity to take a closer look at our maintenance and workover programs and streamline our lease upkeep practices, resulting in sustainable cost reductions. We finished the year with fourth-quarter oil production at a little over 440,000 barrels of oil per day and having spent $3.5 billion of capital, exactly what we forecasted back in May when we revised our plan in response to the downturn in oil prices. We increased our rig count from a low of five rigs last summer and are now running about 24 rigs to support a 2021 program that will maintain essentially flat oil volumes. The rig count is currently at the high point, and it will drift down throughout the year to an average of about 22 rigs. Looking back to when we introduced the premium strategy in 2016, our per unit cash operating costs have declined by 18%, and our per foot well costs are down about 40%. This operational excellence has enabled EOG to raise the bar further and target double premium as our new investment standard. With such significant progress the past five years and the momentum we are carrying, I'm convinced we are only just getting started at being one of the lowest-cost energy suppliers. We also made significant strides in our ESG performance in 2020. First, on the safety side, our total recordable incident rate, the primary safety metric, improved more than 25%. Safety is always our first priority, and we continue to focus on ways to enhance our safety culture even further. On the environmental side, we increased the percent of reused water used in our operation to about 45% of our supply and significantly reduced total barrels of freshwater used. And we increased our already-strong wellhead gas capture rate from 98.8% in 2019 to an astounding 99.6% in 2020. Our ambitions for the future are a reflection of that performance. We have set a goal to raise the wellhead gas capture rate to 99.8% in 2021 and achieve zero routine flaring by 2025. We're literally fighting for the last remaining 0.1 percentage point now. Longer term, we have set an ambition to be net zero in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2040. Ultimately, it is our highly creative and passionate employees that gives me confidence in this aspiration. In the past five years, we have achieved a number of technical innovations and operational advancements that have enabled us to generate significant reductions in methane and overall GHG intensity rates to date. Our approach to emissions reductions remains operationally focused, investing with returns in mind and seeking achievable and scalable results. Our investments in projects such as closed-loop gas capture and solar-powered compression pay off in two ways; they lower emissions and function as learning mechanisms for future innovation. We know that to be part of the long-term energy solution, we not only have to be low cost; we have to do it with one of the lowest environmental footprints. Our newly formed Sustainable Power Group is working to identify low emissions power generation solutions and accelerate innovations to support our missions, goals and ambitions. I'm excited about all the innovation occurring in the company, and that gives me confidence we can achieve our goals and ambitions. Finally, I want to take a minute to express my sincere gratitude for the tireless efforts of our production and marketing teams in the wake of the severe winter weather event last week. The teams worked in difficult conditions without any safety incidents to manage the production interruptions caused by extensive freezing weather and delivered as much critical production to our downstream customers as possible. All of our production is now back online, and we expect our average daily production in the first quarter to be reduced by about 4%. Beginning with the onset of the storm, the production staff also worked in close coordination with our marketing team who communicated with our downstream customers to redirect natural gas production in Texas to local distribution companies that deliver natural gas to heat homes and to utilities for electric power generation. These efforts supported by critical -- these efforts supported critical human needs throughout the Dallas, Fort Worth, San Antonio, Austin, Houston and other Central and East Texas communities. Further, in line with our core values at EOG, we sold these redirected gas shipments at prices consistent with those received prior to the winter weather event rather than high and volatile daily spot prices. Through it all, the EOG culture of interdisciplinary teamwork and nonbureaucratic decision-making, technology leadership and commitment to do the right thing shone through, and I couldn't be more proud of everyone involved. Here's Ezra for an update on our exploration efforts.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Billy. Our organic exploration focus has always been the driver behind successfully replacing what we drill every year with better inventory. Our current effort is built around adding plays with shallower decline rates that also meet our double-premium hurdle rate, ultimately offering higher capital efficiency than our existing inventory. Dorado, the South Texas natural gas play we announced late last year, is the most recent example of EOG creating shareholder value through low-cost organic exploration. Early entry and capture of a high-quality reservoir across a contiguous acreage position with access to low-cost services and proximity to multiple markets is the recipe for a high-return investment opportunity and is exactly the type of prospect we're looking for. Our strong financial position, combined with our proprietary database of unconventional plays, has positioned us to capitalize countercyclically and capture exploration opportunities with little to no competition. We are focused on oil, and we are in the process of drilling and testing high-potential prospects. We are optimistic we can prove up a number of them and capture additional acreage at competitive pricing that will further improve the quality of what we believe is already one of the best portfolios of assets in the industry. Our vision is to develop double-premium oil plays in each operating area, including international. This is highly efficient and allows us to allocate capital across a wide array of plays to optimize returns and capital efficiency. This decentralized multi-basin approach is a hallmark of EOG, one that leverages our competitive advantages in exploration, technology and low-cost operations, all benefiting from knowledge transfer between the basins. The results, if we are successful, will flow through our financials with higher return on capital employed, lower operating costs, higher capital efficiency, shallower declines and even more free cash flow. When we look back at this time several years from now, I'm confident we will recognize 2021 as a step-change in EOG's performance and financial profile, much like we look back on our shift to premium drilling in 2016. Here's Tim to review our financial position.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. EOG's financial performance in 2020 demonstrates the resiliency of our business model and portfolio of high-return assets. In response to the lower oil prices caused by the price war and pandemic, we elected to utilize our operational flexibility to quickly cut activity. Levered by the sustainable cost deductions that Billy discussed, we reduced capex in 2020 by 44% to $3.5 billion. The result was $1.6 billion of free cash flow, a great performance in what we certainly hope will prove to be the bottom of the cycle year. The board of directors voted to increase the dividend by 10% to an annual rate of $1.65 per share. EOG's dividend has grown at a compounded annual rate of 20% over the last 21 years. This reflects the continued improvement in the profitability and cost structure of the company and our confidence in EOG's long-term resiliency. I'm pleased to say we have never cut the dividend and never issued equity to support it. We analyze numerous stress down-cycle scenarios to evaluate the size of the dividend and to ensure it can be sustained over the long run. The regular dividend represents our first priority for returning cash -- free cash flow to shareholders. Beyond that, we have set a target to reduce debt outstanding by $2 billion from the level at the end of last year. We have made a down payment on that goal, paying off with cash on hand a $750 million bond that matured in February 1. There are no additional debt maturities until 2023 when a $1.25 billion bond is scheduled to mature. Beyond that, we have no plans to further reduce debt. Our goal is to maintain about $2 billion of cash on the balance sheet on average through cycles. This is not a hard-and-fast rule. The actual amount of cash on the balance sheet at the end of each quarter will vary depending on business conditions at the time, but this should give you some rough idea of what to expect going forward. EOG is firmly committed to generating significant free cash flow. Our top priorities for free cash flow remain -- is to remain sustainable dividend growth and debt reduction. As cash materializes and we have more visibility into the future, we will opportunistically consider other options, such as a supplemental dividend during the up-cycles or share repurchases during market lows, along with low-cost property additions with potential to improve EOG's performance. Now let me turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In conclusion, I would like to note the following important takeaways. First, due to market conditions, EOG will not accelerate production in 2021. Second, after this year, once the market rebalances, developing our current drilling inventory at a moderate growth rate of 8% to 10% optimizes returns and free cash flow potential over time. Third, our shift to double-premium investment metrics paves the way for another step-change in EOG's returns and future performance. Fourth, our domestic and international exploration portfolio is stronger in both quality and quantity than it's ever been. This year, we are accelerating the testing and leasing efforts on many of those prospects that have the potential to significantly enhance total shareholder value of the company. Our exploration projects have the potential for higher returns, lower costs and lower decline rates than our current inventory. And finally, we are passionate and excited about the innovation and technology that continues to manifest itself in EOG. It gives us confidence that we will continue to lower well costs and operating costs and reduce our environmental footprint. Our goal for EOG is to be one of the lowest-cost, highest-return and lowest-emissions producers playing a significant role in the long-term future of energy. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our first question today will come from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Bill, my first one is for you. In 2021, you're gonna hold, call it, a maintenance program. And based on your '22 and '23 outlooks, you could have some growth, call it, 8% to 10%. I guess, my question is, given typical shale cycle times, would you have to spend any incremental capital in 2021 to prepare you to meet that 8% to 10% growth in '22?
Bill Thomas: Hi Arun. I'm going to ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yeah, Arun, no, we don't anticipate that we would have to spend any additional capital this year to be able to accommodate growth in the future. And beyond this year, I would add that we'll only add activity once we see a more balanced market, as Bill described.
Arun Jayaram: Tim, I got one for you. In the guide, we did note a step-change lower in the tax deferral with the company's current tax mix now above 90%. Can you talk about the drivers of the higher cash tax mix in 2021? And as we would have thought some of your IDCs would have led to a lower cash tax rate. And can you just talk about, is this a one-year phenomena or indicative of the go-forward tax rate?
Tim Driggers: Arun, this is Tim. Yeah, so as we become more and more profitable, obviously, it has lowered the price that we have to make a taxable income. So that's the first thing. We are an extremely profitable company now. And if you go back and look to the -- to 2020, for sure, in the $39 oil, there wasn't much tax profit there. So in the $50 environment, we have significant taxable income, and we have no net operating losses left to offset that with. So it's a simple math of being a very profitable company and paying taxes. So beyond that, I could clarify it more offline, if you'd like, but that's the general answer.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions. So sorry, Tim, not to keep pushing you on Arun's question right now. But in terms of '22 and '23 on the deferred tax, how that might trend, is it possible that the deferred guidance might improve a little bit next year as you get back to growth to 8% to 10% because you'll be spending more money? The strip is backward dated, which, I guess, is lower cash, so good news, bad news for this. As well as you've got a lot of gains on the nat gas side for this year that maybe may not material next -- materialize next year. So maybe just furthering on Arun's question, is it possible that 0% to 15% could be something different in '22 and '23 as you get back to growth?
Tim Driggers: That's exactly right. As we spend more capital in the growth mode obviously we'll have more IDCs to deduct to lower our cash taxes. So it a backward dated environment where we got lower oil prices then yes, it would lower that deferred ratio.
Jeanine Wai: Thank you for the clarification. My second question is just on cash returns. So given the high-class problem of your forecasted free cash flow and you formally set the total debt target to $3.7 billion with no plans to further reduce debt, what's the minimum operating cash balance that you're comfortable? And I guess, it's a backdoor way of asking like does your new formalized debt target, does that imply that you plan on paying out 100% of excess free cash flow in a year after dividend and after whatever you may allocate toward low-cost property acquisitions? Or am I just getting ahead of myself here?
Billy Helms: Yeah Jeanine, I'll let Tim talk about the cash need to operate the company.
Tim Driggers: So what we have said is that of around $2 billion is the number we feel comfortable with through the cycles. That doesn't mean it's a hard-and-fast rule that we will have $2 billion on the balance sheet. Some quarters, it will be more; some quarters, it will be less, especially during the quarter based on how money comes in and out of the company. So that's the level that we're comfortable with for now.
Billy Helms: Yeah. And Jeanine, the second part of the question is, I think it's important to know that our board is very, very committed to returning cash to shareholders. And we -- I think we've demonstrated that certainly, over the last 20 years, a 20% compounded annual increase in the dividend, the last four years, 146% increase. And then, last year, even in a down year, we increased the dividend and sustained it by 30%. So we're very committed to giving cash back. At the same time, we think it's important to be flexible and opportunistic, which means we want to be able to give the cash back in the way that it creates the most return, the most total shareholder return. And so that will be different in different situations. In an up-cycle, it certainly could be we want to continue to work on the regular dividend. That's the primary way we want to give cash back. And so we are gonna continue to work that really, really hard. And then, on top of that, we'll consider other things opportunistically. As the company continues to improve and get better and improve our free cash flow potential, which we think we're gonna be able to do very consistently over time, we'll consider other options. As Tim mentioned, potentially, a supplemental dividend; potentially, in certain situations, stock buybacks. And then, we are always looking at opportunistic low-cost, high-return bolt-on property acquisitions. And we did a number of those last year. Some of those were in our exploration plays. Some of those in -- really in the Delaware Basin, where we're actually drilling bolt-on acquisitions. So we're always looking to improve the drilling potential of the company through those kind of things, too. So we've got a lot of great options. We're very excited about having a lot of free cash flow and continuing to build on that. That's not a problem. That's a great opportunity. And we're just looking for the right way to redistribute that and generate the highest returns for the shareholders.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bob Brackett. Please go ahead.
Bob Brackett: Hey, good morning. I was comparing the net expected well completions for this year by play versus last year. And am I over-interpreting it? But I see a decrease in the nonfederal areas, call it, the Texas Eagle Ford. I see a rise in the PRB in the Delaware. Is that program predicated on federal lease concerns or desires? Or am I over-interpreting?
Bill Thomas: I am going to ask Billy to answer that one.
Billy Helms: Bob, no, I would say, we've -- in the past 10 years, a lot of our growth previously came from the Eagle Ford, and that is a more mature play at this point. And going forward, they still have quite a bit of inventory, and a lot of that is still double premium. But we see a lot of the growth coming from the Delaware Basin and the Powder River Basin, as you mentioned. Part of that is that in the last couple of years, even last year, we built out some infrastructure on federal land. And just as a natural progression of our development program, we start moving activity into those areas. That's true both in the Delaware and the Powder River Basin. But that's kind of where we see activity moving. And that will also help in the decline rate that Bill and Ezra we talked about earlier in the call.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: I want to continue on Jeanine's line of questioning. Thinking more about this year, you'll have about $2.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet post bond repayment, and you mentioned retaining $2 billion over the long term. But you also have the '23 maturity, and then you'll generate $1.5 billion of free cash at $50 this year and even more, another $1 billion or so at $60. So just how do you think about use of cash this year, especially if capex is not going to flex? How do you think about building cash for the '23 maturity? Is that above and beyond the $2 billion you mentioned? And how do you balance that against returning cash this year if the strip is right?
Tim Driggers: Sure. So we've already committed to spending $1.7 billion of the free cash flow through the payment of the bond that matured and then our regular dividend. So that's the first thing. And then, at the end of each quarter, we will review with the board what our cash position is, and we will look at, sight into the future and see what the condition as an industry look like and make decisions based on where we are at that point in time. So there's no hard-and-fast rule on what that answer will be. It's a long-term outlook, not a short-term outlook. So that's the way we're building this model.
Scott Gruber: Is the $2 billion kind of how you're thinking about the right cash balance for this year or does it, this is a little bit higher given the '23 maturity? How does that come into consideration?
Tim Driggers: No, the $2 billion is -- two pieces to the $2 billion; one is normal operating conditions and one is a surplus for abnormal operating conditions. So they're both built into that number, and that's the number that Tim Driggers feel comfortable with. So that's how that number was derived. Having lived through a lot of these cycles and knowing the size of our company, I know what I feel comfortable with to not be stressed in a stressful situation on the cash side. So that's how we derive that number.
Operator: And our next question will come from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Just wanted to delve a little bit into the capex here in 2021. Certainly noticing from the slides that you guys are spending an extra $500 million kind of above maintenance. I wanted to get a sense of how much of that is devoted to some of these new exploration plays that you guys were discussing here. And then, ultimately, it sounds like there's quite a bit of testing happening with the drill bit in '21 versus last year. Do you guys see this year as really having a potential as kind of a breakout year for exploration success for EOG, given the higher spend.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Leo, let me start that, and then I wanna ask Ezra to give some color on it. But the important thing to consider on our exploration program is that we're investing in plays that we believe will make a significant step-change in the performance of the company. And when I talk about that, that's in addition to the double-premium change we are making this year. It's above and beyond that. We're really looking for plays that are really the new technology we see for the future of horizontal drilling for the most part. These are much, much better rock and have the potential to be much better than -- and deliver results like lower decline rates to help us to generate even more free cash flow and higher returns than ever before. So we're investing in very significant potential -- future potential for the company. The breakdown on the half of the $500 million is $300 million in exploration and $100 million in international and $100 million in ESG projects. And I'm gonna let Ezra comment just in general on our exploration efforts and give a little bit more color.
Ezra Yacob: Thank you for the question, Leo. So as Bill highlighted, we pulled back in 2020 a little bit on our exploration budget, commensurate with reducing the capital spend across the board. And so we are excited this year to be able to return 2020 levels to kind of a pre-pandemic level or more of a historic balance level for the exploration side. And while I can't promise specifics on timing or anything like that, I can give you a little bit of color on how the process goes. And obviously, we like to capture leasehold, and we prefer not to talk in too great a detail about our exploration plays until we get the leasehold captured. And especially what we think is not only the Tier 1 areas, the sweet spot of these plays, but also in a contiguous position. And then, as you can see from the last few announcements, Dorado, the Powder River Basin and the Wolfcamp M and Third Bone Spring, we like to have a handful of wells tested, not only testing the geologic concepts and the producibility of the play but also just testing the repeatability on it. And so those things are different from each of these plays, each of the rock types, giving us the confidence and the transparency to start talking about those publicly. As Bill said, and you highlighted, we are leasing and testing across multiple plays this year. We're very excited about the potential that they'll dramatically increase the quality of the already-robust inventory that we have. And as we shifted from premium in 2016 to focus on double premium this year, we really think these exploration plays have the potential to deliver another significant step-change for EOG's performance in the future. And we're -- last thing I'd highlight is we are doing this at a time when much of the industry has really pulled back on any new exploration at all. And that leaves us in kind of a countercyclic opportunity here where we are excited that we've been able to put together these prospects and get them drilled and tested and provide a little additional color for you, guys, when we have the information.
Leo Mariani: I really appreciate that. Just for my follow-up question, I just wanted to ask a little bit about kind of production cadence here on the oil side in 2021. Obviously, the goal is to kind of keep things roughly flat with the 4Q '20 levels of 442,000. You're kind of, obviously, starting at a lower point in 1Q because of a lot of the storm downtime. Does that imply that we're gonna see a bit of a gradual ramp on those volumes to kind of get to the average as we work our way into midyear and second-half '21 for the U.S. oil volumes?
Billy Helms: Sure, Leo, no, the production each quarter will be about the same, targeting around that 440,000 barrels a day, which really was our target here in the first quarter. Obviously, the storm affected basically a one week of production, and that came largely in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford areas. All that production is back on now. And that downtime is gonna result in about a 4% decrease in the first-quarter production. And we've stated we've not -- we are not gonna grow production in an oversupplied market. So basically, once we kind of get this production -- now that the production is back on, we'll maintain this rate at around the 440,000 barrels a day in each of the remaining three quarters.
Operator: And our next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Bill, just a quick or easy question for you, or Tim, just wondering about hedging these days, your thoughts. You did pretty well with it in '20, when you had some on, you took off, realized the gains on that. So I'm just wondering, with the improvement we've seen in oil prices here, although we're in kind of, obviously, steep backwardization, how are you all thinking about that?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Neal, we remain opportunistic on our hedging. Obviously, the price has moved up very dramatically here in the first quarter of the year, faster than really we had thought. We added a few hedges there at the beginning of the year, just to lock in above 50 and 55. But we're currently watching the market and watching it move up, and we'll be opportunistic and add hedges as we feel that they will be beneficial. And we have no hedges in natural gas at this time.
Neal Dingmann: Okay. And then, just you guys have been successful on your organic exploration you've talked about. I'm just kind of curious, with the plan this year, as you have -- I guess, my question is, do you have a set plan on sort of regardless what happens to either pricing or the success of these plays throughout this year and into the '22 what you would do activity and sort of spending-wise on that? Is it pretty set? Or is that -- could that still ebb and flow.
Bill Thomas: We'll let Ezra talk about this.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, thanks for the question. We have kind of a base plan setup for our exploration, but what I would say is much of it's going to be dependent on what we see -- how we get these leases put together and what we see on the early results of these plays. So we remain fairly flexible on how quickly we think we could start to allocate capital to these. What I would say, just a little more color, is all of our domestic exploration plays, as we've highlighted in the past, are in areas of preexisting oil and gas operations. So they're not frontier basins or anything like that. There is some form of infrastructure, albeit maybe legacy. And so we would be able to get these things kind of produced and up and moving once we have the results on the repeatability of the plays and have the acreage tied up.
Operator: And our next question will come from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: My first question is a two-part question with regards to the decline rate impact from the shift to double-premium locations. What characterizes either the underlying geology or what you're doing in your completion techniques to achieve these lower decline rates? Or is it just a shift away from the Eagle Ford? And then, if this represents a new capital-efficient shift for the company, why would it not push down maintenance capital below the $3.4 billion?
Billy Helms: Sure, Brian, good morning. So as far as the decline rate shift, that's coming mostly from focusing our areas on better rock, to be honest, that as we mature the Eagle Ford Play, as we mentioned earlier, and more of our capital is going toward the Delaware Basin and even the Powder River Basin, in general, those are plays that had essentially better rock and capability of a lower decline. So that's a large part of that. And then, on the new -- with the shift in the capital efficiency and the maintenance capital, I would remind you, the $3.4 billion, when we set that, I guess, a year or so ago, that was at a production rate of about 420,000 barrels a day. And that was also pre-Dorado. So we are maintaining the $3.4 billion at a higher oil production rate of 440,000 barrels a day, and we've also added in the capital on Dorado because that is part of our announced plays going forward.
Brian Singer: Great. Thanks. And my follow-up actually does involve Dorado because you mentioned that a couple of times in your prepared remarks as a potential global energy solution. And I wonder how you monetize that. Is there an LNG contract or partnership with a global player? Or are you taking a more bullish view on medium- or longer-term U.S. natural gas prices?
Billy Helms: Brian I am going to ask Lance to talk about the L&G potential for Dorado?
Lance Terveen: Hey, Brian, good morning. This is Lance. Yeah, I mean, I think as we've talked about in the past, that's what makes it so exciting about the Dorado play. It's just -- when you think about the proximity to the market, I mean, we're so close to the proximity to both -- all our domestic customers, but then also the LNG markets as well. So I think the biggest thing, again, is just the proximity. It's the location. It all -- it's very complementary with what we've done in the past in a lot of our plays, moving gas downstream to, obviously, try to capture the highest prices. So we'll just continue to stay very opportunistic there, but the big thing I want to focus on is just the proximity and what's in place today.
Operator: And our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Good morning, it's Doug Leggate, actually, from Bank of America. I'm afraid that I'm just going to focus on one issue, Bill, and you have to forgive me, it's on the growth plan post 2021. And I want to kind of just set this up a little bit. And then, my question really is why 8%, 10% is the right number and how you define a balanced market? Now I know I've gone through some of this before, but I just want to set it up here a little bit. Basically, just about everybody has dropped their breakeven price. And I think Saudi would argue that their optimal production rate is a lot higher than where it is today. So when you talk about an optimal plan, you talk about a $53 average oil price in the last four years, but we know that Saudi was subsidizing that. So I'm back to the same question I had a number of years ago, which is why when you represent 0.5% of global supply, it's OK to grow at 10% or 5% of global demand because that puts you back to being part of the problem? Hopefully, you see where I'm going with this because if everyone else said the same thing. The U.S. is 500,000 to 1 million barrels a day. And your price war comment, my last comment, I want to just offer a little different perspective on that. Saudi put 2 million barrels of a day on the market in April, put it on a ship and sent it to the U.S. That was a price war. It wasn't a Russia price war. It's an E&P U.S. subsidized growth price war. And so my question for you is, why is 10% OK? How do you define a balanced market? And will you revisit this at some point in the future because it puts us back in the same place you were a few years ago?
Billy Helms: Yeah, Doug, yeah, thank you for the question. It's -- first of all, we've been really clear. We're not gonna push oil in an oversupplied market. We're very, very cognizant of the fragile recovery that we're in, and it's important that we don't put any more pressure on that and allow the market to recover. And we are going to watch that the rest of this year. Obviously, we're not gonna -- we've made a commitment. We're not going to be increasing production this year, and we'll watch it next year before we set our plan. So we're not -- we are not interested in growing oil in an oversupplied market, period. And when the market is right and we begin growth again, the reason that 8% to 10% is the right number because it really optimizes all the metrics in the company, returns and free cash flow potential over time. We got a great chart that we put together in Slide No. 10, and it really shows that the operating efficiency, the operating cost, the earnings and cash flow per share growth, the return on capital employed, the three-year cumulative free cash flow and the long-term free cash flow, all are at an optimal level at an 8% to 10% growth rate. If we go slower, some of those are not optimal; they're worse. If we grow faster than that, at the same thing, some of those are not optimal; they're worse. So the 8% to 10% really optimizes a balanced growth rate, a moderate growth rate, where the company can continue to get better very fast and optimize our returns, our earnings potential, our cash flow potential and our long-term free cash flow..
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Maybe as a quick follow-up then, Bill, on the same topic. So I understand the point about optimal, but optimal is because of what the strategy you decide to adopt. So for example, you don't need to spend $0.5 million or $1 billion on exploration. If you do, you could high grade. You never rightsize the company with a slow growth rate. And you still describe taking 5% of global demand as moderate. So I guess, my question is, between 2017 and 2019, Saudi have 2 million barrels a day held up to market before COVID. Is your definition of a balanced market that the lowest cost producer is still subsidizing the business by bringing back any production? Because that, by definition, is subsidizing your business. So optimal -- I'm just having a tough time understanding why you're not learning any lessons from growing nine times in 10 years with very little cumulative free cash flow, and your share price response, obviously, was terrible. So why is 5% global demand growth for a company with 0.5% global supply okay?
Billy Helms: Yeah. I think there's two elements that we look at really closely, obviously, to determine whether the market is relatively balanced or not. One of them is the inventories. We want to see them get down to the five-year average or lower and keep hitting lower. Then the other is spare capacity, worldwide spare capacity. So we're watching spare capacity, and as it's -- at the moment, it's still 10 million barrels a day, and we need to have some work. So we want to get spare capacity down in the world to kind of a historic normal level. And so we'll be watching both of those. And we are very definitely committed to not overpressuring the market and working with the market we have to work with and staying disciplined and not trying to push oil or grow oil into an oversupplied market. We're making that commitment. We've always done that. We did it in 2015 and 2016. We didn't grow. We, obviously, shut in production last year, and we're staying -- we're maintaining that exit rate this year. So we're very disciplined and we're very cognizant of that. Beyond that, when the market is available, we want to run a company to generate the highest total return for the shareholder value. That is our job. We want to generate value, business value, really core business value. And that's what we're about, and that's what we're going to stay focused on.
Operator: And our next question will come from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: I wanted to ask a question about your double-premium inventory and really the rate of change there. If you took that definition of double premium and applied that to your '19 program and your '20 program, what percentage of that '19 program or '20 program would have fit -- would have qualified for that double-premium bucket? And what's it gonna be in '21?
Bill Helms: Yeah, Charles, Yeah, the double premium, we've been building more double premium every year as we get our cost down and improve our well productivity. Last year, it was about 50%. In 2019, it was less than that. So last year, it was about 50%. And this year, our goal is to get it up to 75%, maybe even higher percent as that. And then, next year, it will even be higher than that. So we're focused on improving the wells, not only with the cost, but there's a slide, Slide No. 7, I think it is. It shows that these double-premium wells are much, much more productive. In fact, over the first two years, they cumed 39% more oil than the wells we've been drilling in the last several years. So they're better wells. Obviously, we're lowering our costs at the same time. And I think that's really a differentiator for EOG. As the industry data shows, most of the industry well productivity is flattening out. Where at EOG, the well productivity is continuing to increase. So we're not through. We're gonna get better every year. We figure out how to target better rock. Our completion technology continues to increase. Obviously, our well costs are going down significantly. And all that is sustainable. And that's on really the EOG culture and our methodology of not really getting into a maintenance mode and just doing routine every well the same. We are in the learning process. We gather tremendous amount of data and technology. We're learning the geologies. We drill the wells. We're learning the pay quality. And we're figuring out just continuously on a real-time basis how to get better in every aspect of the company. And so we're excited about our future and continuing to increase returns and capital efficiency and free cash flow potential as we go forward.
Charles Meade: Thank you, Bill, that's helpful insight into your thinking process. And perhaps, picking up that one thread on better rock, am I interpreting that the right way that -- is that essentially the shift from these -- the resource shale plays more toward these combo-clastic kind of plays? And is that a -- is that just kind of a coincidence? Or is that more of a fundamental arrow for you guys?
Bill Helms: Well it's not a coincidence. I am going to let Ezra talk about that.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah. Charles, thanks. That's perfect. You kind of hit the nail on the head. As you move away from these, the actual true shale plays themselves are some of the tightest rock. And so as we've moved into not only different basins and different formations but especially targeting the specific landing zones. As we've developed some of our petrophysical, some of our geologic models to really understand the specific landing zones in rocks like the Austin Chalk per se, you fundamentally have higher porosity and permeability, just better all around rock quality that adds to not only the returns but also, as Bill was highlighting, to the shallower decline profile.
Operator: And our next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, please. Last year, you signed a gas supply agreement. That seems to be well timed, given the sharp rise in the JKM prices. Can you tell us that what is that volume for this year? And how quickly you would ramp to 440 million cubic feet per day? How many years that we get there? And also that since it's linked to both JKM and Henry Hub, can you tell us that what percent is on JKM and what percent is in Henry Hub? That's the first question. Second question, I think this is probably for Bill. Some of your competitors have decided to formalize the excess cash return framework that once that they have excess free cash after capex and paid dividend, they will pay that out. Just curious that why from EOG standpoint, you don't think that will be a maybe workable program for you because I think the market would love cash return, but that they also love transparency and sort of understanding that under what circumstances they can get what. So just curious that, why that we do not believe that will fit into the EOG model? Thank you.
Bill Helms: Yeah Paul, I am going to ask Lance to talk about the JKM.
Lance Terveen: Hey, yeah, thanks for your question, especially related to LNG. Yeah, I'd say it was fairly bearish last year, right, related to JKM and just global LNG pricing with the warm weather and, obviously, the oversupply. And things have changed, haven't they, quite drastically to where, on a go forward, it looks very constructive, definitely, as you look at global prices. So yes, just as a reminder there, Paul, we've got 140 million a day that goes into that agreement that we have with Cheniere. Like you said, we're excited for the benefit there that we've seen, especially in a go forward. We kind of had that view going into before and finalizing our agreement. We're definitely constructive kind of long-term related to global prices. And obviously, having exposure to JKM and being very correlated with oil too and having the upside, that's where we kind of wanted to be positioned from an LNG pricing standpoint. So yes, we've been very pleased here in the first quarter with that pricing and constructive from a long-term standpoint as well. And yes, your second question was -- there was just kind of how it ramps up, and you're right. It's the 140 million is the JKM, and there's an additional 300 million that will be tied to Henry Hub.
Paul Cheng: And for the JKM, is that the one to one or that is a factor?
Bill Thomas: Paul, could you ask that one more time please sir.
Paul Cheng: For the link to the JKM, is it a direct price you get the JKM? Or you say factors? Is there an S-curve or anything like that?
Bill Thomas: I am not going to go into the specifics contractually, but it's very familiar from what you've heard from Cheniere as well in their IPO model. And so that's how we've structured that.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Bill Thomas for any closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: 2020 was a year with many challenges, and I'm so very proud of the employees of EOG. They responded with an exceptional performance in an exceptional year. We entered 2021 and this next up-cycle with lower cost and more potential than ever in the history of the company. Our organization and culture are focused on improving returns, playing a significant role in the future of energy and delivering substantial long-term shareholder value. So thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and at this time, you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EOG Resources' Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Driggers, CFO. Please go ahead.
Tim Driggers: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2020 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call or in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP of Marketing; and David Streit, VP Investor Relations and Public Relations. Here's Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim and good morning everyone. Our third quarter results underscore EOG's unique ability to organically create sustainable shareholder value through the commodity cycle. Along with substantial cost reductions and solid earnings results, we announced Dorado our new premium South Texas natural gas play. We also introduced a three-year reinvestment and production outlook. First, I want to highlight our stellar execution this year then provide some context on our capital allocation and three-year outlook. We continue to make rapid and sustainable improvements to our cost structure and capital efficiency through innovation while also improving the quality and size of our premium portfolio through exploration. Our results show we can invest in both innovation and exploration to improve the company, while also generating significant free cash flow improving the balance sheet and protecting the dividend. Capital spend for the third quarter was $2.7 billion over $300 million less than our revised plan had forecasted. In the third quarter, we substantially beat our cash unit cost targets as well as each of our oil, NGL, and natural gas production targets. As a result we have generated more than $930 million of free cash flow year-to-date already more than enough to cover the full year dividend. Our 21 Tcf Dorado natural gas play announced yesterday is a great example of EOG's ability to identify and capture high-quality rock and add substantial premium inventory to our organic exploration efforts. We believe Dorado will be one of the lowest cost and lowest emission natural gas plays in the U.S. with advantaged access to both domestic market hubs and international market via LNG. EOG has a long and successful exploration history and we continue to be excited about the potential of our current exploration portfolio. I'm incredibly proud of EOG employees' performance during this pandemic. They remain highly motivated and have demonstrated EOG's return-focused culture by improving the company at a record pace in a volatile environment. We will encourage -- we will emerge from this downturn an even stronger company positioning EOG to excel through the commodity price cycles. Yesterday, we also introduced a three-year outlook. The goals of disclosing this outlook are to provide more transparency into our capital allocation process and meaningful visibility into the next three years particularly given the ongoing level of uncertainty in the oil and gas market. Our capital and growth profile optimizes the total shareholder value of the company through the cycles. Our strategy remains dynamic and our operations are flexible enough to adjust our spending to match market conditions. At the bottom of the cycle as we find ourselves today we have no interest in growing oil into an overbalanced market. In an improved market, our disciplined growth strategy compounds the benefits of growth and continuous operational improvements to optimize returns and free cash flow potential and maximize long-term shareholder value. EOG represents a full-cycle investment opportunity. At lower prices, EOG is clearly a sustainable business. Maintenance capital and the dividend can be funded with oil in the mid-30s. In a more constructive market, EOG has significant leverage to higher oil prices through high-return reinvestment and significant incremental free cash flow. EOG has a unique business model in our industry. We approach this business differently which has become more apparent than ever with recent industry developments. First, the state of recent M&A activity stands in contrast to one of our most distinctive competitive advantages, organic exploration. Capturing high-quality rock is the primary way of improving the quality of our premium inventory. It's how we create more value than our competitors. Our newest play Dorado is a prime example. It's great rock in a great location and that's a resource you can't buy through M&A. Second, we're decentralized. Value is created in the field, not at headquarters. The exploration idea behind Dorado emerged bottom-up from one of our eight operating areas. In fact, perhaps for the first time in our history, every one of our eight areas has significant potential for premium plays, plays that if successful, will add to the top of our inventory not the bottom. Third, the improvements we're making are sustainable. The number one source of our cost reduction this year is from innovation, not cyclic service price reductions. Once again, that's the power of our decentralized organization. It's an innovation incubator and a driving force behind EOG's leading performance. Fourth, we execute our operational plans reliably and consistently. This year, we worked hard to provide transparency in our operations by providing guidance throughout one of the most volatile periods in the industry's history and we've delivered on our plan. Fifth, performance drives our ESG efforts, not PR. We believe the demand for oil and natural gas will gravitate towards the most efficient producers, the most efficient from a capital perspective and the most efficient from an emissions perspective. Our goal is to be part of the long-term global energy solution, while generating strong returns for our shareholders. Finally, and most importantly, we believe we have the most talented and motivated employees in the industry. We've not laid-off employees and we've empowered our workforce by leveraging our robust information technology infrastructure to support collaboration and innovation. Our employees and culture are a massive competitive advantage during these unusual times. And we're not standing still. Our relentless drive to improve means that, this is just a starting point. We are confident that we will continue to improve performance through the development of new plays like Dorado, further cost reductions and well productivity improvements. We're excited about the future of EOG. Now, here's Tim.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Bill. Our goal is to maximize shareholder value through the cycles. We measure our progress against a number of metrics, return on capital, free cash flow, sustainable dividend growth, operating cost and finding cost and financial leverage. We create business value through a balanced approach that maximizes returns as well as both current and future free cash flow generation. It's an integrated optimization exercise, not a simple formula. Reinvestment ratios and growth rates are outputs of this exercise. Our three-year outlook provided this quarter addresses the currently oversupplied market and assumes gradual improvement over the next three years. Our plan each year is based on conservative price assumptions. The pace of activity is optimized to generate high returns on incremental capital, increased return on capital employed, support improvements in operating efficiencies and technical advances and fund our free cash flow priorities. That said, our outlook is just that an outlook. We have operational flexibility to adapt quickly to changing supply demand conditions. At $50 oil, reinvesting 70% to 80% of discretionary cash flow, generates up to 10% oil growth, with significant free cash flow. At higher prices, we would expect to maintain this optimal level of activity and production growth, while returns and free cash flow expand significantly. But why grow at all? And how is the optimal growth rate determined? Volume growth drives higher ROCE, free cash flow potential and the fundamental driver of a growing sustainable dividend. Reinvesting in high-return wells with low operating and finding costs improves the company's recycle ratio, expanding our return and cash flow leverage. We have determined the optimal growth rate from our current assets through 2023 is about 8% to 10%. This pace of activity and growth maximizes the operational and capital efficiency of our current premium inventory. Due to the short payback periods of our investments, capital invested today is quickly recovered by free cash flow in the future. Relative to a lower growth scenario, the value of the additional cash flow we earn after the third year of our outlook far outweighs the incremental reinvestment to support our 8% to 10% plan. The proof is in our performance. During 2017 to 2019, EOG improved our return on capital employed, improved our return of capital through the dividend, reduced debt and grew production while reinvesting less than 80% of discretionary cash flow at $58 oil. Reinvesting at high returns and growing production, the last three years is the reason we believe EOG will generate more free cash flow over the next three years at $50 oil than we did at $58 oil. Sustainable dividend growth is our highest priority for returning cash to shareholders. It is a stream of cash flow that clearly demonstrates our confidence in the resiliency of our financial model and reinforces capital discipline. Strategically, free cash flow generated from higher oil prices, should be at least partially directed to shoring up the balance sheet to preserve financial flexibility for future downturns. Value preservation and value creation are two sides of the same coin when it comes to managing the balance sheet in a capital-intensive cyclical industry. This year has demonstrated the value of a strong balance sheet like no other and we worked hard to maintain our financial strength. Cash at the end of the third quarter was $3.1 billion offsetting total debt of $5.7 billion for a net debt to total capitalization ratio of 12%. We remain committed to pursuing our objective to strengthen our balance sheet further during upturns. Beyond the regular dividend and debt reduction we regularly review performance scenarios that may present options for additional cash return to shareholders. We haven't ruled out buybacks or a variable or special dividend and we'll consider all options for additional return of cash to shareholders when the opportunity presents itself. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance.
Billy Helms: Thanks Tim. During the third quarter, we exceeded our volume expectations across the board while spending well below our forecasted capital. The capital savings were largely attributed to achieving our 12% well cost reduction target for the year. Our expectation for full year capital expenditures remains $3.4 billion to $3.6 billion. The savings provided by our well cost reductions allows us to increase activity and exit the year near the level required to maintain production through 2021. Savings will also be used this year to invest in future value drivers for the company. Our organic exploration program is as active as ever and we are optimistic we can capture additional acreage at competitive pricing. That will further improve the quality of what we believe is already one of the best portfolios of assets in the industry. Finally, we are excited to initiate a number of infield innovations to improve our environmental performance. These projects have the potential to both reduce future emissions and improve efficiencies to generate a healthy return on capital. In the third quarter cash operating costs which includes LOE, transportation and gathering and processing expenses were 13% below target. LOE savings were generated across the board as we have streamlined our lease-up key practices and other facets of our production operations. We track about 100 different categories of LOE spending and 94 of these were flat to down in the third quarter compared to the second quarter on a per unit basis. We are excited about the steady improvements we continue to make. I am confident that most of the capital efficiency gains and operating cost reductions we are making this year will sustain into 2021. With current oil market fundamentals we plan to maintain flat oil production in 2021 at about 440,000 barrels per day which is where we expect to exit the fourth quarter this year. Capital required to maintain fourth quarter production throughout the year is about $3.4 billion. Due to sustainable cost reductions achieved this year, maintenance capital and the current dividend can now be funded with oil in the mid-30s. If oil prices allow additional funds will be allocated to: One, balanced activity across all of our premium plays including our new South Texas gas play Dorado and the Powder River Basin. Two, fund infrastructure investments that further improve our cost structure increase water reuse and reduce emissions; and three, advance both our domestic and international exploration opportunities. At $40 oil we can meet all of these priorities while spending within 80% of discretionary cash flow and comfortably funding our dividend. In late September, we published our 2019 sustainability report that details a number of step-change improvements to our performance on emissions, flaring, water use and safety. We reduced our total greenhouse gas intensity rate more than 15% improving emissions efficiency across all significant sources. For the second year in a row we reduced our methane intensity rate 45%, thanks to an effort to retrofit and remove pneumatic controllers and pumps in the field. We continue to find opportunities to reduce flaring. Our wellhead gas capture rate improved to 98.8% last year and we are on track to be over 99% this year. Freshwater volumes used in our operations declined nearly 30% as a result of significant expansion of our water reuse capabilities. And most importantly our safety rates both total recordable incidents and lost time incidents improved significantly. The goal of preparing this report every year is to clearly demonstrate how our ESG efforts are integrated into our strategy, planning and operations. In this year's report we want to step further with our commitments. We established longer-term targets for greenhouse gas and methane rate reductions. We have also set annual goals to reduce emission rates which are tied to executive compensation. At EOG our approach to ESG is performance-based. While we are committed to enhancing disclosure of our policies and metrics that are important to our operations we evaluate the success of our ESG efforts by performance and performance improvement. And just like every other area of our operations, we drive performance improvement through innovation. New ideas are coming from every corner of the company driven by passionate employees who are excited about the opportunity to invent new ways to lower emissions, reduce our freshwater use and make a stronger positive impact in the communities where we live and work. Finally, I want to thank our employees for maintaining focus in a volatile year. We have significantly reduced both well cost and cash unit operating cost. We kept a close eye on our environmental and safety performance. In fact, the trend indicates, we will once again improve wellhead gas capture rate and safety rates this year.  Constant experimentation, exceptional company-wide collaboration and a no-limits mindset are why I'm confident EOG will continue to lead the industry on performance and technology. Here's Ken to provide details on our newest play Dorado.
Ken Boedeker : Thanks, Billy. We're excited to announce a major new natural gas discovery in the Western Gulf Coast Basin. Located in South Texas, Webb County we've named this discovery Dorado. With a breakeven cost of less than $1.25 per Mcf, we believe this play represents the lowest cost supply of natural gas in the United States.  We have identified an initial resource potential of 21 Tcf net to EOG in the Austin Chalk and Lower and Upper Eagle Ford formations. Both targets display premium level economics. At Henry Hub prices of $2.50 per Mcf Dorado competes directly with our premium oil plays. This play is a textbook example of how our exploration program is focused on adding to the top of our premium well inventory elevating the overall quality of our assets. We first identified the potential of the Austin Chalk formation as an oil play on top of our Eagle Ford footprint back in 2016. We have since completed about 100 gross Austin Chalk oil wells in that area capturing 59 million barrels of oil equivalent of reserve potential net to EOG.  Shortly following that discovery, we began evaluating the Austin Chalk formation in the Gulf Coast Basin and identified its potential as a dry natural gas play in Webb County. Our current 163,000 net acre position is a combination of legacy acreage and new acreage captured through low-cost, organic leasing, trades and a bolt-on property acquisition. We believe our position covers the majority of the sweet spot of the play. We completed our first two wells in Dorado in January of 2019 targeting the Austin Chalk in the Eagle Ford. To further delineate the play and collect more data, we completed 15 more wells over the remainder of 2019. We paused our drilling activity during 2020 to evaluate both the production results and the significant amount of technical data we collected from cores, petrophysical logs and 3D seismic surveys. This data including a year's worth of production history from our drilled wells has generated a robust reservoir model giving us confidence in our resource estimates and projections for well performance. We are leveraging our proprietary knowledge built from prior plays to move quickly down the cost curve with our initial development. We currently estimate a finding cost of $0.39 per Mcf in the Austin Chalk and $0.41 in the Eagle Ford. Combined with EOG's low operating costs an advantaged market position located close to a number of major sales hubs in South Texas, access to pipelines to Mexico and several LNG export terminals, Dorado is in an ideal position to supply low-cost natural gas into markets with long-term growth potential. Dorado is dry gas with close proximity to multiple markets. Therefore, we expect Dorado's gas will have a lower carbon footprint than most other onshore gas plays in the U.S.  In addition, the recently formed Sustainable Power Group, we introduced last quarter is leveraging company-wide expertise to build out an operationally efficient and low emissions field. As we expand development of Dorado into a core asset, we expect it will help lower EOG's company-wide emissions intensity rate. In 2021, our preliminary plan is to turn about 15 net wells to sales with initial development targeting the Austin Chalk. Eagle Ford development where we are expecting lower drilling and completion costs will follow. The Eagle Ford utilizes a lower cost wellbore design optimized to a more forgiving drilling environment compared to the Austin Chalk.  In addition, we can leverage water and gas gathering infrastructure put in place for the Austin Chalk. We will evaluate the capital allocation to the South Texas gas play each year based on market conditions. Dorado adds 1,250 net locations on fee acreage to our premium inventory with 530 of those from the Austin Chalk and 720 from the Eagle Ford. These new premium Dorado locations along with approximately 150 new locations from other premium plays make up the 1,400 new net premium locations added in 2020 replacing three times what we drilled and more importantly, improving the overall quality of our portfolio. The number of wells in our premium inventory that have returns of 30% or more at $30 oil and $2.50 natural gas has now increased from 4,500 to 6,000 wells. We also divested the remainder of our Marcellus Shale position during the third quarter for proceeds of about $130 million. The sale of this non-core sub-premium asset will fund much of Dorado's development capital next year and upgrades the quality of our gas portfolio. This is a great example of how EOG's organic exploration strategy and disciplined capital management creates significant shareholder value. Now I'll turn it over to Bill for concluding remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Ken. In conclusion, I'd like to note the following important takeaways. Number one, EOG continues to significantly lower cost operating costs and well costs with sustainable technology and efficiency gains. The company will emerge from the downturn a much lower-cost company. Number two, our organic exploration effort delivers another significant industry-leading play. We believe EOG's Dorado and natural gas play will be one of the highest margin and lowest emission gas plays in the U.S. Dorado is an example of how our robust exploration portfolio will continue to lower the cost structure and improve the future capital efficiency of the company. Number three, our multiple year outlook is designed to deliver industry-leading financial performance and free cash flow. It's a balanced strategy that maximizes total shareholder value through the cycle. EOG represents a full-cycle investment opportunity with significant leverage to higher oil prices. Number four, EOG is a leader in innovative initiatives to lower GHG and methane emissions. Every aspect of ESG is embedded in and driven by EOG's talented and return-focused culture. New ideas are coming from every corner of the company driven by passionate employees who are excited about making our environment and communities a better place to live. EOG is committed to being a leader in the future of energy. And finally, EOG's third quarter results demonstrate our unique and sustainable organic business model, whether it's exploration, operations, information technology or ESG performance. Our culture-driven value creation throughout the company has never been better. EOG's ability to maximize long-term shareholder value through the cycles has never been stronger. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from an Arun Jayaram, pardon me, with JPMorgan. Please…
Arun Jayaram: [Technical Difficulty] on your 2021 outlook and how you're thinking about the incremental investments that you highlighted on the slide beyond the $3.4 billion sustaining number. And any preliminary thoughts on mix, as it does sound like you'll be shifting some activity amongst the premium plays to the PRB and Dorado?
Bill Thomas: Yes. Thanks, Arun. I'm going to ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yeah. Good morning Arun. Just to make sure, I understood your question. I guess for the 2021 outlook, our maintenance capital as we've stated was about $3.4 billion. We are likely to evaluate. It's early yet to say what our capital might look like next year, but we'll certainly do the same as we always have. We'll allocate it based on our outlook at oil prices at the beginning of the year of course. And as we move into that year, we have certainly a lot of flexibility to allocate between our different plays. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we can fund our maintenance capital and our dividend down to oil prices in the mid-30s. So as we see oil prices moderate either above that level or wherever they might be, we'll have flexibility to allocate capital to our new play Dorado and the Powder River Basin as we explained in our prepared remarks.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Fair enough. But you did say Billy at $40 oil, you could reinvest 80% of -- or have an 80% reinvestment rate and cover the dividend and some of these incremental investments. Is that...
Billy Helms: Yes, that's true.
Arun Jayaram: Is that fair?
Billy Helms: Yes. Well I'm sorry we missed the first part of your question, so I apologize.
Arun Jayaram: No problem, no problem. And just my follow-up maybe for Tim. EOG has historically been pretty conservative on the oil and gas prices that underpin your outlook. So some question from investors on just the rationale for using $50 per barrel. I know it is a bit longer term, but which is quite a bit above the strip. And maybe if you could help sensitize those future growth outlooks if we assumed call it a $40 to $45 WTI type number?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Arun, this is Bill. Yes, the outlook $50 is how we ran the model to determine how to optimize the company and what the most important parameters are. But I wouldn't get too hung up on $50. Whether it's $45 or $50 or $55, the fundamentals of the outlook stay the same. We're focused on returns. The first thing that we have to determine each year are the market fundamentals. Is the market still in an overbalanced situation? If it still is, we don't want to force oil into that situation. But if it's a balanced market and it turns out at $45 oil, certainly we believe the 8% to 10% growth rate, the reinvestment rate of 70% to 80%, the focus on optimizing returns and compounding the growth with operational improvements and margin improvements, and maximizing current and future free cash flow, and doing all that to maximize the total shareholder value of the company. And so the guidelines really apply to almost any price that would be in a balanced market.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys. Just wanted to kind of ask a couple of things just surrounding Dorado. If memory serves me correctly this seems to be kind of EOG's first kind of major foray into a gas play, probably harkening back to sort of the 2003, 2004 time frame where I think you guys made a concerted effort to kind of move more to oil plays based on the macro, which was certainly the right decision over that period of time. Just wanted to get a sense, are you guys sensing that there may be some shifting macro dynamics on the gas side, which can make the Dorado play something that becomes a lot more meaningful in the years to come? You guys did outline 15 wells for 2021, which in the grand scheme of things given EOG's size doesn't seem like a big number. I just wanted to kind of get your sense on how that can play out over the next few years.
Bill Thomas : Yeah, Leo. I think the first thing is, we've had a premium price deck. It's based on $40 flat oil and $2.50 flat gas prices. And so any kind of play that would have premium economics 30% rate of return at those flat prices, that's okay with us. We're not particular on the commodity, whether it's gas or oil or even a combo play. So that's the first thing. And then the second thing is, yes, we do believe that gas has got a prominent future in the future energy supply. There's no doubt about that. And this play just happens to be, we believe the best -- one of the best play, the best play probably dry gas play onshore U.S. It is a fantastic play and it's really driven primarily through the extremely high rock quality of the Austin Chalk. And so it fits everything we're looking for in the company. It upgrades our portfolio. It gives us more exposure to gas going forward. It gives us a lot of optionality in the future to switch capital between types of plays as commodities prices might vary a little bit. But all of it is based on our premium price deck $40 flat and $2.50 flat gas and this one certainly generates super high returns at $2.50 flat gas.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's great color. And just focusing on third quarter for a second. It certainly looks like EOG beat production guidance pretty handily, but it did also look like that the shut-ins that you had were actually slightly higher than you projected for the quarter. So just wanted to get a sense of what kind of drove the better than expected third quarter production performance?
Bill Thomas: Billy?
Billy Helms: Yeah Leo. This is Billy. So yes, we -- the outperformance is really driven by -- and you touched on it there the shut-in wells bringing those back on production. As we brought the wells back on production that had been shut in for some time, we exhibited some amount of flush production from those wells, as we've talked about before. And then the second part of that is, we did start bringing on a few newly completed wells and those outperformed our type curves. So that's really kind of what drove the two parts of our beat on the volumes.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer : Thank you. Good morning. Wanted to ask on the maintenance capital of $3.4 billion. This is the number you've been talking about for the last couple of quarters, and I think you were a bit more upfront. And I think it was slide 8 of talking about in an ideal world some of the potential other additional investments, you want to fund. And I wondered if you could kind of quantify what that -- what those would represent the ESG exploration, cost structure improvements and balancing activity, how much is a normal level of spending there? And then potentially to offset that, I think you've talked in the past that cost savings and efficiencies and cost reductions for the last couple of quarters are not included in the $3.4 billion. What would that represent in -- based on today's cost structure?
Billy Helms: Yes. Good morning, Brian. This is Billy. So our $3.4 billion maintenance capital, you're right. You are correct. It did not -- it does not anticipate any improvements in our cost structure on a go-forward basis. It's based on our current existing cost. So that's the first thing. And then as far as the amount of capital over and above that, we'll -- as we go into the year, I think, we're trying to provide a little bit of a framework on how we would think about allocating capital. As we look into next year based on the outlook for oil prices, we're just looking at merely maintaining our exit rate into the next -- in the fourth quarter into next year. So if oil prices moderate above or below where they are today, we'll look at how much money we can spend on these types of other projects, the infrastructure or exploration-related activities, or ESG-focused projects in relation to what that oil price indicates and stay within our guidance of spending certainly within a 70% to 80% of our discretionary cash flow. So that's kind of the outline, the framework. So it really -- it's a little bit early to speculate on what that magnitude of that dollar might be.
Brian Singer: Got it. Thanks. And then, my follow-up is, with regards to the exploration portfolio. And if we look at the plays you've announced in recent quarters, Trinidad and the Dorado play, they've been more natural gas focused. And I wondered if you could characterize the exploration optimism from here, or at least the exploration portfolio from here, on oily versus wet gas versus dry gas plays and how you see that playing out over the next year or two.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Brian, this is Ezra. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I think, as Bill highlighted, really what we start with that exploration program, our focus right now is to find plays where we can capture the sweet spot acreage positions in those plays. And we're looking for plays that are really going to be additive to the front end of our inventory. So as we've talked about, we've got multiple exploration plays we're currently evaluating. And we just don't want to build a deeper inventory, but really strengthen that inventory. And if we look at what we've done this year, our -- the minimum rate of return on our 11,500 premium well inventory generates a 30% direct after-tax return at $40 oil and $2.50 flat natural gas price. But in this year's program, we've illustrated the significant value of focusing on the top end of our inventory. And we've delivered lower well costs and production outperformance and high-grading our investment criteria, to focus on the upper half of that inventory. And so, said another way, our 60% premium rate of return median well inventory will pay out approximately twice as fast as a 30% rate of return well. And so, our emphasis on organic exploration has always been a key to our success and it continues to be how we sustainably replace what we drill every year in our inventory. The Austin Chalk announcement today, I think, provides a very good example of what a higher rock quality can do in this exploration effort. The Austin Chalk is really more of a hybrid play, so it shares characteristics of unconventional and conventional reservoirs. And when we apply our technology, our data collection on core and log, to really identify the sweet spot landing zones that will react very well to our horizontal completions technology, that's when we really have -- that's when we really get excited and see the power that these hybrid plays can add. As we translate that into oil plays, we expect a very good outperformance with these hybrid zones. And we should be able to see a shallowing decline profile and lower finding and development costs, as we move forward into those.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the base decline. I think in the 2022, 2023 outlook you now anticipate that BOE growth will outpace oil growth. And I think some of that is related to Trinidad and Dorado. But how does the oil base decline trend in your 8% to 10% per year growth rate scenario? And is that level of growth enough to kind of allow the base to moderate?
Bill Thomas: Yes. Hi, Jeanine. I'll ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yes. Good morning, Jeanine. Yes, I think you're correct. The base decline from the oil properties is moderating over time. That's a function of really the activity levels this year and -- but also the quality of the inventory that we're bringing to production. The better quality rocks just simply have a lower decline over time. So it's really those two things that are helping to moderate the oil base decline. And, certainly, the outlook that we have with our maintenance capital is sufficient to maintain that on a go-forward basis.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Thank you. My follow-up question is, maybe dovetailing on a few of the other ones about the other CapEx that is going to be included in the 2021 outlook. So on the potential investments on slide eight that you list, we know that the amount of CapEx will depend on the headroom that you have in oil prices. I think I heard you say that previously. But can you comment on how that 2021 amount might compare to prior years? But I guess more specifically, how much of that other CapEx is really embedded in that $50 2022-2023 outlook? Thank you.
Billy Helms: Yes. Jeanine this is Billy, again. You're right. The level of how much we spend on those different categories will certainly depend on the oil price. And I'd say, there is some amount of that baked into the $50 estimate in the outer years, but it's not a major portion of our capital spend. So it's -- I'd say, it's in keeping with what we've done in the years past.
Jeanine Wai: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Bob Brackett: Hi. Good morning. You've gone quite down dip in Dorado. And those 9,000-foot laterals imply some of these wells are approaching four miles measured depth. And so it seems cost control is absolutely critical. Is there some innovation there to share with us?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Bob I'm going to ask Ken to comment on that.
Ken Boedeker: Yeah Bob, this is Ken. We have a significant history of developing the Austin Chalk in addition to the Eagle Ford, up dip in the oil window. So we've also had 17 wells that we've drilled in that area, that have provided excellent results. And we haven't had many drilling issues or completion issues to deal with. So, keeping the costs in those areas are anticipated to be, what we've shown right now in our 2021 program. So it looks like the -- we have a very, very good confidence that we'll be able to generate those returns. We've shown that are competitive with our other premium oil plays at $2.50.
Bob Brackett: So I'll do a combo follow-up. So it's not sort of managed pressure drilling say like the Powder River? And then my follow-up would be, you mentioned domestic and international exploration activities in that seriatim, that people keep referring to. Could you remind us of what is included in the international bucket?
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Bob this is Ezra. On the international front, I'd highlight we did just recently wrap up our recent drilling campaign in Trinidad with some additional outstanding results. We highlighted some of the discoveries, on the last call. But I'd follow-up and say, our most recent completion the Oilbird -- a well off the Oilbird platform came on in the third quarter at over 60 million cubic feet a day of natural gas with an additional 2,500 barrels of condensate per day. We brought on a well off of our Kitscoty platform, that's cleaning up right now, its flow back rates of approximately 30 million cubic feet, per day of gas. And so we continue to be excited about the discoveries that we made during this campaign and look forward to sharing future results, from this high-return asset. And then also during the third quarter, we entered into the country of Oman, with the acquisition of about 4.6 million net acres in Block 36. Block 36 is in the southwest portion of the country. It's located in the Rub Al Khali basin, which is a well-known hydrocarbon-bearing basin. And as -- we've been looking really outside the U.S. for the right opportunity to apply, our expertise in tight oil development, and we view Oman is really offering that. They offer a very low geopolitical risk, and they offer access to competitively priced oilfield services and equipment, that we think is going to be required to make tight oil successful. And so as part of the agreement, we plan to drill two test wells in the next two years to evaluate the potential of the acreage. And we're very excited about the low-cost of entry in Oman and the option to evaluate a basin with significant potential upside. And I think, maybe Ken could add some color in addition to that.
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. I just -- I wanted to clarify something Bob. When you talked about managed pressure drilling like the Powder River Basin, we are doing managed pressure drilling like the Powder River Basin, in Dorado. But we have a significant amount of experience doing that across several plays in the company.
Bob Brackett: Great. Thanks for all that.
Operator: The next question comes from Subash Chandra with Northland Securities. Please go ahead.
Subash Chandra: Yeah. Hi, everybody. Just doing some, I guess, bar napkin math, using your decline rates and the dollar for flowing capital efficiency calculation. I'm coming up with, I don't know maybe around $5 billion for what CapEx requirements are, for 10% type oil growth. Do you think I'm in the right ballpark there?
Billy Helms: Yeah Subash, this is Billy Helms. It's a little premature to maybe give out a directional number, but I think you can approximate. With the data we've given you, I think you can derive some pretty close estimates. I'd say you're probably not too far off the right numbers.
Subash Chandra: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then secondly just on, dividend decision. I guess the next one comes up, early part of the New Year. I'm just curious the $3 billion in cash, you talked about having the right balance sheet cushion to ride out the cycles. From a, cash perspective, is there a right number that we should be assuming? And is it and should we also assume that the cash does not go into the dividend decision, that the dividend decision is just derived from operating cash flows or free cash flows?
Tim Driggers: This is Tim. And you're exactly right. It is the operating cash flows, that determines the -- a sustained dividend. As far as the $3 billion in cash, we do have a bond coming due in February. And currently we are anticipating being able to pay that bond off with that cash. But we have significant flexibility if the market changes to do whatever we need to do. So, we're in a good position to manage that situation.
Subash Chandra: Okay. And to ask it a different way, should we assume some sort of minimum cash that you'd want to keep on the balance sheet?
Tim Driggers: There -- again, we evaluate it depending on the conditions at the time. So, to give you a number there's not a number I can give you. It all depends on what the stock -- I mean, the price of the commodities are at the time, as to how much cash we need to have on the balance sheet. And also what our budget is, our capital budget and how much capital we'll be spending.
Subash Chandra: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Just curious that when you look at the three-year outlook for your capital allocation and the growth target or that the maximum growth ceiling, should we assume that that's also applied for the longer term? And if notm is there any reason that the same will not be applied?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Paul I think three years with those parameters are a good guide. We did include - we did not include any additional well cost, operational cost advancements in those projections. So certainly, we expect to continue to do that. We have a very sustainable model of being able to do that. So as time goes on and certainly in three years we expect we'll be a lot better company. So I wouldn't just apply those numbers to what we could do four years from now. I think we're hopeful we'll – through these exploration efforts getting better rock and continuing to reduce our costs we should be a much better company.
Paul Cheng: Well I'm sure that the company will be operationally much stronger. I'm more referring to that is the ceiling of 10% growth is a variable over the longer term or that is only applied for the next two or three years?
Bill Thomas: Yes I think right now it's just for the next two or three years. We'll just have to evaluate where the company is in the four or five years from now and see where we are.
Paul Cheng: And then my second question is that on – whether it's the Dorado or that your overall CapEx spending certainly that the price signal is important. But with the future strip moving quite substantially from one day to another so that's probably not a very good indicator or at least let's say a forecast vehicle. So what are the factors that you guys are using maybe that's more determinating how you decide on your program for a particular year if the price signal from the future market are unreliable there as we can see?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Paul I think the first thing is what's the price based on and that's whether we're in an overbalanced market situation or a balanced market. And we believe there's significant structural changes obviously have been going on in the business particularly in the U.S. with a lot more capital discipline, a lot more return of cash to shareholders. They need to work on balance sheet consolidation, et cetera. In the international arena, there's been folks that have basically changed their business philosophy and they're certainly not going to be investing as much in oil in the future. So there's a lot of things that go on in there. And all that leads to – in the future, certainly we believe OPEC will be the swing producer the – really totally in control of oil prices. So we want to take that in consideration and make sure that the market is balanced. And we've taken all that in consideration as we formulate our plans.
Paul Cheng: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Bill I'm really just looking for a little clarification on a couple of the things you've announced today. First of all, the beginning of the year you talked about your cash breakeven being around $40. Second quarter you said it was a little less than $40. Now it's dropped to the mid-30s. Can you tell us what's changed there given that the sustaining capital is still $3.4 billion?
Bill Thomas: I'll ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yes. Good morning, Doug it's really the cost structure of the company continues to improve. We continue to drive down our well cost. As I mentioned earlier we've already achieved our 12% cost reduction that we expected throughout the year. And then our unit costs, we've driven down our unit operating costs quite substantially this year. So those combination of things is allowing us to continue to reduce that breakeven cost.
Doug Leggate: Is the gas price a factor Billy?
Billy Helms: No sir, it's really not. It's really driven mainly by the cost reductions, the structural changes we've made and the cost reductions of the company.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is really, Bill I hate to do it but go back to the 10% growth number. I know you've been asked a lot about it today. But I want to put a hypothetical to you. So let's assume oil is $50 but it's only there because Saudi is still – or OPEC+ has still got seven million barrels off the market. That's not exactly a balanced market. So what does EOG do in that scenario?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug, that's exactly right. We would not want to force oil into that kind of situation. We don't want to put OPEC in a situation where they feel threatened like we're taking market share, while they're propping up oil prices. So that much commitment by them that's not a time we would force oil.
Doug Leggate: That's the clarity I was looking for. Thanks so much, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey with Sankey Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Guys, could you -- on the Dorado, could you give us an activity and volume outlook to help us with valuation? And given it's an organic success, could you just talk a bit about your perspective on the consolidation that we've seen in the sector from EOG's point of view? Thanks.
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. Paul, this is Ken. On Dorado's volume and activity outlook, it's a little early to give any volume outlook for 2021 or the future years. We have talked about a 15-well program in 2021 that we should be bringing on some gas early in the year and then towards the second half of the year from there. As far as M&A...
Billy Helms: Yeah. Paul, this is Billy. I'll touch maybe on the M&A question. I think -- certainly, I think the industry needed to go through some M&A some consolidation in the space. And I think we're certainly supportive of what we've seen so far. For EOG, we've looked at just about every possible combination that's out there. And we certainly understand the financial uplift or the accretion that you might get from a corporate M&A, but we look at that more as a one-time event. And we're really looking -- for us to be entering that market, we would look at the longer-term impact that a possible M&A would have on our current inventory. And so we look at the inventory that a company might have in comparison to the inventory, we already have or what we're seeing in our exploration program, and we just don't see anything that we're -- we need to allocate any funds to at this point in time. There nothing that really meets our objectives. And I guess it just stems from the fact we have such a high level of confidence in our current exploration program, which is mainly aimed at improving the quality of our premium inventory.
Paul Sankey: Thought you might say that Billy. The follow-up is you've adjusted your framework somewhat here. Could you just talk about your philosophy on hedging the latest -- if anything's changed regarding how you think about hedging? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Paul thanks. Yeah, we haven't changed our philosophy there. We're always opportunistic. We have a very robust, rigorous commodity analysis macro view. We're working all the time. It's quite a rigorous process. So we believe we're not always right, but we believe we've got a pretty good idea where oil prices are headed. So we'll just stay opportunistic on that, and same thing with gas prices.
Paul Sankey: Which is -- so you're less hedged right now?
Bill Thomas: Sorry. What was the question? I'm sorry I missed it.
Paul Sankey: Which is to, say, that you're less hedged right now?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. That's right. We're not hedged on oil.
Paul Sankey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Bill, to you and your whole team there. I just wanted to ask a question kind of pull on the thread about this Dorado -- the Dorado play you have. The Austin Chalk, the D&C cost you put for the Austin Chalk is a little higher, I believe for -- than the Eagle Ford did. And I'm just kind of wondering, what's the driver of that? Is the Austin Chalk in a -- is it perspective in a deeper session, or is the lateral a little slower to drill, or what -- is that a relevant piece of the puzzle? And what does it point to?
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. Charles, this is Ken. We just see a little bit harder drilling conditions when we're drilling the Austin Chalk compared to the Eagle Ford, so we've added in additional cost for that at this point. We always work on lowering our cost basis, and you can see that on every one of our plays. So we anticipate that we'll be able to lower the cost in Dorado as well as we drill some additional wells in that play.
Charles Meade: Got it. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to touch on the Delaware Basin. It's still a big driver for you guys obviously. Are you guys seeing anything different, or do you expect to see anything different either in the operating environment out there or the opportunity set to continue to add out there?
Billy Helms: Yeah. Charles, this is Billy. Really nothing's changed, except our continuous improvement we're seeing in the well performance and the cost structure of our Delaware Basin plays. We're extremely proud of the team we have there and the improvements they continue to make. We haven't really changed a lot as far as the well spacing or anything like that, that a lot of other companies talk about. I think we continue to make improvements in the way we drill and complete the wells. And I think we're delivering a lot more consistent results as a result of that. So, we're extremely confident in our ability to continue to execute that program and deliver superior results. We are continuing to have success in blocking up acreage through trades and we've been doing that really for many years. So I don't expect that's going to continue to change. But outside of that that's kind of what we see.
Charles Meade: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: At this time, the question-and-answer session is concluded. I will turn the conference over now to Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO for concluding remarks.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. In closing, I'd just like to say, we cannot be more proud of our EOG employees. Our third quarter results were outstanding, thanks to everyone in the company. The culture of EOG is performing better than ever, and our ability and commitment to creating long-term shareholder value has never been stronger. Thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Driggers: Thank you and good morning. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2020 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. Here's Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. EOG's second quarter results demonstrate the company's ability to quickly adapt to an unprecedented drop in commodity prices. We exceeded our own expectations by delivering more oil for less capital and lower operating costs, allowing the company to generate significant free cash flow during the quarter. In May, we published our revised plan which aggressively reduced our full-year capital more than 45% and LOE more than 20%. EOG's employees rose to the challenge, not only achieving the incredible reduction targets we said, but beating them. Compared to our aggressive plan and guidance for the second quarter, we produce 7% more oil spent a whopping 26% less capital. And our cash operating costs, which include LOE, transportation, and gathering and processing, were 10% lower. With a rapid reduction in capital and operating costs, the company generated nearly $200 million of free cash flow, while oil process average less than $28 a barrel. Our second quarter results are a testament to the return-focused culture of EOG employees and our ability to pivot quickly in response to the unprecedented level of market volatility and industry conditions. Last quarter, we laid out seven strategic focus points for the remainder of 2020. Here's a quick progress report. Our first strategic point is only to invest capital if it generates a premium right a return. Premium return is defined as a 30% or higher direct after-tax rate of return using a prospect of $40 flat oil. In this downturn, we have raised a return bar even higher by using $30 oil instead of $40 to calculate our 30% rate of return. Our second focus point this year is to exercise operational flexibility to quickly reduce costs, with capital 26 below target, and cash operating costs 10% below target. Our second quarter results demonstrate our ability to move quickly in a volatile environment. Our third focus point is to accelerate our technical innovation across the company. This is an area where we're most excited about. While we anticipated some additional opportunity for innovation because of the slowdown in our pace of development; our employees' ability to accelerate innovation even while working remotely has exceeded our expectations. We recently completed our yearly technical conferences across each discipline, all via video conferencing. We are amazed at the volume of new innovative ideas presented some creative ways to cut costs and new tools to identify and evaluate prospects. I am confident that the tremendous progress we've made this year will accelerate EOG's lead as the sustainable improvements start paying dividends in the future. By driving down the profitable required generating double digit returns and extending EOG's industry leadership and returning on capital employed. Our fourth focus point is to exit 2020 with momentum in the next year by increasing production into the price recovery. As Billy will cover in a few minutes, we've increased our quarterly and full-year production volume estimates. In addition, with the cost reduction for making this year, we have improved our maintenance capital outlook for 2021. We now expect we will be able to maintain higher volumes for the same capital and cover both capital and the dividend with cash flow and less than $40 oil. Our improvements in volume coupled with reductions in well and operating costs are setting us up for strong performance next year. Our fifth focal point this year is to remain hyper vigilant about maintaining our financial strength. Our goal each year is to spend within cash flow and maintain an impeccable balance sheet to support operations and protect our dividend. This downturn has demonstrated the value of the EOG's historically strong balance sheet more than ever. With this goal in mind, we reduced CapEx more than 45% to $3.5 billion so that full year cash flow funds CapEx in the low 30s. If oil prices average $40 for the year, full year cash flow also funds the dividend and generates free cash flow. Sixth, our focus is to continue to invest in the long-term value of the business. In fact, once again, this break in our pace of development has actually accelerated our progress by creating more time to fine tune our quality exploration work. We continue to drill on prospects that we believe will further improve company performance. You will hear from Ezra in a moment regarding recent exploration progress. The seventh focus on this year is the most important. Protecting and enhancing EOG's culture is the key to our continued success. We have highly skilled employees who are focused on constantly improving every area of the company; we remain committed to our employees as they are the ones who are making EOG, a much better company during this downtime. Armed with extensive data for proprietary apps and information technology, EOG employees are overcoming the challenging conditions by continuing not only to innovate, but to accelerate innovation. We believe we're in the process of making another significant improvement in EOG's performance, similar to the last downturn when we initiated our premium drilling program in 2016. As a reminder, with premium standards in place from 2017 through 2019, EOG delivered an industry leading average return on capital employed of 14%, generated $4.6 billion in free cash flow, increased the dividend by 72% and reduced net debt $2.2 billion, and increased proved reserves by 55%. The EOG culture is rising to the challenge again, with innovation that is significantly improving the company's current and future performance. EOG's long-term game plan has not changed. We remain focused on high return reinvestment disciplined organic growth and generating substantial free cash flow to fund a sustainable growing dividend and maintain a strong balance sheet. EOG will emerge from the downturn a much better company and our commitment to creating long-term value for our shareholders has never been stronger. Before, I turn it over to Tim and Billy; I want to note how excited we are to continue our progress towards reducing GHG emissions. We are near the start-up of our 8 megawatt solar and natural gas hybrid electric power compressor station. In addition, we recently formed a sustainable power group within the company. This group will support our innovative culture to bring return focused, low emissions technology and projects forward quickly. EOG is committed to being an innovative leader in sustainability and the long-term in our energy solution. Next up is Tim.
Timothy Driggers: Thanks Bill. EOG proved to be exceptionally resilient during one of the most severe quarters for the industry in our memory. I'd like to review the high-level changes in EOG's cash position during the second quarter. EOG had $2.9 billion of cash at the end of the first quarter. During the second quarter, the company generated discretionary cash flow of $672 million and after deducting CapEx of $478 million, we generated $194 million of free cash flow that nearly covered dividend payments of $217 million. Overtime, EOG's working capital position tends to be fairly balanced between current assets and liabilities. However, the increase in market volatility, our working capital balance can fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter. Changes in working capital in the second quarter represented a net cash outflow of $1 billion, which was more than offset by net cash inflow from working capital in the first quarter of $1.2 billion. We expect changes in working capital will be approximately neutral for the full year 2020 based on the current outlook for commodity prices. Moving on to the financing side of the ledger; EOG issued $1.5 billion of new debt and paid off a total of $1 billion in maturing notes during the quarter. This left the company with $2.4 billion of cash on hand at the end of the second quarter. Considering total debt of $5.7 billion, this yields a net debt the total cap ratio of 14%. In addition to cash on hand, a very strong liquidity position is further supported by a $2 billion unsecured revolving line of credit which has no borrowings against it. Looking ahead, we expect discretionary cash flow to exceed CapEx and dividend payments for the remainder of 2020, and oil prices in the mid-30s. In late April and early May, we elected to close out most of our hedge positions for the remainder of the year, as the volatility and commodity markets had abated, and prices seem to have more upside than downside. We affected this primarily by entering into offsetting contracts for those hedge positions we elected to close. Therefore, the timing of cash received or paid for settlement of these closed out hedges remaining the periods for which they are effective. We expect to receive $360 million in net cash payments in the second half of 2020 from these hedge positions that have been closed. As 2021 comes into focus, we will be the opportunistic about hedge -- adding hedges, if prices look attractive relative to our assessment of market fundamentals. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. Last quarter, we made the decision to shut-in existing production and deploy our new wells rather than sell into an uncertain and low-price market. Our intent was that our lowest activity levels, lowest capital expenditures and lowest production volumes wouldn't coincide with the lowest point of the commodity price curve. And doing so, we enhanced the cash flow and margins for each barrel produced and maximize the rate of return for our investments. Our employees' execution of our challenging new plan during the second quarter was stellar. They answered the challenge by beating by wide margin; nearly ever capital expense and production goal we targeted under the new plan. After rapidly reducing our full year capital plan by nearly half, second quarter capital came in an additional 26% below target. We also reduced our cash operating expenses a total of 10% compared to the target. One of the hallmarks of EOG is striving for continuous improvements. But the downturn brought a new intensity to this effort. Our employees delivered even more by continuing to innovate capital and expense reductions that will benefit future operations. For example; we increased our full-year total well cost reduction target to 12% up from 8% just a few months ago. Our operating teams continue to drive efficiency in every aspect of our business. Drilling times are consistently improving, yet completion cost of seeing the most improvement during the quarter, down more than 15%. About half the capital savings can be attributed to cost efficiencies and the other half to service cost reductions. Our drilling rigs and frac fleet are largely under existing term contracts. So, service cost savings have been more from ancillary services. As rig and frac fleet contracts expire, we expect to see further cost reductions; therefore, we believe most of these savings to be sustainable. Our cash operating costs were down more than $50 million, or 10% relative to our second quarter guidance. Our operating teams went into high gear to identify opportunities to reduce expenses during the second quarter with a focus on every category. Some of the largest cost reductions are reduced work over expenses, water disposal and lease maintenance and repairs. These reduced expenses played a major role in helping to generate free cash flow during the second quarter. It is also important to note that we have reduced our full-year cash operating cost guidance by almost $20 million, or 6% on a per unit basis. On the production side; we also beat our forecast. This is mainly due to bringing the shut-in volumes back on sooner than anticipated. One observation from our production data revealed that almost every well exhibited some level of flush production before we returning to its previous decline profile; further evidence that the well sustained no damage from the shedding period. In addition, the decline observed from the base production was less than previously forecasted, also contributing to the production beat. As a result, we have raised our full-year oil production guidance by 16,000 barrels of oil per day or 4%. Our dramatically reduced activity and the temporary shut-in our production, combined with the expense reductions generated positive net cash flow, and deferred a large amount of production into a higher price quarter. Slide 12 of our presentation this quarter illustrates the updated shut-in volumes and the corresponding product price. While we have slowed our overall spending, we have maintained our commitment to reducing GHG emissions by continuing to invest in innovative new technologies and initiatives. Our focus on reducing flaring continues with our gas capture right now exceeding 99.5%. To further minimize flaring, particularly when caused by unpredictable downstream market interruptions; we tested a new EOG innovation we have named Closed-Loop Gas capture. Closed-Loop Gas capture is an automated process developed in-house to reroute natural gas back into existing wells when a downstream interruption occurs. Initial results were successful in indicate that our Closed-Loop Gas capture process has the potential to both reduce flaring and return a majority of the captured gas from the well back to production. In late 2019, we initiated a pilot project in New Mexico to combine solar and natural gas to power electric motor driven compressors. Compressors typically use natural gas to power the engines and our source of GHG emissions from stationary combustion. Since solar power is only available during the day, we designed a hybrid power plant to supplement daytime solar power generation with reliable natural gas generation at night. During the day, the solar panels should produce 8-megawatts of power with no combustion emissions. Compared to the traditional natural gas-powered compression; we believe our hybrid power compression will result in lower operating expenses and a meaningful reduction in emissions. This facility will become operational later this month. Both of these projects demonstrate that we approach GHG like every aspect of our business, focusing on sound economic decisions; and continuously improving our operations. EOG has a long history of adapting to changing industry conditions and using technology to improve the company. As Bill noted earlier, to further enhance our efforts to be a leader in GHG reduction, we recently announced a new strategic initiative to identify and implement returns focused, low emissions power generation within EOG. We are confident that this initiative led by our sustainable power group will be another area in which EOG will lead the way in finding more cost-effective methods to generate power while reducing our impact on the environment and generating a healthy rate of return. And finally, I am extremely proud of how all of our employees have responded to this year's challenges, and doing so while adapting to remote working conditions. Here's Ezra for an update on recent exploration success in Trinidad.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Billy. EOG has had very successful business in Trinidad for 27-years. About 20% of EOG's natural gas production comes from shallow water, offshore fields in the Columbus Basin of Trinidad. Most of the gas is sold as feedstock into a sizable petrochemical industry on the island, primarily producing ammonia and methanol. Trinidad has had a competitive financial profile within EOG due to our competitive advantages in the country as a low-cost operator, and our long track record of exploration success. While our capital investments in Trinidad typically make-up a small percentage of our overall CapEx budget, the returns on that capital are competitive with EOG's domestic portfolio, and consistently generate free cash flow and net income. The latest round of exploration and development in Trinidad kicked-off in the spring of 2018 with the acquisition of a set of modern seismic images; the combination of new seismic and updated geologic models provided a deep inventory of prospects to develop our exploration plan. This plan included farming into new acreage held by another operator, where we could apply our low-cost structure to improve the economics on these high potential exploration blocks. Drilling began in July 2019, and we have recorded 4 initial discoveries with estimated natural gas potential of 1 Tcf gross and 500 BcF net to EOG. The discoveries are located in shallow water off the Southeast Coast of Trinidad. Our 2 open-water exploration will support the installation of new production platforms beginning in 2021. The final two wells and the current drilling campaign are in process and should be completed by your end. Production from this drilling campaign will more than offset natural declines from existing wells and provide a foundation of growth EOG's total production in Trinidad. Lastly, the initial success of this latest Exploration Program sets up the potential for additional delineation, and exploration drilling in Trinidad in future years. I would also like to take a moment to discuss our own ongoing domestic exploration effort. We've made good progress moving multiple prospects forward during 2020 despite a reduction to our initial capital plan. Leasing across multiple basins is going well, and we are capturing contiguous positions and what we feel are the sweet spots of these plays. We have an initiated drilling in some projects and are currently incorporating modern well logs and core data into our geologic models. We look forward to providing updates regarding the testing of these prospects at an appropriate time. Next up is William to provide concluding remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Ezra. In conclusion, I would like to note the following important takeaways. First, our second quarter operational results were outstanding. We rapidly reduce capital and operating costs while increasing volumes. This resulted in significant free cash flow. Second, we have improved our full-year 2020 guidance by increasing volumes and further reducing costs. Third, our 2021 maintenance outlook has improved to include more oil with no increase in capital. We can maintain higher volumes and cover both capital and the dividend with cash flow at less than $40 oil. Fourth, as demonstrated by results, the EOG culture continues to rapidly and sustainably improve the company. During this downturn, we believe we're in the process of making another step change to improve further profitability. And finally, EOG's fundamentals have not changed. Our focus on returns, discipline; growth, and generation of significant free cash flow to fund a growing sustainable dividend; and strong balance sheet have not wavered. Our commitment to creating long term shareholder value has never been stronger. Thanks for listening. And now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
LeoMariani: Hi, guys. I was hoping to get maybe a little bit more color on some of the cost reductions on the well side, from a capital perspective this year. Just looking through the slides, I mean, it looks like maybe it's a little bit more concentrated in the Permian in terms of your expectations. I know that's, where a lot of your activity is occurring, but are you seeing kind of outsized gains there, maybe relative to the Eagle Ford in terms your expectations throughout the year?
BillThomas: Yes, thank you, Leo. We're going to ask Billy to comment on that.
BillyHelms: Yes. Good morning, Leo. Yes, you're right at most of our CapEx is generally directed towards the Delaware Basin. So certainly on $1 basis that's where most of the savings are as well. Just to give you a little more color on the capital savings, about a third of the capital savings are from efficiency gains. A third from pricing improvements and a third is really just delaying facilities and infrastructure from the second quarter into the future third and fourth quarter of quarter. So from that we were able to see most of the cost savings probably on the completion side of our business, as I mentioned during the notes on the call, and you have to remember, we're still under some long-term contracts for drilling rigs and frac fleet. So, as that roll-off, we expect to be able to capture some of the market rate saving on those in the future, but we're seeing savings on some other ancillary services that I mentioned. Largely things like maybe chemicals being down 20% to 25%, some of the equipment rentals being down 20% to 30%. And things like that. So, you're seeing some savings on some of the other aspects of the business, not necessarily on the frac fleets and drilling rigs.
LeoMariani: Okay, that's helpful color for sure. And I guess I was hoping, if you could talk a little about the potential issue surrounding federal acreage here. Certainly saw from the slide, you guys are kind of saying roughly half your premium inventory is located on federal lands. Obviously, the election is clearly uncertain. But do you guys have any thoughts as to kind of, whether or not there might be any limitations going forward on the event of a Biden victory?
BillThomas: Yes, Leo, this is Bill. We've got a lot of experience drilling on federal land for decades, and we've been able to successfully navigate all the changes in the past; we've had many changes over the years. And so I'm confident we're well positioned to continue to adapt and not let those changes significantly affect us. There are two reasons why I'm confident. And then I'll ask Billy to add some additional color. The first is we've got a large amount of premium quality drilling potential on non-federal land; we have a tremendous inventory. That's really not affected by the federal changes; that provides significant operational flexibility. On top of that our exploration program that Ezra mentioned, we believe is going to provide some outstanding opportunities to continue to improve our inventory with better rock. And most of that is located on non-federal lands. And we've got a lot of confidence that we can continue to generate and add non-federal potential. That's even better what we have. And then we've got a very strong growing backlog of approved drilling permits on federal land. And I think Billy's got some numbers on that. And then number two; our governments that have a system of checks and balance that allow the voices of many stakeholders to be heard. And as a part of these checks and balances, any changes would take time and have to consider all those stakeholder interests. And so the success of our responsible development is aligned with many important states and communities where we operate; for example, from federal lands, they're shared, the revenues are shared with the States and in 2019 over $2 billion or revenue was paid out over to 35 states. And so it's not an easy thing to change significantly the Federal drilling potential. So I'm going to ask Billy to add some more color.
BillyHelms: Yes, thanks, Bill. As Bill mentioned, we're starting with a lot of flexibility with our decentralized culture, multi basin approach, we have the ability to move activity around quite extensively. On top of that, our exploration program, which is in basin really outside of our current operating areas, has the opportunity to further add to our non-federal drilling inventory. As Bill mentioned, we have quite a few premium locations that we've announced and about half of those are on non-federal lands. In addition, almost half of our premium locations that work at $30 are also non-federal lands and you can look at Slide 10 of our deck that illustrates that. So the part of that was to meet the rate of return hurdle at $30, about half of those are non-federal. So it's pretty good distribution of both federal and non-federal makeup, that entire inventory list. And the non-federal inventory is just as high quality as our federal. So the impact of our non-federal inventory it supports at least eight years of drilling with similar capital efficiency is we're experiencing in our 2020 plan. And Bill mentioned, we have quite a few federal permits, we have about 2,500 federal permits that are approved or in progress, and which is certainly more than four years of inventory. And also in the Permian Basin, over 90% of our federal acreage is held by production. Our government also provides, as Bill mentioned, an important system of checks and balances which provides for due process before any regulatory changes, and these changes have to consider the interests of all stakeholders, ultimately, regulatory and legislative changes that denies access to current property rights could amount to a government taking. So there certainly be some legal consequences of going through the process. And then, just to point out too, we have a very good close alignment with our stakeholders, including the communities we work in. And Mexico is a great example of that. We recently conducted a very successful partnership with a state control to complete our Closed-Loop Gas capture project and I mentioned earlier and on a day-to-day basis, I'm very proud of that close working relationship we have built with regulatory agencies really to have a responsible development, open communication, paying attention to their needs. It also enables us to meet our goals and operate in a timely and efficient manner. And our success in turn has helped support a better quality of life for the people of New Mexico, for example, in 2019; the state received nearly 40% of its overall revenue from the oil and gas industry. And that certainly supports the initiatives to increase funding for public health, education, and infrastructure improvements, and so on. On top of that, oil and gas development supports 100,000 jobs in Mexico along with the associated economic activity and benefits. A significant amount of that revenue from oil and gas activities on federal lands is also dispersed to the state governments to support local communities. And of course, the two states have benefited the most are New Mexico and Wyoming. New Mexico received $1.2 billion and Wyoming $641 million in 2019 alone. And the BLM estimates that oil and gas activity on federal lands provided about $70 billion economic uplift nationally, and supported about 300,000 jobs. So there are a lot of important considerations and stakeholders involved in any of these decisions to consider when changing the rules on federal land. So for these reasons, along with our diversion, and really growing inventory, we remained extremely confident that EOG will be able to continue to navigate through any changing regulatory landscape, just as we have in the past.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
BobBrackett: Good morning. I'm intrigued by the comments that bringing back shut-ins led to flush production and lower than expected decline, is there a learning there to apply to future developments? And is the mechanism understood?
BillThomas: Billy, do you want to comment on that? Or Ken?
KenBoedeker: Yes. This is Ken, Bob. The majority of our worlds are single zone wells under primary depletion. So as we shut those wells in; they continue to build bottom hole pressure and then we turn them on those wells will show flush production until that bottom well pressure is has gone down to what it was prior to that. So it's a mechanism that's well understood for the horizontal wells that we have that are under that. We don't have any wells that are under water floods or multiple zones where you can have one zone damaging another. So it is well understood and it's following exactly what we expected on the flush production profiles.
BobBrackett: And then what about the lower than expected decline?
KenBoedeker: On the base decline; in terms of the base decline, we'll see the lower base decline was just that we saw those wells we had forecasted them conservatively, and the wells are performing better than what we thought they would.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
PaulCheng: Thank you. Good morning. I'm just curious that, I mean, one of the comments is that with the slowdown in the activities, you have seen a substantial improvement in the efficiency because you have more time there to work on. So if we extrapolate that, I mean, even when the commodity prices are returning to higher level, is it better off for the company from a return standpoint for you to slow your activity level and not trying to grow as fast?
BillyHelms: Yes, Paul, thank you. The efficiencies we've seen a substantial amount of innovative ideas that have been generated and I think when people have more time to think, instead of doing things they think through and they are able to look at the data and analyze it. They are able to come-up with more ideas and a lot of creative ideas. One of the basis of our disciplined growth strategy is to grow at a pace that we can get better; we don't ever want to grow so fast and have so much activity that we cannot get to we cannot get better at the same time. So it's really is a balance you can only allocate capital in a certain speed; if you go too fast, you outrun your learning curve, et cetera, et cetera. So there is a benefit to a proper pace. And we have been able to benefit from this slowdown, every downtime that we are in. And we have experienced multiple ones over my 40-years. Every downturn, we make the biggest improvements in the company. It's a challenge, the times are challenging. This has been no different than any of the others; other than we're working more remotely than we ever have. And we're very fortunate to have in place our very extensive information technology system and our database, and all of our apps. In that we've leveraged all that technology to analyze and to make changes; and to come up with ideas how to kind of continue to improve the company. So we're super excited about where we're headed. I think we're going to exit this downturn a much, much better company; able to generate even higher returns than we have in the past, and really do all of our business better than we have in the past. So it's a very exciting time for us.
PaulCheng: Can I follow-up on that slightly different way? One of your major competitors is also a well-known premium growth E&P company have drastically shifted their business model, and taken a more balanced growth and cash return with a well-defined cash flow reinvestment approach or a distribution approach. And one of the arguments that they also make is that while growing faster may on paper see a higher net percent value but in logic you are at the mercy of OPEC. And I think the behavior of NPS and Putin in the recent times show that may no longer be a reliable to depend on. So I mean do you guys agree with that kind of argument? And if not, why not? I mean we're trying to understand why that a premium operator like EOG will not want perhaps to have a more a balanced growth and cash return business model and trying to grow at a slower pace than what you previously has been, even when the commodity price is getting much higher?
BillThomas: Paul. Yes, that's an excellent, observation. And we are fundamentally a return focus company and that's what we've been doing for a number of years. If you look back at the last three years, we gave out these numbers. They're on our slide deck, and I've talked about it in the opening, we've been a leader in the industry return on capital employed, so we're focused on improving returns every year. And we've also been a leader in generating free cash flow; we generated over one and a $1.5 billion of free cash flow over the last three years every year and for $4.6 billion. And that funded a very sustainable growing dividend. We increased the dividend by 72%, and we reduced our debt; our net debt over $2 billion. So we've been a very disciplined company, and we did all that at a spending level that was our cash, our CapEx to cash flow ratio was about 80%. So really what you're hearing from really the rest of the industry is are now moving into the model that EOG has been working really for the last three years. And we're thrilled about that. That is fantastic. For the industry, for investors, and certainly, it's very positive for all processes, we move forward. So, we agree, they're doing the right thing. And that's the thing that we've been doing for a number of years, and we fully support their move.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neal Dingmann with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
NealDingmann: Good morning, all. And nice to see the continued diversified approach. My first question is around as comments in your release about the improved 2021 maintenance CapEx leading to a higher for 4Q exit rate. Really, I guess the way my comments on this, based on this, could you speak to what this mean for the trajectory for next year as well as what this potentially could mean for even 2022?
BillThomas: Billy, do you want to address that?
BillyHelms: Yes. Good morning, Neal, this is Billy. So on 2021 maintenance capital; previously, in previous quarter, we outlined the same capital number for about 420,000 barrels a day, which was believed to be at that time what our exit rate would be for the for 2020. Certainly bringing out a bunch of extra production this year, but also incorporating the cost savings we're achieving this year. We believe we can do this same capital dollar number $3.4 million, but maintain the exit rate we're seeing this year of 300 -- or 440,000 barrels a day, which is a significant improvement again in our capital efficiency number. So we believe we can maintain that as we go forward; that is not just meant to be a single snapshot. I think one thing it doesn't make into that and make sure everybody understands this is forecasting on what we're achieving today. It doesn't make in any improvements in, and well performance that we expect to be able to continue to see, as well as cost reductions that if things stay where they are, and we're saying in this environment; we're extremely confident we'll still continue to see cost improvements that will drive our maintenance capital number improvements in the future. So, yes, I'm extremely confident we can have ongoing maintenance capital program and this same kind of area that we're talking about today.
NealDingmann: Very good. My second question just around your technical innovations, given the strength and I think you'll have really above anybody else on the upstream side, would this ever lead you to consider broadening the business by considering any sort of clean tech or [Indiscernible] related investment?
BillThomas: Neil. Yes, our focus on GHG reductions is in this forming this sustainable power group within our company is to really focus on technology, bringing technology forward more quickly inside the company, and it's really another organic efforts like we do everything else inside the company to really improve our emissions, but also make sure that we can do it at a very high rate of return. And so it's really to facilitate our ongoing culture. We have tons of ideas that are coming from our divisions, and our folks involved in the field operations. And so we -- so we're really excited about the technology, and the innovations that's coming forward. And we're really excited about continuing to reduce our emissions. And certainly any kind of technology in this area, we believe will not only benefit EOG, but it could benefit the industry. And so we're open with that. It's not a proprietary thing. It's something we're doing to really continue to improve our environment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phillips Johnston with Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
PhillipsJohnston: Hey, guys, thank you. Just to follow-up on Paul's question. EOG really stands out because unlike all your peers, you never cut the dividend over the last six years, and you also resisted all the pressure to buy back your stock over the last few years almost of your competitors; destroyed a lot of value doing that. The company that Paul talks about is laid out plans to start paying variable dividends or special dividends on top of the regular base dividend. I realize you guys want to continue to grow the base dividend at a healthy clip, but my question is, is there any appetite at the board level to supplement your regular dividend with recurring variable dividends? And if not, what kind of flaws do you see with that type of payout strategy that would prevent you guys from going down that road?
BillThomas: Yes, Phil. Yes, your observation is right. We believe a sustainable growing dividend backed by an impeccable balance sheet is certainly the best way to return cash to shareholders, and we're very committed to that. And we don't want to take anything away from that. Having said that, we're certainly open to consider other additional things options. And so when we certainly welcome any shareholder input on that, and we will remain open and flexible to do what's best for everybody.
PhillipsJohnston: Okay, are there any flaws or drawbacks that you kind of see with that type of variable dividend strategy?
BillThomas: Well, I think the biggest one is it's kind of unknown and inconsistent. And the feedback we've received from many folks as they were -- they would really focus on a more consistent growing dividend. And certainly as you pointed out, we've never ever cut the dividend. And we want to make sure it's sustainable and certainly backing it up with an impeccable balance sheet. And so the mix we've had over the last several years as we talked about, we believe is a really good mix. And we believe that will create very, very significant shareholder value going forward.
Operator: And our next question will come from Douglas Leggate of Bank of America Merrill. Please go ahead.
DouglasLeggate: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone's doing well out there. Bill, I'm afraid I'm going to be beat up on Paul's question a little bit for change question. And just play a couple of things back to you, if I may. It's not that long ago that EOG talked about 15% to 25% oil growth between $50 and $60 oil and the $58 oil price you refer to was subsidized by Saudi, who ultimately sent a bunch of cargoes to the U.S., presumably to teach the U.S. a lesson. So my question is when you walk through all the things that you're laying out about reinvestment rates and so on, the feedback from your peers is that their shareholders are telling them they don't want as much oil growth. So I guess my question to you is what are your shareholders telling you and asking you to do? And why is it not right to cut oil growth in a market that just doesn't need?
BillThomas: Yes, Doug. I think as we stated in the opening remarks; fundamentally, we believe we've got a very, very strong game plan. And we've got a tremendous track record to back that up, being the leader and return on capital employed in the industry, while generating very significant free cash flow; and giving it back in a very strong dividend increase, and strengthen our balance sheet. And we believe that was the right strategy before the downturn. It certainly has put the company in a tremendous position where we are right now. And going forward, we believe that's the right strategy going forward to continue to create significant shareholder value going forward. So we believe our game plan is really solid. Our growth is always been very disciplined. Again, we've only allocated about 80% of our cash to CapEx. And so we've been able to grow the company in a very disciplined pace. And as we go into 2021 and the future, obviously, we need to keep our eye on the macro view of oil. We need to be aware of the market conditions. We're not interested in growing all oil volumes at a strong pace and an oversupplied market. Certainly, that's not the right thing to do. But we want to continue when the time is right, we want to continue to grow the company at a disciplined pace, at the pace to where we can continue to improve our returns, and improve our performance.
DouglasLeggate: Bill, but as a footnote to the question, I think, people would really appreciate your leadership as a company here because you are one of the bigger companies and capital discipline needs to be defined, and I would urge you to try and do that. And my follow-up is maybe in an obtuse way of asking the same question. You're running 10 to 11 rigs right now; you've got the potential clearly to run three times that amount. So I guess what I'm really trying to get at is, are you planning to retain the same operational capability? In other words, the rest of you move back to that level? Or is like some of the other companies? Is there an opportunity here to address the cost base of the company by right sizing to perhaps a lower level of activity? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
BillThomas: Yes, Doug, we are really committed to our employees; they are the ones that are making our company better. They're the most valuable asset we have in the company. And so we have a lane, we run lane, we actually peaked on employment about four or five years ago; even though we've gotten a much bigger company, our employee base has really not grown. And so they're very highly productive. They're highly motivated. And they're certainly the part of the company that we want to keep intact and take care of and encourage. So we believe we're at the right size to be effective, to be ready as the downturn is over; so we're focused on continuing to maintain and to actually increase our culture or ability as we go forward, so we're very committed to keeping the company in great shape going forward.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
ScottGruber: Yes. Good morning. Can you hear me? Great. I think your rig count today, I think, is around half a dozen rigs. Correct me if I'm wrong on that number, given the continued efficiency gains that you guys continue to achieve? What is the new level of maintenance rig activity and frac activity? 
BillThomas: Billy, do you want to answer that one?
BillyHelms: Sure. Scott. This is Billy. So yes, you're right. We have actually 7 rigs counting to one in offshore Trinidad. So 6 domestically, 1 offshore. And our maintenance capital plan would require about 20 rigs and 10 frac fleets. And we're generally running as I mentioned 7 rigs and 5 or 6 frac fleet today. So we're well under it, when we pulled back our activity, we dropped to a level well below our maintenance capital level. And that's important to note. So the plan certainly going into the third and fourth quarter is be looking at whether or not we want to add a rig or two going into the next year to get to that maintenance level or not.
ScottGruber: Got it. And then you mentioned also that you have -- most of your rigs and frac crews under long-term contracts. I imagine those were the ones you kept just given the cost of ending those contracts. Are these generally multiyear contracts and support of new frac e-fleets or did the majority roll off over the next 12-months? I am trying to ascertain when those savings manifest; I imagine the rigs and frac crews today given the deflation on other services, these regional frac crews maybe pushing towards 40% or 50% of your direct well costs. I just trying to get my head around when you could see those savings roll through?
BillyHelms: Yes, sure, Scott. Yes, they are multiyear contracts. And I'd say they're various term-- various terms on the contracts. But in general, they're starting to roll off in the next 12 to 18 months. I think the one thing that's important to note is we build what we think are valuable relationships with our most trusted service providers. And we worked through this in partnership with them to make sure we retained not only the performance and the high performing equipment personnel, but the ability to ramp back up when we need to. So it gives us a lot of flexibility as we work through this. And I think, certainly, we build a lot by building that relationship. It's a very trusted relationship we have; it allows us to make to capture some cost savings just been able to capture rates at below market rates in current times, but also maintain the high performing levels of activity that we need to sustain our business. So we're very proud of our relationships we have with them. But, yes, they typically roll off in the next 12 or 18 months. And we'll kind of reassess where we need to be working with those trusted partners.
Operator: Our next question will come from Juan Jarrah with TD Securities. Please go ahead.
JuanJarrah: Yes, thanks, guys. And thanks for squeezing me in and congrats on the exploration success in Trinidad. I did want to follow-up a bit on your onshore exploration efforts. I noticed easier said than done, but can you comment on any other exploration efforts you consider pursuing outside of the Lower 48 and with that Canada comes to mind and as you know, one of your peers recently announced adding a position to their Montney in Canada, so just curious on that, and I'll stop there.
BillThomas: Ezra?
EzraYacob: Yes, thanks. Thanks Juan. This is Ezra. As you know, we've got -- you mentioned our Trinidad exploration effort, and then our domestic exploration effort. And so when we think about anything else outside of the Lower 48; it really comes down to how competitive can it be with our pre-existing domestic portfolio? And that's the main driver on it. When we talk about any of our new exploration ideas, whether it's Trinidad or the new domestic portfolio; we're exploring for prospects and rock quality that will be additive to the front end of our pre-existing inventory. At 10,500 premium locations, I'm not sure if we necessarily just need more to continue to backfill that deep inventory; what we're really trying to do is add to the front end of it. And that's what the exploration efforts focused on.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
BrianSinger: Thank you. Good morning. You mentioned in the 10-Q, that you expect to replace the $750 million of debt coming due next year with other long-term debt. And I thought that was interesting because you've been talking while I think about paying down debt and having the cash on the balance sheet to do so. And so I wondered, if you could add a bit more color on, a; how you're thinking about the right level of free cash flow to pursue? And then if not allocated to paying down debt, where you see the best areas of allocation between incremental drilling, returning it to shareholders, or keeping a high amount of cash on the balance sheet or deploying it elsewhere like M&A?
BillThomas: Tim?
TimothyDriggers: Yes. So the reason we chose to keep the debt and long-term debt at June 30 was just the uncertainty of the market going forward between now and February when our next debt is due. Certainly, the goal has not changed. And that goal is to pay down debt. So if market conditions play out as such that we have the cash, sufficient cash then we will pay down that debt. But to be conservative, we left it in long-term, just because of the uncertainty in the market. And I guess, Bill, will address the capital allocation portion of your question.
BillThomas: Yes, the right level of free cash flow, Brian, is really a function of -- it's obviously variable every year, number one, based on the oil price. We normally we have -- and we will continue to kind of use a conservative view, our macro conservative view of what oil process will be that year. And then we certainly have a goal every year to generate significant amount of free cash flow; is example the last three years we've generated about $1.5 million a year on average free cash flow. And we want to use that to continue to, as Tim said, consider paying our debt now, our goal is to continue to paying our debt down more, and certainly continue to work on our dividends when the environment is healthy. And then after that we will allocate the capital, continue to allocate it at a very disciplined level just like we have in the past. And discipline means that we're not going to allocate the capital at a speed that's too fast to where we cannot learn and grow and get better. We want to always be increasing our capital efficiency and lower our funding costs. Continuing to lower our operating costs, and those kinds of things. And so you have to go at the proper speed to do that every year, and that's really the governor on allocating the capital. And whatever free cash flow is left over after all those things are done, obviously, it's that will be variable by year-by-year, according to the commodity process. We will continue to be committed to using that capital to continue to create shareholder value, and making sure we get the highest return possible avenues on using that cash.
BrianSinger: Right, thank you. And then my follow-up goes back to the exploration program. I think as you mentioned, a couple comments I thought was interesting one was that the exploration you're pursuing is even better than what you have, and then that it's in basins outside the current operating area, and largely not on federal land. And I wondered if you could add a bit more color on what type of impact the onshore exploration you're pursuing could have on your potential production or capital investment. One or two years out how, what the proximity is to being able to really move these plays into development and have a level of materiality on your production. And then whether there are above ground issues that need to be worked out with the areas from midstream or other perspective?
EzraYacob: Yes, Brian, this is Ezra. Let me try to unpack that one-by-one here. First, I'd say our -- as we've talked about in the past, our domestic exploration effort; these aren't really in Frontier or Wildcat basins. These are in basins where there is an established legacy, oil and gas production. And so if these prospects work out the way that we think they will, and they're additive to the front-end quality of our inventory, we should be able to move them into active development basis pretty quickly, obviously, pending results. The second part of that going back to just the quality of what we're looking for; this is -- it's a better rock quality as we've talked about before, a lot of what we're looking at is tied to what we think we can develop with our horizontal completions technology. And what I mean by that is just exactly how does the rock -- how's it going to respond. How is it going to actually be stimulated and fracture in combination with our stimulation designs? And so those are the two things that we think are really we're focused on; it is definitely not traditional, unconventional types of rocks that have been focused on in the past. And so as we continue to kind of push these prospects forward and get data on them, we will update you guys with our results on the testing. But we're feeling very confident. Everything that we're seeing today that they are going to continue to be, as I said earlier, additive to the front end of our -- what really is a pretty deep inventory to begin with.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Thomas for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Thomas: In closing, first, we want to thank all EOG employees for the outstanding job you're doing to improve the company during this historic and challenging downturn. As we said, the company is improving very rapidly. And we're going to emerge from this downturn a better and stronger company. So we're eager to extend our leadership, and return on capital employed; discipline growth, free cash flow generation and sustainability. Thanks for listening and thanks for your support.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources First Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded.  At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Driggers: Thanks, and good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2020 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations.  Here's Bill Thomas.
William Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I first want to acknowledge those responding to the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular, the health care workers, first responders and other dedicated professionals addressing this crisis on the frontlines. Some of you are part of the EOG family, and we thank you for your dedicated and courageous service. EOG is a resilient company. And we believe the severity of this process will demonstrate just how resilient we are. The COVID-19 pandemic compounded what started as an oil price war, which drove oil prices to levels we have not seen in more than 20 years. While this shock to the market is unprecedented, and it's difficult to predict exactly how long it will take demand to recover and inventories to decline, like every other downturn, EOG will emerge a stronger global competitor, uniquely positioned to capture the upside of the oil market recovery. There are two reasons we're confident in our resiliency. First is the EOG culture and second is our premium drilling strategy. Times like these are when the EOG culture shines and becomes even more valuable because downturns supercharge our ability to improve. Our culture has responded quickly by aggressively reducing capital spending to a level that will allow EOG to generate free cash flow this year, assuming current commodity strip prices. We continue to be innovative and entrepreneurial by identifying creative ways to rapidly reduce operating expenses and develop new technical improvements that we can sustain into the oil price recovery. EOG is decentralized, driven by interdisciplinary teams that are empowered to make real-time data decisions based on basin-specific market conditions. Most importantly, we are rate of return-driven, and we will not invest the dollar unless it earns a good return, even in this price environment. The EOG culture is rising to the challenge and making a difference at every level and in every area of the company. Our super-talented EOG employees, armed with our advanced information technology analytics, are at the heart of this culture, and I am incredibly grateful for the way they have responded to this unique downturn. I can't thank our employees enough. The second reason we're confident that EOG will weather the severe downturn is our premium drilling strategy. We believe it's the most strict investment hurdle rate in the industry. Premium requires that all investments earn a 30% direct after-tax rate of return using an oil price of $40 flat. We initiated our premium strategy in 2016 during the last downturn. Since then, we have continued to improve the quality of our drilling inventory with substantial and sustainable well cost reductions.  The improvement in our returns and cost structure has made EOG more resilient to low oil prices and positioned us to respond quickly to this unprecedented downturn and manage our business efficiently should the downturn be prolonged. As a result, we have a significant amount of premium inventory, more than 4,500 identified locations, in fact, that earn at least a 30% direct after-tax rate of return with $30 oil, which is even lower than the $40 used to meet the premium hurdle. Armed with this high-return inventory, EOG is well positioned to continue to be a leader in returns. We entered this downturn in a position of operational and financial strength, and the reason for this is our consistent approach to the fundamentals of our business: return-focused capital allocation, supported by a strong balance sheet.  Rest assured that EOG's priorities will remain the same throughout the duration of this crisis. First, only invest capital if it generates premium rates of return. Our disciplined approach to reinvestment does not change. We invest to make a return, even with low oil prices. We will not drill a well if it doesn't earn at least a 30% direct after-tax rate of return. Second, utilize our operational flexibility to cut expenditures quickly. We exercised the operational flexibility allowed by our contracts with service providers to revise our development plan to be consistent with our outlook for oil prices over the next three quarters. Third, accelerate technical innovation across the company. Lower activity does not hamper our innovation. In fact, true to the EOG culture, each of our divisions have already started to implement multiple initiatives to further reduce our cost structure, improve well productivity and advance our exploration program. Fourth, exit 2020 with momentum by increasing production and to the price recovery. While we remain flexible and responsive to the pace of the price recovery, we have a large inventory of newly completed wells waiting to be put online. We plan to bring those to sales as prices begin to recover during the second half of 2020 and exit the year with momentum heading into 2021. Fifth, protect the financial strength of the company. Our goal each year is to spend within cash flow and maintain an impeccable balance sheet to support operations and protect our dividend through challenging times.  Sixth, continue to strategically invest in the long-term value of our business. Through each of the prior downturns, EOG has emerged a stronger business because we continue to invest in the long-term value of the company. Whether it was leasing exploration acreage in the Eagle Ford to jump-start our transition to oil or the Yates acquisition in 2016. Challenging times for the industry often offer the best opportunities to invest. And finally and most importantly, maintain our unique culture. Our culture is the key to our success, and we put a priority on protecting our unique ability to sustainably reduce costs, improve our inventory and strategically adjust to market conditions. Our ultimate goal has not changed: to be one of the best companies in the S&P 500. We believe the company will make tremendous progress towards this goal in 2020. By making EOG more cost efficient, by fostering innovation, by sharpening our technical edge and progressing new exploration potential, we will emerge a stronger global competitor, uniquely positioned to capture the upside when all markets recover and continue creating long-term value for our shareholders. Next up is Tim to review our current financial position.
Timothy Driggers: Thanks, Bill. A conservative approach to our capital structure has been a cornerstone of EOG's financial strategy throughout our history. This is borne out of a recognition that oil and gas business has always been capital-intensive and cyclical. These cycles are as inevitable as they are unpredictable, and so a business must be built not just to withstand them, but to have the financial strength at the right times to be able to take advantage of them. EOG entered the downturn in very good shape. Cash at the end of the first quarter was $2.9 billion, which included roughly $760 million of collateral from hedge contracts. This compares to total debt of $5.2 billion for a net debt to total capital ratio of less than 10%. This is down from 13% at the end of last year and a recent peak of 34% in 2016. We reduced net debt by $4 billion in the last 4 years. Our liquidity position is further supported by a $2 billion unsecured revolving line of credit, which has no borrowings against it. Our long-term debt ratings, which were recently reaffirmed by S&P and Moody's, stand 4 notches into investment grade.  Furthermore, on April 14, EOG issued 10- and 30-year bonds totaling $1.5 billion, enhancing our already strong liquidity position. Last month, we also repaid a maturing $500 million bond, and we plan to repay with cash on hand, the $500 million bond maturing on June 1. Given the outlook for oil prices for the remainder of the year, EOG has also added additional hedges for 2020. We now have hedged more than 95% of our second quarter oil production at an average price of $48 and more than 50% of our third quarter production at $47. This mirrors how we view the periods of greatest price risk and adds another dimension to our approach to maintaining a resilient business by securing that portion of our cash flow. We will begin to look at adding additional '21 hedges later in the year if prices look attractive relative to our assessment of the market fundamentals. Maintaining and growing the dividend remains a top priority as it is the most tangible output of EOG's high-return premium business model. We have never cut the dividend, never issued equity to support the dividend and have not relied on asset sales at fire-sale prices to make it through a downturn. The Board yesterday declared a quarterly dividend of $0.375 per share or $1.50 per share annualized rate, which maintains the rate from the 30% increase declared last quarter. The dividend is designed to be sustainable through low price cycles without straining the balance sheet or sacrificing other priorities. We test these priorities against numerous down cycle scenarios so we can be confident these goals are achievable even under extremely stressed conditions. This resilience reflects EOG's strong returns, low-cost structure and financial flexibility. EOG's financial strength also gives our operations teams to be able to take necessary actions with a focus on long-term benefits to the company instead of making forced short-term decisions. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance.
Lloyd Helms: Thanks, Tim. I want to highlight the major steps taken to adjust our operating plan by providing some detail. First, on our capital and operating cost-reduction efforts. And second, the steps taken to reduce production during the low points in the oil price curve. Our swift response to the current environment is evident in our first quarter performance. We reduced capital by $265 million or 14%, while essentially hitting the midpoint of the guidance for oil volumes. For the entire year, we reduced our capital plan to $3.5 billion, more than 45% lower than the original plan. Demonstrating the flexibility in our operational plan, we reduced our drilling rig fleet 78% from a peak of 36 rigs down to 8 in the span of just 6 weeks. On the completion side, we reduced activity 69% from 16 frac fleets to just five. Our flexible contracting strategy, combined with our established reputation as a consistent operator that values strategic vendor relationships, have allowed us to make these adjustments without incurring significant costs. The goal is to generate high rates of return for the capital we choose to invest along with free cash flow while maintaining our leverage to the up cycle as demand recovers. Our ability to reposition the company to achieve that goal in a few short weeks is a testament to EOG's strong culture and decentralized organization, and most of all, our fast-acting innovative employees. I'm incredibly proud of them. We also reduced exploration and infrastructure capital without sacrificing projects with the highest long-term benefit to the company. Exploration capital has been focused on the prospects with the most promise to add future shareholder value. On the infrastructure side, the concentration of our activity in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford, where we have existing well-developed assets in place, naturally reduces infrastructure needs. And we are also maintaining our commitment to reducing our environmental footprint by retaining investment in high-impact projects. On the operating cost side, we reduced lease operating expense by more than $300 million or approximately 20% compared to the original plan. Our operations teams are highly engaged in cost reduction, and we are realizing savings from many areas, including fewer expense workovers, reduced maintenance and repairs, water disposal and compression expense and contract labor. While reducing activity has driven significant initial cost reductions, we are maintaining a level of activity that allows us to accelerate technical innovation. The biggest opportunity from the downturn will be to identify a step-change efficiencies and operational improvements that lead to sustainable cost reductions. For example, our drilling and completion teams continue to establish new performance records in each area as illustrated on Slides 39 and 43 of our investor presentation. Across all our operations, we believe we will be able to lower well cost another 8% this year, most of which will be sustainable as a result of the improved efficiencies. This is a testament to the continued drive and innovation to raise the performance bar in the spirit of continuous improvement that allows us to consistently reduce well cost in each of our plays. The cadence of our new capital plan is heavily front-end-loaded. Most of the $1.7 billion of first quarter capital was spent before the downturn began. As a result of rapidly reducing activity, we expect to spend about $650 million in the second quarter and decline sequentially in the third and fourth to total just $3.5 billion for the year, nearly half of our original plan. Our 2020 production profile reflects a rate of return decision. Even though 90% of our shut-in production is cash flow positive at $10 per barrel and we have access to multiple markets, rather than produce at potentially the lowest price point of the year, we elected to shut in existing and deferred additional production by delaying the start-up of new wells. We plan to continue to defer production through the first half of the year. This deferred inventory of new wells has been completed and is simply waiting to produce. This allows us to exert more control over the cash margins of every barrel we produce and provides us the ability to quickly increase oil volumes into an improving oil price environment. We began deferring production during the first quarter. And even after delaying initial production from new wells and shutting in 8,000 barrels a day in March from existing wells, we achieved the midpoint of our guidance. First quarter and second quarter represent the peak and the trough, respectively, of our U-shaped production profile in 2020. Between deferred start-ups and new wells drilled and completed, we anticipate turning online approximately 300 additional wells in the second half of the year, for a total of 485 by the end of 2020. Volumes are currently forecasted to increase in the second half of 2020, with fourth quarter production averaging about 420,000 barrels of oil per day, establishing momentum going into next year. The capital required to maintain this level of production going forward would be approximately $3.4 billion per year. Our production profile corresponds to the current outlook for oil prices. However, we will remain flexible to make further adjustments if the operating plan as conditioned -- to the operating plan as conditions change. If prices stay lower for longer, we can make additional reductions to our capital and operating costs and further defer bringing new wells online. To be clear, we would rather shut in production than sell in to an uncertain low-price market. Ultimately, the decision to begin increasing production will be based on a more sustainable and constructive outlook for oil prices in the second half of the year. For the oil that we do choose to sell, we have secured favorable prices through various contracts providing exposure to Brent, Gulf Coast, WTI and fixed prices. The marketing strategy provides flexibility to pivot each of our producing areas to multiple markets to capture the highest margin. In conclusion, I am proud of how decisively and thoughtfully our employees responded to this downturn. We exercised our flexibility to quickly cut capital and operating costs. And the decision to reduce volumes at the lowest point of the price curve supports our intent to accomplish 2 primary objectives: one, enhance the margins from each barrel that is produced; and two, maximize our rate of return for any investment. While EOG is not immune from the effects of low oil prices, we have the tools and the information to make real-time adjustments to maximize our profitability. We will remain disciplined, invest wisely and constantly evaluate market conditions to generate the most shareholder value. Now here is Bill to wrap up.
William Thomas: Thanks, Billy. EOG is a resilient company. And while we aren't completely immune to the level of demand disruption caused by the pandemic [Technical Difficulty].
Operator: Pardon me, this is the operator. It appears the main speaker line does not produce an audio. Please stand by for one moment [Technical Difficulty].
William Thomas: Yes, this is Bill.
Operator: Thank you, Bill. We missed the last part of your presentation, sir.
William Thomas: All right. In conclusion, EOG is a resilient company. And while we aren't completely immune to the level of demand destruction caused by the pandemic, we are prepared for it. Our financial structure is very conservative, and our capital-allocation process is hyper-disciplined.  This is an unprecedented downturn. U.S. oil production is in severe decline, and it could take years for domestic production to turn around. We believe that the historic and prolific oil production growth by U.S. shale may have been forever altered. And while the timing and level remains uncertain, we are confident demand will improve. Therefore, current prices are not sustainable. In the inevitable price recovery ahead, there is tremendous opportunity for EOG. With a strong balance sheet in hand, a culture that drives continuous improvement and our commitment to generate strong returns with free cash flow, EOG will be ready to provide much-needed supply when prices show sustainable improvement. We don't believe there's a better company positioned to capture the upside as the oil market recovers. EOG will not only survive this downturn, but emerge as a stronger competitor in the global market. Thank you for joining us this morning. Our thoughts are with you as we navigate this pandemic together. We sincerely hope your family, friends and colleagues are healthy and safe. Operator, that concludes our remarks, so please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And today's first comes from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: Just wanted to ask in terms of the budget this year. Obviously, you cut it a couple of times here, clearly prudent response to oil prices. I, too, agree that oil prices are unsustainable at these levels on a global basis. If we were to see just a rapid increase, say, in oil prices as we got later in the third quarter and fourth quarter, would you guys consider adding more capital back late this year to get you guys a little bit more ready for growth mode in '21?
William Thomas: Yes. Leo, this is Bill. And I think we're going to be very cautious before we add capital this year. And it's unlikely that we would add any more additional capital until -- we want to get into 2021 and see how demand continues to recover. And so we wouldn't -- I don't think we're going to be adding any capital in the remaining of the year.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. And Bill, you certainly talked about emerging stronger from this pandemic. You kind of referenced potential M&A is an option. What do you think sort of other than kind of continuing to lower the cost structure of what you guys are doing, what are the other keys to kind of emerging stronger? And you think maybe there could be some likely M&A late this year, if there are opportunities?
William Thomas: Yes. I want to be -- I think we've been pretty clear over the years about M&A. We're not really interested at all in any, certainly, low-return M&A or acquisitions. It's really difficult. It has been historically as everybody knows M&A market. It's very difficult to make a good acquisition and generate a strong return at the same time. And everything we do, as you know, EOG, we're totally focused on returns. And so every dollar we spend, every deal we do has to be competitive on a return basis. And it's very difficult to compete with organic exploration effort. We're adding a lot of very low-cost acreage that we believe contains drilling inventory that will be better accretive to the quality that we have now. So it's very unlikely we'll do certainly a large M&A. We do small bolt-on acquisitions to supplement our exploration efforts just to get low-cost acreage. But large M&As are really not, in our view, competitive. Other than the cost reductions that we're making, obviously, we've spelled out a lot of those here, Billy has, we continue to be very innovative all over the company. We continue to see excellent technical work and a focus on innovation and new ideas. And those are just coming out in multiple areas of the company, completion technology, a lot of great geotechnical work going on in the company. And we haven't taken our eye off of our exploration effort, and I'm going to ask Ezra Yacob to maybe comment on that a little bit.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Bill. As everyone knows, we entered the year with a pretty exciting exploration program. We're focused on capturing positions in basins where we capture the Tier 1 position, and we're working plays that we think will be improving the inventory quality with low decline and certainly low-cost plays. And we're -- we entered this year with a plan of testing and leasing in 10 different prospects. And we've obviously reduced our exploration budget this year, commensurate with reductions across other categories. But we're still planning to progress each of those prospects a little bit this year. We'll remain flexible as we do. But really, the purpose, as Bill said, is that these all have the potential to add significant long-term value creation for the business and for our shareholders. And as Bill pointed out, we've all seen here, over the past, say, 6 or 8 weeks since our employees have been working from home, is really just an amazing effort from all of them on the development side and the exploration side to come up with and generate new ideas. And we just couldn't be more impressed or commend the employees for their efforts on that.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: We appreciate the specificity on guidance for production for the remainder of the year and the quantification of the expected shut-in. When we look at the production, excluding the shut-ins, second quarter's oil production is implied down about 19% from the first quarter. Can you just talk to the drivers of that and whether to use that 19% as indicative of an annualized natural decline, whether there are other factors that are influencing that?
William Thomas: Brian, I'm going to ask Billy to comment on that.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Good morning, Brian. The way I would look at that, we're still -- I would still like to emphasize that our annual decline rate that we've provided in previous guidance of 32% is still accurate and true. The shape of that on a quarter-to-quarter basis depends a lot on the nature and the timing of when you bring on wells prior to that. So it can be a little bit -- it can fluctuate quite a bit. It can be a little bit lumpy as you might think of it. It's strictly depending on the timing of bringing on wells in a quarter or two prior to that. So naturally, it's a little steeper at the first part of the life of a well and then flattens out later in the life. So that's kind of what you're seeing in the second quarter. I wouldn't take the decline you're calculating there. That 19% is an indication of a change in our quarterly or annual decline that we've given you in the past.
Brian Singer: Great. And then my follow-up is both an EOG and then a broader question with regards to maintenance capital and shale supply cost. How much of the $3.4 billion of the maintenance capital do you think includes cost reductions you believe are secular versus cyclical? You talked about, I think, 8% cost reductions coming from here to well cost and wondering whether that was factored into the $3.4 billion. And then I guess that the lower maintenance capital, you and other companies are highlighting reflect another large step down in the supply cost for EOG and shale generally? Or is it just a function of the market and the low oil price environment that we're in?
William Thomas: I'm going to ask Billy to talk about the first part of the question.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Brian. So just to be clear, our $3.4 billion maintenance capital we talked about is to maintain the 420,000 barrels a day we plan to exit the fourth quarter at. And to give you a little more color on how we calculate that, that does not anticipate the cost savings that we've talked about here today. We are -- our capital programs are based on the kind of a backward-looking actual well costs that we've been able to attain to date and doesn't bake in costs, anticipated cost savings on a go-forward basis. So in light of that, I think there's -- we always think about that as potential upside to achieve better results. So our capital plan this year and our capital plan or the maintenance cost that we've quoted here, the $3.4 billion, doesn't bake into the 8% cost savings that we're talking about in this call. In addition to that, I think it's important to know that the $3.4 billion, just to go back to that, it's maintained the 420,000 barrels a day that we're exiting the year-end.
William Thomas: On the second part of that question, Brian, as we look at the whole industry, there certainly are companies that are doing a good job continuing to lower costs, but we believe there's a really small set of those because it really takes scale. It's probably one of the biggest drivers to be able to continue to lower cost. A lot of the cost reductions are certainly in infrastructure in a very continuous drilling program and completion program, et cetera, et cetera. I think really -- so I think a few companies, as I kind of commented in the opening remarks, we believe there will be less companies after this downturn than there were before. We think they'll be more disciplined. Certainly, there'll be more -- there'll be less capital employed in the shale business. But we believe, as we said, that EOG is going to emerge as a leader. And most of our cost reduction, nearly all of our cost reduction, is driven internally through the technical innovation in the company and the efficiencies. We just -- there's a lot of data in our IRR chart that shows the amount of stages per day. Certainly, the feet per day on drilling, et cetera, et cetera, as well as -- I want to note, maybe there's a slide in the Powder River Basin, on our recent completions in the Mowry, in the Niobrara, where our completion technology is certainly making a huge difference in the well productivity. So most of the improvements in EOG are driven from our internal culture and our innovation and our just desire to always continue to get better. We have a very sustainable model and culture, and we do not see any end in sight in EOG getting better.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: I appreciate the sentiments you expressed there at the end of your prepared remarks, and I just reflect that back to you and everyone there at EOG. One question, I was a little bit surprised to see that you guys still are forecasting some shut-ins to go into 4Q. And I'm curious if you could kind of characterize what sort of production that is that's still shut in 4Q. I could see an argument for it being the last sort of legacy vertical wells to come back on, but I could also see an argument for it being high-rate wells that you want to deliver to the strongest market. So I wonder if you could add some color there.
William Thomas: Charles, I'll ask Billy to comment on that.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Charles, so that's a good question. I'm glad you asked it. It's -- the 20,000 barrels a day that we referenced that would likely still be shut in, in the fourth quarter, is simply wells that have some form of expense that's required to bring them back on production. For instance, you have a lot of reasons why production goes down. These are wells that might have to replace gas lift valve in downhole or maybe a hole in the tubing or things that require some expense work-over to bring back to production. And we just haven't made the decision yet to expend the capital or the expense dollars to bring those wells back to production until we see the margins improve to a point where we would do that. So for the sake of the plan, we just assume those wouldn't be brought back on until next year.
Charles Meade: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe perhaps related to that, it's interesting to me that, Bill, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you guys have gone ahead and completed wells but are waiting to turn them to sales. And that's a little different from what we're -- what I've heard from a number of other companies that are maybe just electing to build DUCs and not complete. And I'm wondering if that's just a function of you guys wanting to honor your commitments to frac crews or if that's actually expression of some other view about the best way to leave your well or the response time that you want to have when you do see a price signal?
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Charles, this is Billy, again. So the way I would think about that is 2 things. I guess, we started -- as the downturn started to happen, we were in the process, of course, of completing several wells. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we dropped our frac fleet count quite considerably there at the start of the year. But we still had wells that were in the process of being completed or just being completed. We elected to not bring those on production at a time when prices were falling so steeply. And likewise, as we continue to cut our frac count down, I think we're running about 5 today, then, those wells, as they're finishing up to completions, we're not bringing those wells on either. So it's just built up, I'd say, an inventory of wells that are in that category that we're waiting on the right timing as to when we view the market fundamentals improving and being constructive going forward to bring those wells on production.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. One is either for Bill or Billy. I think one of the silver lining of the COVID-19 is that it triggered a lot of creativity, and you guys certainly have done a lot of that, as you mentioned. So what have we learned from this whole episode? And what is the -- some of the best practice that may impact your future how you run your operation?
William Thomas: Yes, Paul. This is Bill. Every situation -- I've been with the company over 40 years, and I've been through a number of these downturns. This is certainly the most unique one that we've ever experienced. What it is really -- what we've really seen inside the company is the tremendous value that our information systems and technology has allowed EOG to make a very granular evaluation of everything we do. Every well in the company, we know about it. We have all the data. And through our decentralized organization, we've been able to analyze down to a very granular level everything we're doing. And so we've learned how important it is to have a great information systems and technology and how effective our employees have been to perform -- and most of them are working from their homes, like everybody else in the world. So that's been a great experience for us on a learning curve. And we see areas in that we can continue to improve and get better in. I think on the technical side of it, we just do not see any end in the advancements coming from the company because, as you all know, EOG, all the ideas all the creativity, all the improvements in the company are from every -- really, every person in the company. It's not from the top down, it's really from the bottom up. And everybody is engaged. And the communications have been really good. We're using Microsoft Teams to have big meetings, divisional meetings and department meetings and meetings between different groups in the company, and that's working out really well. And so it's been a learning experience, but I think we're fortunate to have a lot of that in place, but it's -- we can see some areas in that process that we can continue to improve in.
Paul Cheng: Bill, you said a couple of examples, you can say that in the post-COVID world -- I mean, at some point that we will come out from that, that you think it will fundamentally change because of the experience that you learned will be fundamentally changing how you manage your business? Any process or any example that you can cite?
William Thomas: I think the fundamentals of the company, return-driven, certainly committed to generating strong free cash flow, maintaining the balance sheet, a strong balance sheet, spending within our means and then focus on returns--we are so focused on returns--those things are not going to change. Those are the fundamentals that drive our business. I think the changes that you see in EOG are just the organic changes that are happening every day as we continue to just gather data and analyze it and apply it.  And I think those are the things that make EOG who we are. So I don't see those things changing. We're focused on totally getting better literally every day. And we believe the opportunity in front of us, because we believe this unique downturn has been so severe, we believe our opportunities will be greater in the future than they've been in the past.
Paul Cheng: A final question for me, a short one. On the curtailment, can you tell us that maybe how is the regional or basin split? And also that whether all the curtailment is essentially shut-in or you're moving some of the well production?
William Thomas: Paul, I'll ask Billy to comment on that.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Paul. So the way we go about analyzing our business to shut-in wells is at a very granular level. All of our areas are operating in the same manner. We have the tools, as Bill described, the information technology to gather the information, analyze it and push that decision down to the lowest level in our organization to understand the profit margins on every well throughout the company. So with that information, we can make decisions on when and where best to shut-in wells to maximize our cash flow at any given time. So the shut-ins occur on economics based on that way. We also analyze things from a market perspective in the same manner. We have the same information to understand the markets we can take the products to, how to maximize our netbacks for every product on a well level. And so we can do the same kind of analysis from a marketing perspective. And simply part of that decision is making a larger rate-of-return decision that helps us think about, is it better to produce most of that volume into a more volatile and lower-priced environment or based on a macro outlook for the product? Is it best to wait a month or two or potentially longer to bring that production back on? And so I'd say most of the production falls into that realm. And it's made pretty much on every basin across the company in every area. So that's how we analyze it. It's a very granular look across the company. It takes a lot of effort. All of our -- it goes back to the culture of the company, though. And we have so many engaged employees that are really committed to the company and making sure we all do the best thing we can to continue to make the company better. So we couldn't be more proud of the people that we have to make it all work.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Neal Dingmann with SunTrust.
Neal Dingmann: My first question is just around your return requirements. I'm wondering, you all took certainly some major steps this quarter in curtailing existing production suspending D&C. I'm just wondering, are your margin -- Bill, are your margin requirements different when you look at bringing those curtailments back versus thinking about ramping up the D&C activity?
William Thomas: When we look at when we're going to bring wells to shut-in or new wells on, we're really just looking at the strip. And we obviously stay very engaged really daily, weekly basis on the world events and the macro view of oil. And so when that becomes more positive and we get more firm that that's sustainable recovery, that's when we'll begin opening things up. We don't have an exact number on the margin. We're just looking for the trends. And then certainly, we're not, as Billy has talked about what we've done, we're not interested in selling our oil at the lowest part of the market. When there's a steep contango in the prices, there's no use selling it now when we can get double in a few months. So that's really -- that's all we're doing on that in that area.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. And then just one last question. You definitely hit this quite a bit, but just on activity. I was looking back in '16, it looked like, I think you all had gotten down to, I think, 9 or 10 rigs during that time when we were around $26. And I'm just wondering, does some of that decision on sort of D&C activity and all and just pure, I guess, activity and all, come to how many of these premium locations you have? Or is it simply, Bill, what you had just mentioned, just not wanting to produce into sort of this environment? I guess I was just sort of comparing today versus 2016 maybe and maybe you could just tell us a little color on how you're looking differently at these two periods at this point?
William Thomas: Well, certainly, we're not limited by inventory. That -- we have a tremendous inventory. Like we said, we've got 4,500 locations already identified that will do a 30% rate of return at $30, and I'm sure that will grow over time. So that's not the issue at all. Really, our investment pace every year is set on a very conservative price deck in our view of the macro. And the limitations on that are we want to generate free cash flow. We want to spend within our means and generate free cash flow and maintain an impeccable balance sheet, and also, obviously, generate very, very high rates of return. So those are the things that guide us. And so in this particular instance, we're just looking for a bit of better view of the future and what the recovery is going to look like, not only in the price but what's U.S. shale going to look like and then where is our spot in there. We think we'll continue to be the leader in returns and continue to be the company that continue to add very, very significant value.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is probably a follow-up to Charles' and Neal's question. It seems to us that EOG is just taking a more aggressive approach on production shut-in than others. And I know it all depends on your macro view and whatever contracts or lease stuff you have or any related shutdown or start-up costs, but do you have an estimate on the NPV uplift for the year for doing the shut-ins and the well deferral versus maybe the business-as-usual case with no shut-ins and no deferrals?
William Thomas: Jeanine, I don't -- no, we don't have a number. We can certainly calculate that, but it's more just common sense. We just don't like giving our oil away. We want to make money. We're focused on returns, and we believe just waiting a few months or a quarter that we could get twice as much for oil than we are today. And so it's really just a common sense approach and a return focus and our view on a market that's improving.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. And then my second question is, I know we're in the middle of an oil rally here, but we're still only at, call it, $25 WTI. If we see a pullback in oil prices, to what extent are you willing to lean on the balance sheet to support long-term value? I know you're not trying to maximize dollars today or tomorrow, but in terms of the long term, if we see the pullback, is there a point where it becomes just too detrimental to long-term value to keep cutting CapEx? And if so, kind of, what is that level?
William Thomas: Yes, Jeanine, we certainly have a lot of flexibility to continue to cut capital. I'm going to ask Billy to comment a bit on that.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Jeanine. So we cut back to the level we did to basically be able to do the things Bill talked about, make sure we generate a rate of return and generate free cash flow and while we see the commodity price outlook today. If that changes and we feel like that we need to cut more, certainly, we have that flexibility to do so and would continue to push that lever down throughout the end of the year, depending on the outlook. So we could still try to manage within cash flow, even with prices stay lower for longer.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Bill, we've seen a lot of different approaches to shut-ins with EOG, Conoco, Exxon and Chevron announcing significant shut-ins. I was wondering how clear is this the decision to shut-in versus not? And I'd also just want to see if you could address one of the questions that came in last night, was just the execution risk in shutting down hundreds, maybe thousands of wells and then restarting those consistent with what you've guided to in the deck.
William Thomas: Yes, Arun. I'm going to ask Billy to comment on the execution part.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Arun, thanks for the question. Yes, I think, as we talked before, one of the unique things that we built the company around is our ability to gather data and analyze it very quickly and have that information basically in the hands of every employee in the company, including at the field level. So the actual execution of being able to shut-in and bring back the wells on is fairly painless. It's very simple exercise by communicating that data down to the people out there in the field to be able to make those actions happen. So that effort is very easy to do.  As far as any risk of shut-ins, there's really not any risk in our part. I think the cost of shutting in the wells is very minimal, if not 0. The cost of bringing the wells back on is kind of the same thing. And we could actually have all the wells back on production in just a matter of days because, you have to remember, we are a decentralized organization. We have these assets across the country, we have people managing those assets that are very capable and committed to making sure that we do the best things we can, as quick as we can, safely. So the effort is very easy to attain with the culture of the company that we have and the operations we have set up.
William Thomas: And I would just -- this is Bill. Just one more comment on that. I think we have multiple years and years of experience of shutting in wells for different lengths of time. And we've got a chart in the IR deck that shows, on these shale wells, there's absolutely no damage when you shut them in and bring them back on for -- whether it's two weeks or two months, we feel very confident about that. So we just view shutting-in as just well-cost storage. That's the lowest-cost storage that we can come up with. And it's a great way to manage your business, especially in a price environment like we're in.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, that's a clever way to think about it. Just a quick follow-up. You guys cited the $3.4 billion sustaining capital for the 4Q exit rate at $4.20. How fully loaded, Billy, is that $3.4 billion? I know you talked a little bit about the ability to even maybe push that down based on incremental cost savings, but how fully loaded is that CapEx number?
Lloyd Helms: It's in keeping with how we would run our business. So it's -- the way I would think about it is maybe a little more high-graded than it was in the $4.1 billion capital plan that we announced some time ago that people might remember. In that previous maintenance capital plan, it was pretty much designed to keep each division kind of operating flat. This one is truly -- we're going to go to the wells that have the highest return at today's prices. And so it is a little bit more high graded you might think of. It's still spread across multiple basins, though. So I wouldn't jump to the conclusion as just one area. It's still spread across multiple areas. And it includes the infrastructure and facility costs and ESG spending and those kind of things that we typically would include in a normal budget, just maybe at a little bit lesser scale.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: I hope everyone is doing well out there. Bill, you made a number of comments, if I could read them back to you. U.S. shale is forever altered. This is a unique downturn, and there's been a price war. So my question is, can you share with us what that means for your go-forward strategy? And you kind of know what I'm getting at here as the U.S. is doing 50% and Saudi removed the lowest-cost barrels off the market. So it sounds like there's a little bit of a pivot here, and I'm just wondering if you -- if I'm reading that right, if you can walk us through how you see the right mix of reinvestment, growth, cash flow. And I've got a follow-up, please.
William Thomas: Yes, Doug. I think, looking into the future, as we said, we believe there's going to be a structural change in U.S. shale. There's going to be less players. I think, certainly, the industry is becoming more disciplined, and it will be even hyper-disciplined coming out of this downturn. So we believe there's going to be significant less capital invested in growth in the U.S.. And so -- and certainly, there will be substantially less growth. We have a hard time seeing that the U.S. production will be able to, certainly, in the next several years, get back up to the levels we've been just a few months ago. So in that lies a tremendous opportunities for the companies that survive, and it's an enormous opportunity for EOG. If you look back on our last 3 years, we've generated an industry-leading return on capital employed of 14%. We generated $5.6 billion of free cash flow, and we returned $3.3 billion back in shareholder-friendly ways with substantial dividend growth and debt reduction. And over that last 3-year period, we've increased our proven reserves by 55%. And we've accomplished this all with an average WTI oil price, WTI oil price of $58. So fundamentally, we're not going to change. We're -- as we've been talking about, we're return-driven and believe in a strong balance sheet. And we believe we're improving at a rate much faster than we have in the past and that we're going to emerge a much better company in the next recovery. So we're going to continue to stick with our fundamentals, evaluate the market conditions and continue to create value.
Douglas Leggate: I appreciate the answer. My follow-up is going to be a related question because I'd just like to press you a little bit on this. Because the $58 oil price, Bill, was subsidized by Saudi. And the U.S. growth rate, in my opinion, is no longer going to be tolerated, and obviously, you've been a larger part of that growth. So everything -- there's no issue around the operational capability of the company. You are clearly the leader, if not one of the leaders, in the industry. The issue is whether the business model continues to reinvest 90% of its cash flow and grow, in the words of the Texas Railroad Commission, at a wasteful level in excess of reasonable demand. So the question is really not about your capability, it's about the behavior coming out the other side of this. Going from 36 rigs to 6, do we see you go back to that level of growth? Or do we see you rightsize the organization to pivot more to [indiscernible] what I'm getting at? Because that $58 you referred to was Saudi taking the lowest-cost barrels off the market.
William Thomas: Well, I mean, let me make one correction there right off the bat. We've invested about 80% of our cash flow, which is about a really good level. We've been very committed to generating substantial amount of free cash flow. We paid off all that debt, increased our dividend, end of the year last year with $2 billion of cash on the balance sheet. So we haven't been spending all our cash. We've been very disciplined in generating tremendous value with that. As we go ahead and we look to the future, again, we think it's going to be different. So we'll certainly -- we'll be continuing to evaluate that and continue to stick with our fundamentals and see what's the best way for EOG to continue to generate significant value.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Bill Thomas for any final remarks.
William Thomas: Thank you. In closing, I just want to say, we've never been so proud of the employees of EOG. The way you have responded to this historic COVID-19 crisis has been outstanding and heroic. During every downturn in my over 40 years with EOG, the company responds with record-breaking improvements. Sooner or later, this crisis will be over and oil will recover. We believe EOG will emerge with the ability to be a stronger and a higher-return company than ever before. Thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to EOG Resources Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions, as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to US investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. For the call this morning, we want to cover three topics. First, Bill Thomas will review the characteristics of EOG that have contributed to our long-term sustainable success; second, I will discuss our financial strategy; and third Billy Helms will review the outstanding 2019 operating performance and the 2020 plan. Here's Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim, and good morning everyone. In times of uncertainty, EOG's sustainable business model is well suited to navigate a volatile environment. In fact, we are more confident in EOG's future today than we've ever been in the history of the Company. With our strong balance sheet and flexibility, EOG is better positioned now, both financially and operationally to weather the storms than it's ever been in the past. Our operational performance last year was the best in the Company history, and we believe EOG's performance in 2020 will be even better than 2019. With an industry-leading return on capital employed of 12% in 2019, we beat our plan in every respect. Capital spending was below plan, volumes were over plan, and per unit operating expenses declined more than forecast. We grew oil production at a lower cost per barrel than ever before and delivered on our goal of double-digit returns and double-digit growth in a modest oil price environment. The Company also generated nearly $1.9 billion of free cash flow, defined as our discretionary cash flow less our total cash capital expenditures. That cash flow funded the retirement of $900 million of debt and the payment of $588 million in dividends. We accomplished all this with oil prices averaging $57 a barrel. Today, due to our confidence in the future performance of the Company, we are increasing the dividend again for the third year in a row by another 30%. With this increase, our dividend has more than doubled since 2017 and represents an annual return of cash to shareholders of more than $800 million in 2020. Our confidence in this Company's future is based on two unique characteristics of EOG. The first is our culture and the second is our premium investment standard. These two qualities drive our Company and give EOG a unique and sustainable competitive advantage. EOG's culture is the foundation of our long-term success. First and foremost, we are return-focused which drives disciplined capital allocation. Our decentralized organization supports an entrepreneurial mindset to drive bottom-up value creation. We embrace technology and innovation to make better wells for lower cost. Counter intuitively, our capital efficiency improves year after year, because we don't consider this a manufacturing process. We pride ourselves on being a responsible operator, good to employees, our communities, our partners and our vendors. We embrace technology and innovation in every aspect of the Company, including reducing our environmental footprint. EOG's culture is our Number 1 competitive advantage and has driven our strong historical success and we are confident it will continue to drive success in the future. The second unique characteristic of EOG is our premium investment standard, which is rooted in our return-focused culture. The premium well strategy dictates that a well isn't a well unless it earns at least 30% return at an oil price of $40. Requiring our hurdle rate of 30% for direct capital ensures that once full cost is applied, we earn a healthy double-digit all-in return. We believe our premium standard is one of the most strict investment hurdle rates in the industry and positions EOG to be one of the lowest cost producers in the global energy market. Our premium inventory is growing faster than we drill it and the quality of the wells we are adding to the inventory is improving. To illustrate this point, after three years of adding premium inventory, our medium premium well today, actually yields a direct a-tax rate of return of over 55% at $40 flat oil prices. With a $50 oil price, the median return soars to more than 80%. The combination of our ability to replace and improve our inventory while continuously lowering cost at the same time is why we are so excited and confident about EOG's future. Premium drilling delivers exceptional capital efficiency that has allowed EOG in a modest oil price environment to grow oil volumes at strong double-digit rates and generate significant free cash flow at the same time, a financial profile that is competitive with the best companies in the S&P 500. For 2020, our goal is to continue to create significant shareholder value through discipline investment and high-return premium wells, while ensuring the capital program and dividend payments can be funded at a conservative oil price. In response to lower oil prices, we reduced capital allocation to premium drilling and oil production growth versus 2019. However, we did not slow down investments in projects that we believe will improve the future of the Company. These include drilling and testing a number of new large plays to improve our inventory, building infrastructure to lower operational costs, and investing in projects that will lower future GHG emissions. It's important to note that our 2020 all-in capital efficiency, including infrastructure and exploration is better than 2019, consistent with our commitment to getting better every year. At an oil price of less than $50, our disciplined capital plan of $6.5 billion supports growth in crude oil production of 12%, sets the Company up for better returns in the future and comfortably funds the dividend. Finally, we want to review our environmental, social and governance performance. We made significant progress last year in both our ESG disclosure and more importantly our ESG performance. EOG is one of the lowest flaring intensity rates in the industry as recently reported by the Texas Railroad Commission. We're very excited about the level of innovation and degree of focus in the Company to drive further environmental improvements. We continue to expand our water reuse technology throughout the Company. We've been a leader in the use of electric frac fleets and continue to electrify our operations, replacing diesel generation where feasible. We are piloting the use of alternative energy sources such as solar to power compressors and reduce GHG emissions. And last but certainly not least, all these projects are expected to earn returns. We are optimistic that most, if not all of these efforts, and many others will help lower our GHG emissions intensity. To sum up, we hope you can see why we're so confident about EOG's future. Our unique culture and premium investment strategy, our competitive advantages that will drive our long-term operational, financial, and environmental performance and together underpin our long-term sustainable success. Next up is Tim to review our 2019 financial performance and long-term financial outlook.
Tim Driggers: Thanks Bill. EOG had outstanding financial performance in 2019, demonstrating the resiliency of our business. Our 2019 return on capital employed was 12% with oil averaging $57 per barrel for the year and with meaningfully lower NGL and natural gas prices compared to 2018. EOG generated discretionary cash flow for the full year of $8.1 billion and invested $6.2 billion in exploration and development expenditures, resulting in full-year free cash flow of $1.9 billion. Proceeds from asset sales in 2019 contributed an additional $140 million. We paid $588 million in dividends and retired $900 million in debt. Cash on the balance sheet at year end was $2 billion and total debt was $5.2 billion for a net debt-to-total cap ratio of 13%, down from 19% at the end of 2018. The power of our premium well strategy can be seen in our financial performance for the last three years. We established the premium hurdle rate in 2016 and the strategies began paying off the very next year. Beginning in 2017, we have averaged 14% return on capital employed, a return measure that can be directly calculated from our financial statements using GAAP earnings; generated nearly $4.6 billion of free cash flow while growing US oil production by 64%; paid out $1.4 billion in dividends or 30% of free cash flow; and retired nearly $1.9 billion in debt, cutting our debt-to-cap ratio by more than half from 28% to 13%. Our focus at EOG is creating long-term shareholder value. The clearest way to realize this goal is to grow the business value of our Company over time while at the same time protecting that value through commodity price cycles. How do we do this? We compound attractive corporate level returns through disciplined growth while ensuring the Company remains profitable in lower commodity price environments. We analyze the model of the Company under numerous scenarios and the outcome from each of them is clear. By reinvesting and growing, EOG generates higher ROCE, higher cash flow, and higher free cash flow in the future and ultimately higher business value. The most tangible output of this strategy is the payment of a regular dividend. The payment of a growing sustainable dividend is the best way to return cash to shareholders and is an integral part of our successful business model, high-return reinvestment. EOG's dividend growth has grown at a compound annual rate of 22% over the last 20 years. I'm pleased to say we have never cut the dividend and never issued equity to support it. In the past three years, the adoption of our premium strategy has dramatically increased the capacity to pay a sustainable dividend in a volatile commodity environment and EOG has responded with healthy increases. We analyze the amount of the dividend under many scenarios. There is no simple formula. But one way you can think about it is consider the financial profile of the Company under various oil price environments. This is illustrated on Slide 9 of the investor presentation. In 2020, maintenance CapEx of $4.1 billion plus the dividend can be funded at an oil price of $40 per barrel. Maintenance CapEx is the amount of capital required to fund drilling as well as infrastructure requirements to keep oil production flat, relative to 2019 across all premium oil plays. Our premium strategy has dramatically lowered the cost structure, improved the capital efficiency of the Company and increased the capacity to pay a sustainable dividend. We are proud of the performance that allowed us to reward shareholders with sustainable dividends of more than 30% in the last three years. Looking ahead, the Board of Directors will ultimately evaluate the amount of the dividend each year, based on business conditions at the time and expectations for the future. Our goal remains the same, pay a growing sustainable dividend that represents a tangible return to shareholders from long-term value creation. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. Let me first start by saying that I'm extremely proud of the efforts and achievements of our talented employees for their tremendous execution in 2019. EOG delivered more oil for less capital in all four quarters of 2019. For the full year, we increased US oil production 15%, producing 5,000 barrels of oil per day more than we initially estimated at the start of 2019 with CapEx that was near the low end of the guidance. We achieved this with four fewer rigs and two fewer completion spreads than originally planned. Driven by efficiency improvements across our operation, total well cost declined 7% in 2019. Internally generated improvements came from every area of our operations, sparked by innovation from EOG's creative, decentralized organization. In our drilling operations, a good example is our premium drilling motor program. The program implemented in the Permian, led to a 50% reduction in motor failures in 2019, generating a cost savings of $20,000 per well. We are now implementing this program in the Rockies and Mid-Continent areas, joining the Eagle Ford, which has had a similar program for some time. Our drilling teams are also delivering performance improvements more consistently, which reduces downtime. As a result, our drilling times improved 17% across our 36-rig program. Our completion teams also delivered outstanding improvements in 2019 due to the employment of electric frac fleets and the use of diverter material. As a result, overall well performance increased and completion costs were down 15%. Our drilling and completion advancements last year were the primary reason we delivered higher production with lower capital cost expenditures. CapEx savings driven by well cost improvements in 2019 allowed us to invest more money in infrastructure projects and acreage acquisitions than the original plan. Investments in infrastructure like water handling systems have very high rates of return and payback quickly often within months and acquiring low cost acreage in our new exploration prospects will enable the Company to sustain the growth well into the future. Operating expenses also improved significantly in 2019, especially per unit LOE cost, which declined by 6% for the full year and a whopping 13% in the fourth quarter of 2019 versus the fourth quarter 2018. Savings from infrastructure investments supported these improvements. Use of diversion material in our completion designs was another driver of operating expense improvement. Diverter mitigates the risk of sand and water incursion into offset wells, reducing work-over expense. We had some great accomplishments in 2019 in our environmental and safety performance as well. Most importantly, we reduced the recordable incident rate by nearly 30%. We decreased our use of freshwater. For the total company, 75% of the water sourced from reuse was non-freshwater sources - 75% of the water sourced from reuse or non-freshwater sources decreased fresh water consumption by more than 25% versus the previous year. In the Permian, 98% of the water was from reuse or non-fresh water sources, reducing the freshwater consumed by more than 60%. We achieved a wellhead gas capture rate of over 98% across the Company, including the Permian Basin, performance we think places EOG among industry leaders. Now, just to comment on our reserves. Our 2019 capital program yielded more than 250% reserve replacement at a low finding cost of just $8.21 per BOE, excluding revisions due to commodity price changes. That finding cost is 12% lower than 2018. As a result, our proved reserves increased by 401 million barrels of oil equivalent or 14% year-over-year to 3.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Our permanent shift to premium drilling, focused on efficiencies driven by innovation and our unique culture while our capital efficiency continues to improve and how we've lowered our corporate finding cost to less than $8.50 per barrel of oil equivalent. The marketing team also did a phenomenal job last year to position EOG to capture the highest prices for our products, bypassing pinch points while avoiding the kinds of long-term, expensive commitments that narrow profit margins and constrain operational flexibility. In 2019, EOG sold its first cargoes of crude oil into the export market and we will build on that success in 2020 as our long-term export capacity for crude oil and natural gas continues to expand. In 2020, we will be able to successfully transport nearly all of our crude oil, natural gas and NGLs out of the basins where they are produced to capture the highest prices in the domestic markets while also accessing export markets for all these products for the first time. Looking ahead into our 2020 capital plan, due to the commodity uncertainty and - due to the current uncertainty in commodity prices, we reduced capital allocated to oil growth. However, we have allocated capital to fund investments that will continue to improve the Company, such as drilling to test and bring forward new play drilling potential that will improve the quality of our inventory, infrastructure to lower cost, and environmental projects to lower GHG emissions and increase water recycling. The plan allows us to accomplish several key objectives. One, our capital efficiency improves over last year. Our goal is to continue to get better every year and our premium strategy continues to transform the financial and operational efficiency of the Company. In fact, our capital efficiency is strong enough to carry the additional capital allocated to exploration and infrastructure, which will continue to improve future drilling returns, lower cash operating cost and lower the breakeven price needed to generate 10% ROCE. Number two, the plan is balanced at $50 oil, meaning we can fund capital expenditures and pay the dividend with discretionary cash flow. To be clear, we have a tremendous amount of flexibility to adjust our activity levels as we see how the commodity landscape plays out. Should we see oil prices continue to trend lower over the sustained period of time, we would reduce our activity and capital budget in order to generate free cash flow. At higher prices, we would not increase activity and our 2020 plan generates significant free cash flow. Number three, we are allocating capital to several key new exploration projects. Our 2020 program includes multiple exploration wells in at least six new plays along with additional leasing of low cost acreage. We are confident that our exploration efforts will add future high-return growth potential to our already deep inventory. And number four, we anticipate continued improvements in our operational efficiencies. We lowered well costs 7% last year and have set an initial goal to lower our well cost another 4%. We also expect to reduce LOE by another 2%. Our operating teams are highly focused on capturing additional efficiency gains in each area of our operation, and we anticipate that there will be some additional savings from service pricing as well. It's important to note that none of - that we have not included these potential savings in our 2020 plan. Finally, we are starting 2020 off just like we did in 2019, with CapEx slightly weighted to the first half of the year. We had excellent results in 2019 and we are confident that we will continue to continue that performance into 2020. We allocated capital to Trinidad infrastructure and environmental projects early in the year to allow the most benefit to this year's economics. We will continue to monitor the commodity markets and make adjustments to ensure we meet our objectives of generating free cash flow and solid returns. We have a great deal of flexibility to adjust as needed. Because of our decentralized organizational structure, multi-play portfolio, and deeply ingrained culture that fosters innovation, continuous improvement and growth, I'm highly confident EOG can sustain our success well into the future. Now here's Bill to wrap up.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Billy. In closing, I will leave you with these thoughts. First, our 2020 plan is set to perform even stronger than 2019. With improved capital efficiency, we are set to deliver strong high-return growth and investments that will strengthen the future of the Company. We are particularly excited about cost reduction and drilling a significant number of wells on several new large exploration plays that we believe will continue to improve our inventory. We see no end to improving the Company in 2020. Second, EOG's unique return-focused and innovative culture has proven for decades to deliver significant shareholder value. Our culture continues to improve and we'll continue to drive our future success. Third, our strict premium investment hurdle is the most stringent in the industry and a significant and unique competitive advantage that allows EOG to be one of the lowest cost operators in the global energy market. And finally, EOG has positioned better than ever to be the leader in ROCE and deliver double-digit growth with significant free cash flow through the commodity cycles. We are more confident and excited about our future now than we've ever been before. Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: And Bill, may I say thank you for the disclosure on sustaining capital that we've been asking for. It makes life a lot more transparent and a lot easier for us to figure out how we think about valuations so appreciate that on Slide 9 of your deck. My question is on the inventory. I guess, the Slides 12 and 13, again terrific disclosure, but can you just help us understand how - what the process is, excuse me - what the process is to translate the - I think you called it conversion potential of some 5,000 locations and what that visibility looks like longer term, because the only knock on your stock now that we constantly here is, while as you continue to grow and increase the pace, that inventory life is going to shrink. So, applying some kind of annuity valuation becomes problematic unless you've got that visibility. So, what is the process and what is the debt, I guess, is the question.
Bill Thomas: Yes, our inventory, when I think about EOG's inventory life, it's probably last on my list of things to worry about I'd say because the Company has just historically and continues to be a prolific generator of inventory. And since we started premium in 2016, we've just steadily increased the inventory up and currently it's 10,500 locations and we have an additional 5,000 locations that really are just on the verge of converting into premium. And I'm going to ask Ezra to give a little bit more color on about how we do this and then maybe talk about some of our additional inventory through our exploration.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. This is Ezra. Thanks for the question. As Bill pointed out, we have identified 10,500 premium locations right now which at our current pace of drilling represents about 13 years of drilling and then those 5,000 locations that you both pointed out with the conversion potential would add another six years at the current pace. So, going back to the conversion potential, I think, as Billy noted in the opening remarks, this past year, we were able to reduce well costs across the Company by approximately 7% and that's really the number one driver of converting those well locations and that's something we've done over the past four years is be able to lower well cost every year through not just reduced contract pricing, but dominantly through our increased operational efficiency and applying innovative technologies and capturing different parts of the value chain. So, that's the first way that we look to expand the inventory, the premium inventory. The second thing we do, which is a bit more challenging, of course, is through our exploration effort and that's an organic exploration effort where we're currently trying to add not only additional premium locations. We've really improved the quality of the locations. So as you mentioned on Slide 12, we've shown what the medium rate of return of our current premium well inventory is there at 58% rate of return on that premium price deck of $40 flat oil, $2.50 natural gas. So, what we're trying to do is really increase that and we're currently for the past 12 months to 18 months we've been leasing in - across 10 different prospects and as Billy mentioned in the opening remarks, we look to be testing about six of those this year and we're very excited about the progress of those exploration prospects and the potential that they could add to the inventory.
Doug Leggate: Thanks for the detailed answer guys. My immediate part B to that real quick, the maintenance capital number, what's the decline rate that goes with that?
Bill Thomas: I'll ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: It's - yes, the decline on the base production's 32%, Doug.
Doug Leggate: So my follow-up then is just a real quick one. Billy, it's also for you, I guess, because you talked about you wouldn't increase spending in a higher oil price environment. Well, I guess, the question that kind of follows from that is, are we seeing then a reset in your sort of base planning assumptions for the commodity because even we believe your stock is very undervalued here and I wonder if share buybacks becomes a consideration at some point.
Billy Helms: Yes, Doug. This is Billy. I may give you some thoughts and then maybe Bill want to answer, but since you directed the question to me, I guess, yeah, the point is that we're going to stay disciplined on our capital program. So, we'll certainly adjust downward if commodity prices show that this is going to last for a sustained period of time, but if they do rebound, we will not outspend our capital that we've allocated for this year and we're going to stay disciplined with that. And the reason is, we're going to - as we've stated in the past, we only continue to fund at a point which we can continue to get better. We have a lot of different agendas to try to improve this year and including the exploration projects we talked about and many of the other projects we've got under way, and we certainly want to see those through. So, if oil prices suddenly jump way up, we're not going to rush out and increase capital. So, our plan is really set based on conservative outlook at the time we set the plan and that's not going to change as we go through the year.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug, I'll just comment on your question about would we consider share buybacks and just reiterate our priorities really have not changed. Number one, as Tim talked about, the best way to create business value is there's no question about it anyway, you want to run it, is reinvesting a high rates of return and that's what we're committed to and that's what we really want to stay focused on. The next priority is sustaining and growing the dividend and we believe the dividend is the best way to return cash to shareholders over the long term and obviously we have been - demonstrated a very, very strong commitment to that this year and previous year. So, that's the way that we want to continue to focus on returning cash to shareholders.
Operator: And our next question will come from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, Bill, I was wondering if you could comment on how EOG is thinking about some of the demand impacts from the coronavirus and the state of the oil market today and what would be the Company's game plan if we did move into an environment where we have sustained oil prices caught in the low $40s for some bit of time?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Arun, certainly this is a huge world event and it's developing and we like everybody else is watching really daily the developments around the world and we certainly hope and pray it's a short-term event, but if it turned to a longer-term of that, as Billy said, we're in a fantastic position, Number 1. We got a great balance sheet and we are committed to that and that's certainly been a strength of EOG for years and years and years. And so, that puts us in a great position. And then, we're very flexible. We have an operational ability to adjust activity and I think I'll let Billy comment a little bit more about that, maybe some of the specifics.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun. So, the way I would add to that is we have the capability to adjust our rig activity and frac fleets down to really be in line with our sustainable CapEx or our maintenance capital numbers. So, we set out a plan that really allows us to capture the highest performing rigs and frac crews in the market, but we have a tremendous amount of flexibility to adjust downward if we need to. And so - and the same would apply to our allocation of capital to our infrastructure spend and another things. We have the same capability to adjust that downward if needed. So, we'd just be patient here and watch to see how the market unfolds and adjust accordingly.
Arun Jayaram: Bill, in your prepared comments you talked about some of the infrastructure spend, which is designed to lower your operating cost. I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit more color on the magnitude and the level of these investments. What exactly are you investing in on the infrastructure side?
Bill Thomas: Yes, the infrastructure is just very critical to build out that infrastructure ahead of the drilling, because it has significant well cost reduction and which certainly increases returns. It has a significant influence on lowering operating costs significantly also and it allows us to, I think, certainly market our products and get our products online, reduce flaring, just all kinds of tremendous benefits. So, really important to stay ahead of that. And maybe Billy you want - you can give a little bit more color on some of the specifics.
Billy Helms: Yes. On the specific side of that, Arun, as Bill mentioned, there is a lot of things that we'd like to fund and I would - all of these projects have a direct impact not only on our capital cost in the future of our drilling program, but also lowering our unit operating costs. So, I would point you to Slide 16 in our deck that shows in the last several years, we've reduced our cash operating expense tremendously, 33% percent since 2014. A large part of that decrease came from investment in infrastructure. It allows, even as Ezra talked earlier about our inventory and our ability to convert these wells to premium, part of that cost goes back to investing in infrastructure. So, there are things like the most economic part of that would be getting trucks off the road and reducing our transportation cost, getting water on pipe, oil and gas infrastructure in place, well ahead of the drilling program so that we minimize not only our capital cost for that upcoming year and future years, but also the biggest impact on lowering our full year's LOE and certainly our transportation costs. So, that's largely what it entails.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Morning, Bill and team. My first question's on your 2020 plan, specifically, how fluid is your allocation to the various high-return plays along with how actively you might change your well spacing and other development plans based on what the commodity prices do?
Bill Thomas: Neil, this is Bill. On the last point, I don't think we would change spacing that much based on the commodity prices, really, we're already basing our economics on all of our drilling on $40 flat oil. So, we're - even with a drop in price, we're still have a very strict reinvestment hurdle. So, that part we wouldn't really change too much. As far as the plays, the reason it's really easy for us to, I guess, ramp down activity is that we're in multiple plays. We're developing six plays out of multiple divisions. So, you just take one rig per play which is an easy reduction out of each play. It's really easy to do and it makes it really fluid. If you can take two rigs out of each play, that's 12 rig. So we haven't - because of our decentralized organization and multiple plays, it's not that difficult to systematically reduce as the commodity price changes.
Neal Dingmann: No, that makes sense. And then my second question, Bill, for you or the team is just on infrastructure. You all suggest in the release that you would allocate a bit more to infrastructure. I'm just wondering, will there come a time down the road where your infrastructure reaches a size where you can consider monetizing or does this remain too critical in keeping your costs lower?
Bill Thomas: I'll ask Billy to comment on that one.
Billy Helms: Yes, I would say that the infrastructure is just a critical component of our development activities on a go-forward basis and it really doesn't make sense for us economically or financially to monetize that because it is a big part. As I mentioned earlier, it's a big part of driving our unit costs down and improving our returns long term. So, we plan to - we look at each case independently to see where it makes sense for us to invest in that infrastructure versus others and a large part of that goes back to our need to control how we get those products to market also to capture the biggest prices in not only domestic markets, but also be able to export that as we need to.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: My first question's on the Eagle Ford shale. There has been much made about the shift from east to west within the portfolio and concerns over falling EURs. On Slide 42, you highlight the extent to which in well costs were lower in the Eagle Ford, which arguably offset some of that last year about 11% well cost reduction. In 2020, your target for well cost reductions is a bit more modest at 4%. And so, wanted to ask how you see well productivity playing out in the Eagle Ford in 2020 and your outlook for the trajectory for capital efficiency there.
Bill Thomas: Yes Brian. Thank you for the question on the Eagle Ford. I think the main thing that's really important on the Eagle Ford is that due to the dramatic cost reductions we continue to have there, our economics remain very, very, very strong. And so, Ken's the expert on the Eagle Ford. I am going to ask him to comment on specifics there.
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Brian. As we've moved to the west over the last few years, we've continued to lower the cost basis in the Eagle Ford and improve our returns. If you look at the cost basis, so everything that it takes us to find, develop, produce and market our oil there, you can see that cost basis has continued to reduce even though our percentage to the - going to the West has increased by several percent over the last few years. Out in the West, it's less structurally complex so we're able to drill longer wells and as we bring our cost reductions into that area along with our improved targeting and better completion strategies, we expect those costs to continue to reduce. Our field crew there in the Eagle Ford is just doing an outstanding job in driving those costs down.
Brian Singer: And so when net-net in 2020 then, just a follow-up - just - do you continue to see at or better capital efficiency when you think about the cost reduction potential and then how you see your well performance?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, we would expect to see actually better capital efficiency in 2020 than we saw '19 in the Eagle Ford.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And then my follow up is with regards to acreage acquisitions. You talked about that and some capital being earmarked for that this year again. Can you characterize what stage you're in there, the acreage that you - or the capital that you're earmarking, is that capital that is for - based on well results that you know of that are already meeting your return thresholds or is this acreage that is essentially being bought in advance of testing? And then, one of the items that's also on your list for use of excess cash is premium property additions and perhaps you can give an update on how that market looks.
Bill Thomas: Brian, I'm going to ask Ezra to comment on the acreage.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Brian. This is Ezra. As far as the acreage in the exploration plays, we really spent, I think, as I just mentioned the last 12 months to 18 months putting together acreage in what we consider to be the highest quality kind of the Tier 1, if you will, parts of these exploration plays and we've been doing that at relatively low cost, really, well under $1,000 per acre I'd say across all of those plays. And we've gotten at least six of those plays as we mentioned to a point where there will still be some additional acreage to put together, but we're at the point on those plays where we plan on drilling and testing those this year. And then, we will still be leasing across some of the other exploration plays as well and, obviously, with these exploration plays, just to keep our competitive advantage up, Brian, I don't want to say too much more than that.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Brian, as far as the maybe bolt-on acquisitions, we really don't plan on doing any significant bolt-ons this year, maybe as a few little really small ones in our exploration plays, but with the commodity prices what they are, we're going to be really careful with cash and make sure that we focus it on things that are going to generate super high returns.
Operator: The next question will come from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Just wanted to get a sense of whether or not in this type of market, which clearly has been quite weak, it feels a little bit like 2016 right now. Whether or not you guys would take advantage of your strong balance sheet to maybe look at some chunkier bolt-on M&A type situations like you did with the Yates back then.
Bill Thomas: Yes, I think we just talked about that. No, we don't really have any big plans to do any bolt-on or larger deals. We've been very fortunate as Ezra talked about. Over the last year and a half we've accreted a significant amount of acreage in a number of what we think are very, very high quality plays and we have accreted that at very low cost per acre. And so, we're going to be focused on testing those this year. How we increase in the exploration spend this year is all in drilling. So, we're really set up to test those this year and we're excited about adding new higher quality potential and improving our inventory through our exploration efforts.
Leo Mariani: And I guess just with respect to the well cost reductions, looks like you guys beat your target last year 5%, came in at 7%, new target here at 4% in 2020. Just wanted to get a sense of where do you kind of see as the high level kind of big drivers and I guess none of this is service costs in terms of what can lead to those cost reductions here in '20.
Bill Thomas: I am going to ask Billy to comment on that one.
Billy Helms: There are several factors. It's not one single thing as you ought to imagine. We're seeing certainly some softness in the tubular side. We'll be probably be about 8% lower on tubulars this year relative to last year. Certainly on the completion side of the business, that's probably the area of the biggest decreases we'll see this year and a large - part of that still is on sand cost that could be down again this year just due to mainly getting sand even closer to the wellhead than we did last year. And we are even seeing some softness in drilling rig rates. So, the biggest thing though, I think, that's going to drive that is just our continued push. So, those all were service-related issues. The biggest cost drivers will be on efficiency gains. We just continue to get better and better at everything we do, drilling wells much faster, the use of diverter, improving our completion efficiencies and lowering our well cost, those things all drive the biggest majority of our savings year-over-year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Two quick question. I think, Billy you have said that you may, if in the event that you need to reduce the activity level that you could be very easy to just maybe take out one rig per play, but is that the plan or that you will be more looking at, say, a particular play you're going to see more of the one or two is going to be target first or that you will be targeting on the infrastructure that we saw development spending?
Bill Thomas: Yes, if I understand the question, Paul, you're asking where would we reduce, would there be any specific plays that we would reduce more other or we would maybe look at infrastructure reduction? Billy can you comment?
Paul Cheng: That's correct.
Billy Helms: This is Billy. Just to give you a sense, we have a lot of flexibility in all areas. So, we would look at each part of our plan and accordingly adjust as we need to. So, it would be not only just drilling. It could be infrastructure projects as well. And we like to get out ahead of the drilling just to put in the infrastructure to maximize their benefit, but if we slowed down drilling in an area, we will certainly slow down infrastructure spend as well. So, that's one way to think about it. As far as one play relative to the other, as Bill mentioned earlier, it's really easy to adjust each play down and we'll certainly make those decisions when we see the market unfold. So, as we mentioned earlier, we'll just be patient and kind of watch to see what happens before we start making any adjustments.
Paul Cheng: The second question just, I think, the Cheniere LNG export term just starting up soon. So, can you tell us that, I mean, how much you pay for the toll and that the physical terms there? - going to get ramped to the 440 million cubic feet per day.
Ezra Yacob: First off, related to the contractual terms just due to the confidentiality, we can't disclose that, but I can walk you through a little bit of when that started up. So, we actually did start with Cheniere. We're excited about that and we actually had our first lifting on January 20. And so, that is 140 million a day that will be linked JKM. So that's started up in January. And then that will ramp up to 440 million a day with 300 million of that being linked to Henry Hub. So, that's currently what's in place today.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes, just coming back to the infrastructure question that some of your spend on facilities G&P and environmental projects to be about 20% of the total this year. How should we think about that over time? Where to kind of go at some of these strategic investment slate?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Billy will comment on that, Scott.
Billy Helms: We typically budget every year the overall infrastructure for our facilities in G&P. It's usually about 15% to 20% of our typical plan and this year we've allocated a little bit more closer to the 20% number as you just mentioned and that varies year to-year depending on where we are in the development of each play and our need for infrastructure to expand those plays and get our cost reductions that we anticipate. So this particular year, it's a little closer to the high end, but I think in general, it's usually between 15% and 20%.
Scott Gruber: And then, appreciate the disclosure on the maintenance CapEx. How should we think about the infrastructure percentage within that figure?
Billy Helms: It would probably...
Bill Thomas: Go ahead.
Billy Helms: Yes, it would probably be on the low end of that number, 15% to 20% that I mentioned earlier would be on the low end of that. Certainly we would - focusing on our core areas where we have a little need for additional infrastructure expansion and that would just remind you that that's a maintenance capital number for this year based on keeping this year's number flat.
Operator: The next question comes from Joseph Allman with Baird.
Joseph Allman: So, on the dividend, what analysis do you do to determine that the dividend is sustainable and to determine how much to increase it. I know Tim commented on this earlier, but like how many years do you look out, three years, five years, 10 years or more and what are the factors that you model and what type of stress testing do you do?
Bill Thomas: Yes, we'll ask Tim to comment on that.
Tim Driggers: Yes, when we model it, we model it on several different scenarios, but as far as how far out we look, we look out about five years because that's really about as far as you can look out as far as the strip goes to get an idea of what - how to model commodity prices and we stress test it on just about every metric you can imagine, to come up with a recommendation to the Board on where to move the dividend. And so then, as you can imagine, there is a lots of discussion around all that analysis and the Board either agrees with us or doesn't and then we move forward with that increase.
Joseph Allman: That's helpful, Tim. And then, on Slide 9, the maintenance CapEx slide, I assume that that's a dynamic metric. So, could you describe how that might change over the next few years?
Bill Thomas: We'll ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: So, it's important to understand how we come up with the maintenance capital number to start with. It's a very detailed bottoms-up approach, starting with this year's plan, our 2020 plan and then scaling that down in each one of our plays to make sure we maintain kind of flat growth in each one of our premium plays. So, that's kind of the approach. So each year certainly, depending on what our volumes were, would determine what that level of maintenance capital would be needed to replace or at least maintain the prior-year's production number. So again, this number would fluctuate just depending on what kind of target we're trying to hit, but we would approach it the same way. And then that - it's pretty important to note too that that covers both capital and the dividend at $40. So, it's a pretty good number. It just demonstrates the improvement in our capital efficiencies and basically, this assumes also that we don't see any improvements in either our production performance or additional gains and lowering well cost. So, it's taking the existing conditions as we have today.
Operator: Our next question will be from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Bob Brackett: You mentioned that inventory was last on the list of things that you worry about. Could you go to the top of that list and talk about the things specific to EOG that you worry about?
Bill Thomas: Well, Bob, of course, oil prices would be number one. It's always number one. So, that's the most difficult part in our volatile environment that we deal with. Really, the Company is in such fantastic shape, I don't really spend a lot of time up at night worried about the direction of the Company. As we said, we've got tremendous confidence in our ability to really continue to have very, very, very good success. And the main - and the reason is simply what we stated before is our culture. I mean we have a - I think a very unique incredible culture and the bottom and the value of the Company is bottom-up driven. It's not me driving it. It's not me making decisions on where to drill the wells or how do get the costs down. It's literally every person in the Company is a business person and we give them - they have the data. They have the ability to analyze it and make decisions, and it's just really the results that we have in the Company are very sustainable because they come from a 1,000 different places. And so, that takes the pressure off of me and it really is just a fantastic organization. So, that really is the basis of our confidence.
Bob Brackett: Okay. So, not much to worry about from that perspective. Thank you for that.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: This is Jeanine. My first question is on inventory quality, back to that Slide 13, where you show rate of return versus your premium well count at different oil prices. For that curve, what does the distribution look like by basin and can you point to kind of where 2020 - where that sits on the curve?
Bill Thomas: On the curve, the distribution of the wells, the returns is about the same at each one of our plays. It looks very much the same. We have single premium, double premium, triple premium wells in really every play that we're developing. And then our 2020 plan, the returns on our 2020 plan would reflect about the median there. When we look back on our scorecard for last year, our 2019 plan, our returns at the current prices are at $40 flat oil. We're about the median. So, that represents the median returns there which are 53% at $40 - I mean, 58% at $40 flat and an incredible 83% after tax rate of return at $50 flat oil prices are about the returns that we're getting on our drilling program.
Jeanine Wai: That's really helpful. My second question is on the balance sheet and maybe we're just being a little too nuanced here but we noticed that there was a slight change in messaging on the debt reduction program from I think the slide went from targeting $3 billion in debt reduction to quote evaluating options for current maturity. So, can you just provide a little color on this whether you have any new debt or cash target in response to the macro view and I guess the reason why we're asking is because we had thought that getting through your $3 billion debt reduction program was potentially a trigger for doing share buybacks or other things of the free cash flow.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Tim will comment on that.
Tim Driggers: Yes. So, there was a slight change there and the reason was where we're at in the commodity cycle. We will pay off our two bonds that come due this year. One is due April 1 and the other's June 1. They are $500 million each. So, obviously we'll pay those off. We'll then evaluate where the market is currently and where it looks like it will be going long term to see where commodity prices are going and make a decision, a prudent decision whether or not to refinance those bonds or not. The goal is still to pay off $3 billion over that period of time, but we have to be prudent and look at the conditions at the time and decide where to go.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Thomas for any closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Well, first of all 2019 was the best operating performance in the history of the Company and that is just due to - just what we've been talking about is to everybody in EOG. So, thank you to everybody in EOG for doing a fantastic job. We're excited about carrying that momentum into 2020. The Company's got a great balance sheet. We've got operational flexibilities we've talked about, industry-leading premium inventory and a unique EOG culture. So, the Company is set to weather the storms and weather the downturns and to continue to deliver strong results in the future. We're really excited about where we are and where we're headed. So thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to EOG Resources Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2019 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated resource potential and other estimates of potential reserves, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are: Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing; David Streit, VP Investor and Public Relations. Here's Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim and good morning everyone. EOG has a deeply rooted competitive advantage and that is our culture. Our culture drives innovation and a long history of continuous improvement and success. Most importantly, our culture drives resiliency. In an ever-changing business environment, we have demonstrated this resiliency time and time again during the past 20 years, as we will continue to do so moving forward. In the 1990s when vertical prospects were in short supply, our culture fostered innovations that made EOG our first-mover in horizontal shale gas technology. As natural gas prices came under pressure in the late 2000s, we introduced horizontal shale oil with the Eagle Ford discovery. As a result of our first-mover advantage, EOG is now the largest onshore oil producer in the Lower 48 states and among the lowest cost producers in the world. In the wake of a pronounced commodity price down cycle beginning in late 2014 the company has remained a leader in low-cost, high-return oil growth by switching to a premium drilling strategy. Our premium strategy uses a strict investment hurdle that produces strong economic returns using a flat $40 and $2.50 natural gas price scenario ensuring that the company will generate strong financial performance even in commodity down cycles. After our third consecutive quarter of exceptional results, we believe that EOG's 2019 operational performance will be the best in company's history. To reflect our year-to-date performance, we have raised our U.S. oil growth target from 14% to 15% along with lowering our well cost and per unit operating cost targets. Strong well results have compounded the benefit of cost reductions to further improve capital efficiency, allowing EOG to deliver strong above target production growth with lower-than-expected capital investment. With confident strong returns in growth in the third quarter, the company delivered over $330 million of free cash flow after paying the dividend. EOG continues to deliver returns, growth and free cash flow competitive with the best companies in the S&P 500. In addition to outstanding operating results, we continue to organically grow our premium well inventory in both size and quality. This quarter we added 1700 premium net wells which represents a replacement rate of more than 2 times our 2019 drilling program and brings our total premium drilling inventory to 10,500 net wells. That is more than 14 years of drilling at our current pace. EOG's diverse assets and exploration-led business model position the company to navigate political and regulatory changes. The company maintains tremendous flexibility to adjust operations and activity across 6 different basins and has identified over 5,400 premium well locations representing more than 7 years of premium drilling on nonfederal acreage. In the Permian, one of our most active drilling areas approximately 90% of our federal acreage position is held by legacy production and we have 11 years of premium inventory on nonfederal leases. The 3.2 million net acres of nonfederal leases in the U.S. which is approximately 75% of the company's total acreage, we are confident that we will continue to organically grow our premium inventory in size and quality much faster than we can drill. EOG has approached reducing environmental footprint in the same manner that it continues to improve operational performance. The company looks to innovate through returns focused initiatives aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions and expanding water reuse throughout our operations. Last quarter we introduced our pilot project for a combined solar and natural gas-powered compression station in the Delaware Basin. This is just one of the many projects that our team is working on that, we believe will contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and generate positive economic returns. EOG and its employees are committed to environmental stewardship. We believe we are a leader in our initiatives to address environmental stewardship and we are focused on finding new opportunities to continue to improve going forward. Finally as we close in on the end of the year, our focus begins to turn to 2020. While it's too early to discuss specifics of our plan next year, we can say the following: number one, our priorities have not changed. We firmly believe that investing in high-return production growth, generating substantial free cash flow and delivering strong dividend growth delivers the highest long-term business value. Number two, our plan is based on a conservative outlook for commodity prices. At $55 WTI we can deliver mid-teens production growth, grow our dividend and generate significant free cash flow. Number three, we believe well cost and per unit operational costs will continue to decline. Number four, we believe capital efficiency and F&D costs will continue to improve. Number five, we have high confidence in the ability of our organic exploration efforts to add and improve our premium drilling inventory faster than we are drilling. And number six, we have no plans for large expensive M&A. Any potential bolt-on acquisition must compete with our premium drilling returns. As we look to the future we know that the business environment will continue to change. But our competitive advantage is rooted in our culture, ensure that we can meet these challenges head on. EOG is a resilient company that will continue to differentiate itself as a leader among any company in any sector of the S&P 500 by creating significant long-term value for our shareholders. Next up is Billy to review our third quarter operational performance and outlook for the remainder of 2019.
Billy Helms: Thanks Bill. For the third quarter in a row we exceeded expectations delivering more oil for less capital than we forecasted at the start of the quarter. Oil production beat the high end of our target range at over 464,000 barrels per day and we spent less capital than expected coming in right at the low end of the target range of $1.5 billion. Well performance continues to drive production to the high end of our estimates. As discussed during the second quarter call the primary reasons for the improved well performance are enhanced completion designs along with the use of diverters and a heightened focus on target selection. Capital expenditures continue to trend to the low end of expectations as our operating teams identified new techniques to lower well costs to improve capital efficiency. As of the third quarter, I can report that we have achieved our year-end goal of reducing well cost by 5%. We believe the cost reduction to be sustainable as it is driven by continued efficiency improvements not service cost reductions. For example if you look at our two most active plays; the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford the average time to drill a well has collectively been reduced by 20%. As our drilling teams maintain their steady push to reduce drilling times, we require fewer rigs to execute our program compared to last year. Specifically, we now plan to only average 36 rigs this year as compared to 40 rigs back in February. This is a tremendous testament to the efficiencies of EOG's drilling teams. They were able to realize faster drilling times with innovative advancements such as in-house designed, drilling motors engineered to improve performance and reduce failures. We still plan to complete about 740 wells this year and expect quarter-over-quarter production growth entering 2020. As Bill stated earlier, if oil prices are in the mid-50s, we expect growth in 2020 to be similar to 2019. Capital expenditures -- capital savings from efficiencies realized throughout the year are beginning -- allocated to one of two areas: leasing acreage and new exploration plays and high-return infrastructure projects that are lowering lease operating expense. Across the board, 2019 is shaping up to be the best year we've had operationally and is particularly notable across our company-wide per unit operating expenses. At the start of 2019, lease operating expense on a unit basis was initially forecasted to be flat year-over-year. However, we now expect full year 2019 LOE to be 4% lower than 2018. At the midpoint of our 2019 DD&A guidance range of $12.65, we were on track to deliver the lowest rate since EOG's transition from a natural gas company to oil. Our permanent switch to premium drilling continues to transform the company, driving down finding and development costs, reducing D&A and enabling EOG to deliver double-digit returns throughout commodity price cycles. Also of note during the third quarter, we entered into long-term gas supply arrangements with Cheniere Energy. Consistent with our strategy of having flexibility and diversity in marketing our products, these arrangements provide additional markets for off-take and pricing diversity for up to 440 million BTU per day starting in 2020 with the ultimate goal of maximizing the realized price for our growing production of low-cost natural gas. Now I would like to provide some color on the Bakken and other Rockies plays. In the Bakken this quarter we completed 15 wells with an average IP-30 of 2150 barrels of oil per day, 300 barrels of NGLs and 2 million cubic feet a day of natural gas. Our strong well results reflect the impact of EOG precision targeting and our new completion techniques. The highlight for the quarter was the Clarks Creek 18 well that was completed in the Three Forks with an IP-30 of 3800 barrels of oil per day. This well is our best well to date in the Bakken, which along with strong performance from other wells completed this quarter are a testament to the continued improvements we see across our entire inventory. In the Powder River Basin, we completed a total of eight wells including four wells in the Parkman, three wells in the Turner and one well in the Niobrara. It is worth noting that our premium inventory in the Powder River Basin now includes the Parkman which we have combined with the Turner play. The Niobrara completion, the Arbalest 473 had an IP-30 of 1250 barrels of oil per day with 250 barrels of NGLs and 4 million cubic feet a day of natural gas. We continue to be encouraged by the results of our program in the Powder River and look forward to its growth in the near future. Next up is Ken to discuss the Eagle Ford.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. Year-after-year, quarter-after-quarter EOG's Eagle Ford asset delivers strong consistent results and the third quarter of 2019 was no different. The Eagle Ford delivered high-return oil volume growth with a continued decline in well costs. We have exceeded our full year cost reduction goal of 5% in the third quarter by continued improvement in operational efficiencies. Specifically, our drilling time has been reduced by 10% to 20% depending on the lateral length in the third quarter of 2019 compared to 2018. We also drilled our fastest well to date in Eagle Ford, the Meadowlark B2H, which was drilled to a measured depth of 17,288 feet with a 7,500-foot lateral section in a remarkable 2.4 days. Even after nearly a decade of development our premium well inventory in the Eagle Ford remains strong at 1900 net locations representing over six years of drilling at current activity levels. We continue to have high confidence in our ability to grow our premium inventory in this play. Our best well to date has a cost that is 20% below our average 2019 well cost. This difference in cost between our best well and the average well this year is evidence of the opportunity ahead to convert our approximately 2200 remaining non-premium locations to premium over time. EOG is in the best position it has ever been in to maximize the value of this flagship asset. Now here's Ezra for an upgrade -- or an update on the Delaware Basin.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Ken. In the Delaware Basin we announced the addition of just under 1700 net premium locations including two new plays, the Third Bone Spring, which accounts for 615 net premium locations and the Wolfcamp Middle or M for short, which contributes 855 net premium locations. The Third Bone Spring and the Wolfcamp M combined -- added approximately 1.6 billion barrels of equivalents of incremental resource potential net to EOG. Additionally, we added over 200 net premium locations from previously identified plays in the Delaware Basin. These locations not only benefit from this year's reduced well costs and increased well performance but also reflect further delineation and greater confidence in areas outside of our core acreage position. The Third Bone Spring is an example of making an old play new again. EOG began drilling the Third Bone Spring sand in our core Red Hills area in Southeast New Mexico over 25 years ago through vertical and horizontal development to exploit these high-quality reservoir sands. Fast forward to today, where modern drilling and completion technology along with the benefit of a large data set of core samples and logs has allowed EOG to exploit the tighter sands shales and carbonate rocks in the Third Bone Spring. While over 1000 horizontal wells have been drilled in the traditional Third Bone Spring sand target across the basin, less than 50 wells have exploited these tighter reservoir targets. With the advantage of a rich trove of technical data, EOG has identified the sweet spots of these new targets and the result is an $8 per barrel of equivalent finding and development cost with a production decline profile somewhat shallower than other plays in the Delaware Basin. We anticipate developing the Third Bone Spring at approximately 880-foot spacing between wells with per well gross reserve potential of approximately 1.2 million barrels of equivalents for a targeted completed well cost of $7.6 million. We also announced the Wolfcamp M with 855 new net premium locations identified across a wide expanse of EOG's acreage position in Lea, Eddy, Loving and Reeves Counties. This combo play with 63% liquids sits below the Upper Wolfcamp plays and is planned to be developed on 1050-foot spacing. A typical Wolfcamp M well is expected to produce approximately 1.5 million barrels of equivalents over its life for a $7.7 million targeted completed well cost. EOG began data collection analysis and delineation of this interval in 2014 and refined our precision targets to the highest quality portion of the reservoir. Utilizing proprietary steering software, we have reduced our specific drilling target by over 20% while simultaneously decreasing our drilling days by 50% compared to the 2014 delineation tests. The combination of increased well productivity, operational efficiency lowering well costs and utilization of water, gas and oil infrastructure has delivered another premium play to EOG's portfolio. Altogether in the Delaware Basin, EOG now has an inventory of approximately 6500 future net premium drilling locations or 24 years of inventory at the current drilling pace. This inventory is based on actual locations customized to the local geology across our over 400,000 acre position and includes multiple targets within the 5000-foot thick column of pay. We use proprietary core log and completions data to determine our targets and spacing and integrate real-time data from every well we drill to improve future wells. In contrast, to one-size-fits-all manufacturing mode, our continual process of data collection, analysis and application allows us to continue improving our wells, lower finding and development costs and optimize returns and net present value for each development unit. We're also confident in our ability to add future premium locations to our current inventory through lower well costs, increased well productivity and additional delineation of targets outside of our core area. For example, in the Wolfcamp oil play, the well count averages a single target being developed at 660-foot spacing across the 226,000 acre play. During 2019 EOG has regularly drilled patterns of wells on tighter spacing including the State Atlantis seven Unit number 1H through 5H, a 5-well Wolfcamp oil development at 440-foot spacing. These two-mile laterals averaged less than a $7 per barrel of equivalent finding and development cost generate over $50 million NPV and average payouts in approximately three months. The bottom line is EOG is very confident that a lot of upside remains to the currently identified drilling potential in this world-class basin. In addition to the updated inventory, EOG's outstanding operational performance during the first half of 2019 has continued through the third quarter in the Delaware Basin. Total well cost for the Wolfcamp oil play has already reached the full year goal of $7.2 million, while operating expenses in the Delaware Basin are also moving down notching a 7% improvement year-to-date compared to 2018. Well productivity in the Delaware Basin also continues to improve across our various plays. Average cumulative oil production for the first 90 days compared to 2018 was up 15% in the Wolfcamp oil play and up 20% in the Second Bone Spring. The standout for the quarter is the McGregor D unit number 5H, which came online an initial 24-hour rate of 11,500 barrels of oil per day and nearly 20 million cubic feet per day of rich natural gas. For its first 30 days, the well averaged 6,400 barrels of oil per day. The McGregor was drilled as part of a three-well package on 700-foot spacing in the Wolfcamp upper target. The entire package produced a staggering 445,000 barrels of oil and 1.2 Bcf of natural gas in the first 30 days of production. These wells benefited from EOG's highly integrated multidisciplinary technical approach to development. Data collection and applying real-time analysis to improve well performance is a hallmark of EOG's approach to unlock upside potential across all of our assets and as highlighted with our announcement of additional premium plays in the Delaware Basin. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss our financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. The benefits of EOG's balanced high-return growth strategy continued to shine through in the financial results in the third quarter. During the quarter, the company generated discretionary cash flow of $2 billion, invested $1.5 billion in capital expenditures before acquisitions toward the low-end of our guidance and paid $166 million in dividends. This brought $337 million in free cash flow. Cash on the balance sheet at September 30 was $1.6 billion and total debt was $5.2 billion for a net debt to total capitalization ratio of 15%. A strong balance sheet is a strategic imperative for EOG. As Bill mentioned, our first priorities for capital allocation in 2020 will be investing in high-return drilling and supporting dividend growth. Two bonds totaling $1 billion are scheduled to mature in 2020. As those dates get closer, we will decide whether to use cash on hand to redeem the bonds or to refinance one or both of them. I'll now turn it back over to Bill for closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In conclusion, there are several important takeaways from this call. First, EOG's 2019 operating performance is the best in company history. Our high-return disciplined growth strategy is producing strong returns, strong growth and substantial free cash flow. At the same time, we continue to get better in every area of the company. Second, our premium inventory continues to grow in both size and quality much faster than we drill it. Third, the company continues to reduce costs and with our pleased-but-not-satisfied mindset, we see endless opportunities to continue to lower cost in the future. Fourth, our GHG reduction and water reuse efforts demonstrate our leading, innovative and returns-focused approach to environmental stewardship and sustainability. And fifth, EOG is a resilient company. Our culture produces sustainable success. As we look ahead, we're confident and excited about the company's ability to continue to create significant long-term shareholder value with performance that competes with the best companies in the S&P 500. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And the first question we have will come from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: Can we start on the two new zones in the Permian Basin? First, how are these being integrated into the drilling program? And given the greater wet gas mix, what are the implications for gas NGLs growth and infrastructure needs? And second, in your prepared comments, you mentioned the Bone Spring three helps mitigate the decline profile of the company. Can you add more color on the reasons? And is this the type of decline rate improvement you've been referring to in the past? Or would that be driven by other exploratory projects under evaluation?
Bill Thomas: Brian, I'm going to ask for Ezra to comment on the two new zones.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Brian. This is Ezra. Thanks for the question. There's kind of a lot there. So let me tear it apart piece by piece and maybe I'll start with the Wolfcamp Middle first, the Wolfcamp M. With regards to how it will be integrated into the -- into our development, that's a deeper zone across much of our core acreage position. So one great thing about being able to turn this new bench premium is that it has the benefit of having pre-existing well control seismic infrastructure for both oil, gas and water gathering. And one way to look about that the greater wet gas mix is I think it's on slide 47 in our slide deck where we have the Delaware Basin play matrix. It's very similar to the Wolfcamp combo in per well reserves in the gas, oil and NGL make up kind of a combo percentage there. And it's also very similar in cost. And so that gives us great confidence in having a premium play there and the fact that it's going to be a high-return play for a long time. In the Wolfcamp combo, we've turned about 50 wells to sales in the past two years and they're generating over 100% rate of return and approximately $8 million of NPV per well. So we're very excited about that play. On the Third Bone Spring sand shifting gears to that. As we talked about that's kind of a tale of two plays. We've got the more traditional sand target, which definitely because of the better porosity and the better permeability the decline rates are very similar to those in the First Bone Spring and the Second Bone Spring. And yes, I would say on a side bar that that is the type of reservoir quality that we're looking for in our exploration program. And then the second part of that Third Bone Spring probably a little bit slower to integrate it, because it's really as you step outside of our core area and we're delineating some of the new acreage positions on it are these emerging targets that I talked about the Third Bone Spring, the shale and carbonate targets in there. Industry has drilled about 50 wells in those targets and we're very excited about the potential there again as we move into those new areas.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up is if you could talk a little bit about the operational momentum into 2020. It is a daunting task to grow 15% from your large base of oil production. So how are you setting up in terms of late 2019 and early 2020 activity? And do you expect ratable growth through the year or a bit more back-end loaded?
Bill Thomas: Yes, as we said early in the remarks, Brian that our -- we're really having a fantastic operation this year in the operational momentum that we've got going and the company is going to carry over into 2020. So I'm going to ask Billy to comment a little bit more on the specifics about that.
Billy Helms: Yes, thanks Bill. Yes, Brian, as we go into 2020 first of all, it's a little bit early to kind of give you too much detailed guidance on where we are. We don't expect to be able to reduce our rig count any further in 2019. As we go into 2020 depending on what oil prices look like, we'll set what our activity is going to look like, but we certainly have the capability of increasing rig activity if the prices so warrant. The bottom line is we fully expect to deliver quarter-over-quarter production growth as we enter into 2020. So the growth of -- the amount of which would be dependent on what the oil prices look like.
Operator: Next we have Subash Chandra of Guggenheim Partners.
Subash Chandra: Yeah. Good morning. First question is on, I guess, deflation. Understanding that you're budget for next year and your capital efficiencies aren't dependent on it. I'm curious, if you're seeing any evidence as some of the other operators are slowing down, or at least say they are slowing down.
Bill Thomas: Subhash, yes, I think, just in general, the U.S. shale industry, I think, year-over-year production growth is slowing. That's certainly not the case for EOG. I think, we continue to differentiate ourselves by continuing to improve and our well productivity remains very, very strong and robust. We continue to -- as Ezra pointed out, we continue to drill record wells. And we continue to have record drilling times and we're setting new records really literally almost every play on well costs. So the key to success in any business is getting better all the time and lowering your cost and getting your production up and maintaining a very, very strong performance. And I think the EOG culture is quite unique in the business and it really sets EOG apart.
Subhash Chandra: Yes. I guess, the question was, do you see cost deflation actually occurring?
Bill Thomas: Well, I'll ask Billy to comment specifically on that.
Billy Helms: Yes. This is Billy Helms. What we see on the service side, I guess, is the service industry is pretty much at a low. I wouldn't expect to see much further cost reductions on the service side. I think services are at a pretty low price point at this present time. And for them to stay healthy, to be able to service our industry, I think there's not much room to go any lower. So I think the important thing for -- to differentiate, as Bill said, on EOG is that, we're not dependent on service cost to really continue to reduce our well cost. I think that's an important point to make. Our operating teams continue to find ways to drill the wells faster, figure out more efficient completion techniques drive our lease operating costs down to improve our overall economics. And that's really what's driving EOG's continued efficiency gains.
Subhash Chandra: Right. Okay. Got you. And then, my follow-up is, I guess, a philosophical question. And acquisitions, you've ruled out corporate. And maybe it's a moot point, because you have so much inventory that you can find organically. But it just seems that the A&D market is at sort of, at least in recent history, historical lows. And the cost of your growth, I think, your slide suggests $30,000, $35,000 for flowing BOE per day. And there's acquisitions there equal to or less than that number. Do you see an opportunity to exploit what hopefully is a temporary divergence in the market?
Bill Thomas: So, I think, we want to be really clear on that. We do not envision doing any large M&A, expensive M&A, especially expenses. M&A is -- large M&As are just really not in our game plan. We have tremendous confidence in our organic ability to generate very strong, even better quality inventory than we currently have. And we can do that organically at a much, much lower cost, even compared to what you might think M&A could produce. So our game plan will be continuing to focus on organic growth, low-cost growth, adding inventory that would be additive to the quality that we have and adding that at really low cost. And we believe we can add very much a large amount of inventory that way if we -- I think, we commented that we're looking -- we're operating in six different basins and we have active prospects in 10 different basins ongoing right now. So it's the most robust exploration effort, I've been with the company 40 years, that I've seen in the company. So we've got a lot of confidence in our ability to more than replace and to improve our inventory going forward at very, very low cost.
Operator: Next we have Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Yes. Good morning, Bill, to you and the whole team there. I want to just pick up, maybe, on the points you were just commenting on and try them a little bit differently. Going back to your prepared comments, I think, it was point three on your points to differentiate, you said, you -- for mid-50s oil, you expect to grow -- or, excuse me, mid-50 WTI you grow oil comparable to the rate in -- that you grew in 2019, grow the dividend and then I believe it was also grow free cash flow. And it makes sense that you guys would have better capital efficiency in 2020 than you have in 2019. But can you give me an idea what is that increment that we should be looking for? And did I kind of get that whole setup correct?
Bill Thomas: Now, then you're exactly right, Charles. What we said, is -- what we say is that, we can -- we believe, we can deliver mid-teens growth. We can grow the dividend and generate substantial free cash flow with oil at about $55. So we want to continue to operate. Obviously, if you look at the company right now, we're operating in a continual -- a very high level, an optimum level. And we're generating a lot of free cash flow. We're producing really, really strong growth. And if you look over the last two years, we've grown the dividend over 70%. So that's what we want to continue to do in the future. We want to continue to make sure that, first of all, that we're maximizing our returns. Our company's focus has always been on returns and returns come first. And volume growth is just an expression of reinvesting at high returns. So we want to operate at a point, at a level, at a growth level where we continue to get better every year. And so next year, because of the operational momentum, we have this year and the ongoing cost reductions, we see that continuing going into next year. And so, our focus is to get better and to make better returns next year. And that will help us to grow at a very healthy rate and it also help us to generate very substantial free cash flow. And so, we're also focused on the dividend. We want to have -- as we've talked in the past, I think, we've kind of -- a very good indication over the latter of the last two years, with dividend increases of 30% or better per year. And we want to do that going forward. We're not going to commit to the level we're going to increase the dividend specifically, but we want to continue to have strong dividend growth in the future. And so, of course, that all depends on the macro environment what the oil price is and we evaluate that every quarter, our Board does. And we'll make those decisions on a quarterly basis. But our goal is to get our dividend yield up to the 2% yield level as quick as possible.
Charles Meade: That's a helpful elaboration. Thank you. And then, if I could ask the follow-up on the Middle Wolfcamp perhaps of Ezra. Ezra, you talked a little bit about -- when you're talking about the Third Bone Spring's in response to an earlier question, how many other wells in the industry had targeted the carbonate and the shale. But do you have a similar sense for how many other industry wells have targeted this section in the Wolfcamp M?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles. This is Ezra. I'm glad you asked that question. I was just sitting here trying to figure out if I had actually mentioned that or not. The Wolfcamp Middle, or M, as we call it, it roughly correlates to the Wolfcamp B and part of the C as known by some other operators. And so, really across the Delaware Basin, there have been a few hundred wells drilled in a similar target there. And so we've got -- that's one of the reasons we've looked at all that data, they're landing zones, we've incorporated that with our own data to go ahead and announce this premium play.
Charles Meade: Got it. That's what I was after. Thanks Ezra.
Operator: Next we have Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter. I thought the supply agreement with Cheniere was both interesting and innovative and it brought up two questions. So the first one is, what sort of long-term price uplift versus Henry Hub do you expect from that portion of your supply that's indexed to the JKM Marker? And second, is this kind of a deal that you're looking at repeating again in the future, maybe with Cheniere or maybe another LNG exporter?
Bill Thomas: I'm going to ask Lance to comment on that one.
Lance Terveen: Yes Jeff. Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. First, to start off, I mean, it kind of follows up with what Billy talked about. I mean, this new transaction and the gas sales agreements that we've done with Cheniere, it's really consistent with our marketing strategy in how we're trying to diversify our sales points and having multiple options. And really when we undertook this process when you really look at Cheniere, I mean they are the industry leader. I mean if you look at the 7.5 Bcf a day that's being exported today on LNG, they represent 5.5. So expanding our business with them, we're very excited about. And just a reminder that starts at the 140,000 MMBtus a day starting in January of next year and that ramps up to the 440,000. But on your question just on the price realizations as that contract starts up next year, we'll be incorporating that into our guidance. So I'm not going to give any specific color on that. But what I can tell you that's why it got us excited about it is just when you look at the amount of LNG demand growth that's going to be coming on especially over like the next 10 years, it's definitely all in the Asia Pacific region. And so tying it to that and to see especially with significant weather events in those areas it's -- it can provide as you look historically for significant upside. So that's what got us excited about that. And then your last question there just about new structures and new deals. I mean, we're very excited about this first and we're going to stay poised. I think, we're going to continue to watch the market. We're always looking for new opportunities in diversifying our portfolio. So we'll definitely be staying active in the future as we look at new structures that may come in front of us.
Jeffrey Campbell: Thanks for that color, Lance. I appreciate it. My other question was earlier in the call there was some discussion of the corporate decline. And slide 49 notes that longer laterals exhibit shallower declines than shorter laterals, and I assume that's a comparison within a given play. I wondered if some of the portfolio plays as a whole exhibit shallower declines than others. And does this help influence attracting capital?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Jeffrey. That decline rate is something that we're very much focused on in the company. And so as we continue to focus our capital and high grade our capital, we do consider that as part of the process. And so we're looking at low decline, lower decline plays particularly in our exploration efforts. Some of the newer plays we've announced in the last several years have lower decline than some of our historical plays. And then we're also looking and focused on lower finding costs. So low finding costs, low decline plays are certainly preferred for us and that's a focus of our exploration effort. And it really is a function of the quality of the rock in combination with the completion technology and they work together to help in that regard. So we're focused on that and that helps the company get better. That's part of the process. We've been going on the last several years. It's helped us get better in the last couple of years; certainly this year and we think that will continue to help us in the future.
Operator: And next we have Neal Dingmann of SunTrust.
Neal Dingmann: Just want to get through all the details. And you talked a little bit -- I see as you always done on your slide 5 you break out the premium sort of parameters. I guess my question is more around slide 36 and just what caused the changes in both what you were able to add but also to the Eagle Ford Bakken and Woodford, I think that was down a little bit on those. I'm just wondering what contributed to that?
Bill Thomas: Billy would you comment on that?
Billy Helms: Yeah, I think an important point to take away, Neal is that this represents our best estimate going forward on each play. The Eagle Ford as we've talked about it's an update relative -- taking into account the number of wells we drilled and then what we have remaining. The important point on the Eagle Ford is to recognize as Ken discussed, we have 2,200 remaining locations that we can continue to work on to convert to premium over time as we continue to move into areas that are less developed. So I think that's the upside on the Eagle Ford. The rest of the plays it just represents kind of what we see as the remaining inventory at this point in time for each one of these plays that are mentioned here. And overall it's in keeping with replacing -- more than replacing what we drill every year.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. And then Bill maybe just one broad question. I'm just wondering when you look at what's been mentioned today about the growth versus the free cash versus shareholder return, I'm just wondering when you sort of put out there the 15% growth to $55 is your primary delta, kind of, what free cash flow you want to achieve? Or what shareholder return? I'm just wondering how you all go about thinking about that.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Certainly the free cash flow is an important component of it. So it's a balance of allocating capital at the right that we can get better and can increase our returns every year. It is certainly focused on generating substantial free cash flow and continuing to increase the dividend in a very strong manner too. So we want to work on all three of those. And then as you know we have been reducing our debt. And Tim talked about that in the opening remarks. And so we want to continue to pay off those bonds as they mature. So we look at all that but, primarily it's really focusing the capital on generating really strong returns and certainly working on the dividend.
Neal Dingmann: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Next we have Leo Mariani of KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, I fully appreciate that you guys don't have 2020 guidance out there. You certainly talked about the mid-teens oil growth rate at $55 WTI, which sounds great. I guess just from a high level philosophical perspective, in order to kind of achieve that, do you guys think you'd have to increase activity and CapEx at all? Or maybe a little bit to do that? Or do you think the efficiencies are such that you could do that with a similar type of activity?
Bill Thomas: I'll ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yeah Leo. This is Billy Helms. I think the takeaway would be we're going to be targeting as Bill said how do we continue to improve, what we do. We're not going to give you any specific guidance on how much capital that's going to deploy. We have the capability of increasing activity if the commodity outlook supports that. But we're going to stay extremely flexible at this point in time to make sure that as we go into the next year, we're doing so with the discipline that we want to maintain in each one of our programs. So I guess we certainly have the capability of doing whatever the market shows us that is prudent to do. And our programs will support it. And we have the teams to execute any of those programs. So we'll just, kind of, leave it there for right now.
Leo Mariani: Okay. I guess just wanted to see if we can get maybe a little bit more kind of a high-level update on some of the new plays. I certainly realize you guys aren't ready to announce any of the exploration plays but I know you've drilled a number of wells in 2019. Really just wanted to get a sense of whether or not on some of the wells you've drilled you think that you're getting competitive economics even in these early stages here to the point where you can foresee some new premium drilling inventory? Any comments on that?
Bill Thomas: I'm going to ask Ezra to comment on that.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah, Leo. Thank you for the question. This is Ezra. As we've discussed previously, we're very excited about our exploration program. And Bill had mentioned that we're currently leasing and testing in over 10 different basins across all of our divisions, our focus primarily on oilier plays with higher rock quality that we've applied. We're searching for these plays. We're prospecting for plays that we've applied core and log data in our reservoir models developed from our multi-basin approach. So really leveraging off of our efforts in the Delaware Basin, the Powder River Basin, the Eagle Ford and Woodford oil window to really identify rock quality that will perform very well in combination with our horizontal drilling and completions technology and hopefully deliver slightly shallower declines. And hopefully we'll be very competitive with our current inventory. Again we want to increase the quality of our inventory not just add to the back end. As far as that, we're confident in our reservoir models. And hopefully we'll be able to update you on a future call.
Operator: And next we have Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: Yeah, thanks. You all talked about hitting some of your -- the cost reduction targets this year and it sounds like you've got some new efficiencies you're seeing in place. Is there anything specific you can point out to outside of, hey we're drilling faster but like specifically what's happening on the ground and maybe even from a technological side that's causing that improved uplift?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Billy will comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott. It's not any one specific thing that helps us achieve these improved efficiencies. It goes back to what Bill talked about in his opening comments. It's the culture of the company. It's the drive of every one of our operating teams to continue to get better. And I couldn't be prouder of the execution those guys have made. One example on the drilling side to help us get the wells drilled faster as I mentioned in the prepared remarks the innovations we've made on designing drilling motors that enable us to increase the speed at which we do and the reliability of those tools to keep them in the ground is just one example. There's several examples on the completion side that go along with that to allow us to complete more of the lateral feet per day than we used to a year ago at a much lower cost and still deliver the same productivity improvements that we're seeing as we deliver the production from our wells. So it's just a number of different things. And it's hard for us to capture them all in one call like this, but just to say, that everybody in each division is working hard to try to continue to improve every day.
Scott Hanold: Okay, understood. And then if I could try a question on next year's activity just at a high level. I mean it seems like this year if I'm not mistaken you've got around $400 million of that $6.3 billion budget allocated to kind of research development and technological improvements. As you look into 2020 should we expect a very similar amount? Or -- and if I'm not mistaken I thought 2019 was going to be heavier. What does 2020 look like?
Billy Helms: Scott, we're not I think ready at this point to give you a specific number on that. But we do certainly have an ongoing exploration and leasing program and so we'll continue to keep that up. But we won't give you a specific number on that. We're still working through all those details.
Operator: And next we have Joseph Allman of Baird.
Joseph Allman: Thank you. Good morning. My question is on political risk. Bill, EOG has been very good at reducing political risk, for example, not operating in Colorado. What steps might you take to reduce the political risk that you addressed in your slides related to federal acreage?
Bill Thomas: Well, I think, as we've talked about I think in the opening remarks we do have a very active permitting process going on. So we're well ahead of that. We have two to four years of permits in hand. And we have the ability to modify our operations and we have a lot of flexibility with the different operating areas and shifting rigs here and there. And so we will -- we have been and we will continue to actively develop our federal acreage position very strongly. So we'll -- we've not really ever I think had a problem working with any of the regulatory changes. We have a great relationship with BLM and a great relationship with the state governments that we are active in. So it all works together. We try to be a good citizen, a good operator. And it really has worked out well for us in the past.
Joseph Allman: Thanks, Bill. And then my second question is on the Austin Chalk. What is preventing the Austin Chalk from making it to the list of premier plays? You clearly have many great wells. Do you just not have enough to call it a premier play? Or is it really on the cost side? And you're drilling a couple dozen wells a year. So it would seem to be -- it's at least a great play if not a premier play.
Bill Thomas: Yes. Well I think the first thing is when you think about the Austin Chalk, it's a really big play. It goes a long ways. And it's got all different kinds of aspects to it. And we've been very successful in our -- under our Eagle Ford acreage we have great results in the Austin Chalk. And it's certainly an exploration target for us. And we have multiple places in the play that we're looking and testing. And so they keep our competitive advantage on making sure we get the acreage in the right spot. We haven't talked about anything specific. But we will at some point and we'll give you some updates on our progress in the Chalk.
Operator: Next we have Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Hey, Bill, I wanted to talk to you or ask you about the potential sensitivity to your 2020 program to lower oil prices. I think you outlined a mid-teens oil growth at $55. If oil prices average closer to $50 per barrel would you adjust activity accordingly? And could you discuss broadly the sensitivity to your oil growth rate at a $50 number?
Bill Thomas: Well, we can't give you any specifics there Arun. But certainly we would adjust our capital. Again, we want to have great returns. That's numbers one. We want to have strong oil growth. We want to have substantial free cash flow. So we continue to work on the dividend. So we really balance all those. And we would set it appropriately based on our macro view of oil in 2020. And at this point, we don't want to speculate, whether it's going to be higher or lower. We're just trying to give you some guidelines of kind of where we see our efforts next year.
Arun Jayaram: Great, great and just a follow-up, I know the reduction in your rig count in the second half has garnered a lot of attention. But it sounds like this decline was driven by rig efficiencies. I guess my question is, in 2019 Bill, you're delivering call it 740 net wells for $6.3 billion, in capital. If we were going to bake in the rig efficiencies, you're seeing today OFS deflation do you have any thoughts on what your CapEx dollar could do incremental to 2019? Could we see another call it 5% to 10% improvement in well cost next year?
Bill Thomas: Again Arun, we're not going to give you any specific numbers. So -- but we do certainly believe that, our capital efficiency will improve next year over this year. We definitely believe that our well costs will continue to decrease next year too. So and we're certainly hopeful operating costs will continue to go down. So the company just incrementally is getting better every quarter. And our culture, and our people, and our divisions are just doing a tremendous job in doing that. And so, along with oil prices, we bake all that in and that will really determine what our plan will be.
Operator: Next we have Michael Scialla of Stifel.
Michael Scialla: Yeah. Good morning, everybody. If you are successful with these new exploration plays, they turn out to generate better returns than even your premium inventory. I just want to see how quickly they could move to the top of the drilling inventory. And if they're not just additive, would that allow you to actually replace some inventory to where you could look at monetizing some of the inventory that's maybe at the end of the spectrum?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. And Michael thank you for your question, yeah the plays, the ones we're looking at these 10 different basins, most of them are in areas, where we could increase activity reasonably fast not jump in with 10 rigs in one year. But we could incrementally I think add rigs to each one of these plays and develop the infrastructure. They're not in -- most of them are not in places where you couldn't do that fairly quickly. So, if they were incremental to our returns, we would certainly move that way on each one of them as quickly as possible. And we have a lot of inventory obviously in the company. And we have sold, I think about $6 billion -- over $6 billion of properties over the last 10 years. And we'll continue to look to get value through possibly monetizing, any of that. But we don't think they'll ever get to a premium category. So, certainly that would be another avenue to add value to the company.
Michael Scialla: Okay. Thanks. And then, Bill you mentioned last quarter you were pleased with those first three Niobrara wells in the Powder. And then it looks like you added another one this quarter.  One of your nearby competitors had some favorable things to say about the Niobrara this quarter. I just want to see, how you're viewing that zone relative to the other targets in the Powder River Basin.
Bill Thomas: I'm going to ask Billy to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yeah. I think we're very pleased with the early results we're seeing from the Niobrara play. It's -- it looks to be something that we had hoped for. It's going to be more of an oily play in that Powder River Basin that we can grow oil volumes. And be competitive with the rest of our inventory. And we're going at a pace now, that's really dictated by the learning's that we're taking into account, but also the infrastructure we have there now. And as we've mentioned in earlier calls, the pace of activity will be really married up with our level of spending on infrastructure to grow that play. But it looks to be a play that we can see us growing another leg of growth that we'll have in the future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to, Mr. Thomas for his closing remarks, Sir?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. So I'd just like to say that again, we're just so pleased with another outstanding performance by EOG in the third quarter. And we want to say many thanks to everyone in the company for making it happen. They're doing a fantastic job. The company continues to improve in every area. Our costs continue to fall. Oil well results are very strong. Capital efficiency continues to improve. And our premium inventory continues to grow. So our high-return organic growth machine is running at the most optimum level in the company's history. And most importantly, we're very excited about performing at an even higher level in 2020. So again, thank you for listening. And thank you for your support.
Operator: And we thank you sir and to the rest of the management team for your time also today. Again, the conference call is now concluded. Again, we thank you all for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you. Just take care. And have a great day, everyone.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Bill Thomas - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Tim Driggers - Chief Financial Officer Billy Helms - Chief Operating Officer Ken Boedeker - EVP, Exploration and Production Ezra Yacob - EVP Exploration and Production Lance Terveen - Senior VP, Marketing David Streit - VP, Investor and Public Relations
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources, Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers : Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the Press Release announcing second quarter 2019 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call.  This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and they are accompanying Investor Presentation slides may include estimated resource potential and other estimated of potential reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reported guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing ;and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. Here’s Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas : Thanks Tim and good morning everyone. EOG does not need high oil prices to create significant value for our shareholders. During the second quarter, despite a 12% decline in WTI oil prices, EOG generated more than $350 million of free cash flow, lowered our long term debt by $900 million and paid a substantially larger dividend than last year, all while organically growing U.S. oil production by 20%.  The EOG culture consistently making improvements throughout the company year-after-year has propelled EOG to compete financially with the very best in the S&P500, all with oil prices averaging below $60 per barrel.  We are now capable of delivering double digit return on capital employed, and double digit growth while generating substantial free cash flow through the commodity price cycles. Our commitment to strong free cash flow is enabling us to rapidly grow the dividend. We've increased the dividend 72% in the last two years and our ambition is to target a yield that is competitive in the S&P500, which stands around 2%.  EOG never stops improving. We are one of the lowest cost producers in the global oil market and we continue to lower the cost of our business. In fact we have strong visibility and high confidence in our ability to lower our costs, so that by 2022 we can earn at least 10% return on capital employed at oil prices below $50 per barrel.  Our first half results confirm that EOG is stronger than ever, and we are delivering a banner year in operational performance. For two quarters in a row we delivered more oil for less capital. With efficiency gains and new technology, we are achieving strong capital and operating cost reductions, while at the same time delivering excellent well performance.  In addition, the company is leasing anchorage and testing new geologic plate concepts that we believe could lower our decline rate and continue to reduce our costs to produce oil.  At EOG we have always believed in being a good corporate citizen goes hand-in-hand with delivering a long term value for shareholders. The same spirit of innovation that drives our excellence in operations is aimed at ensuring the business is sustainable in the long run. We are excited about several new environmental, social and governance initiatives that will both reduce our environmental footprint, while helping to lower costs and earned strong returns.  We are a leader in water reuse in the Permian Basin, currently sourcing 90% of our water needs from recycled production water. We are busy transferring our reuse technology to other Basins. EOG is also a first mover and we believe the largest user of electric powered frac fleets.  Later this year we will be testing the use of solar power to generate electricity for natural gas compression. Our expanding implementation of water reuse, electric frac fleets and solar power are just a few of the many things we are doing to reduce our environmental footprint.  Our goal is to be the leader in ESG Performance by delivering high returns with responsibly focused operations. We will have more details in our updated sustainable report to be published later this year.  The EOG culture is more than three decades in the making, and the foundation of our competitive advantage. Our ability to continuously improve the company is accelerating over time. It’s not just a few items that we work on, it's every nut and bolt and every process in the company.  Our culture of innovation, leverage through the application of real time data analysis, with our advanced information technology systems enables everyone in the company to create value. EOGs business is better than ever and our insatiable desire to improve has us excited about our future.  Next up is Billy to review our second quarter operational performance and the outlook for the remainder of 2019.
Billy Helms: Thanks Bill. For the second consecutive quarter, oil production beats the high end of our forecasted range, while the capital expenditures were below the low end. The performance in the first half of the year demonstrates our focus on continuous improvement as evidenced by our higher capital efficiency, lower operating costs and ongoing integration of operating practices to minimize our environmental footprint.  There are several factors that drive these outstanding results. First, our production beat this quarter is due to improve well performance. Our new completion designs, including the use of diverters, along with a continued focus on target selection are the main reasons for the improvement.  Beyond the completion design itself, we also developed proprietary technology that allows us to make real time adjustments during the execution of the frac, to minimize the impact on nearby producing wells, thus reducing shut-in volumes. Ken will expand on this technology in a moment.  Second, we continue to reduce capital costs and see line of sight to reach our goal of reducing total well cost by 5% this year. Through the first half we have realized about a 4% reduction compared to 2018, as a result of improved operational execution. Design enhancements and efficiency improvements, not service cost reductions, are delivering consistently better results across each of our active areas.  Third, our operating cost performance has been outstanding. As a result, we are lowering our full year unit cost forecast for LOE and transportation. Cash operating costs which include LOE, transportation and G&A are expected to be under $9 a barrel for the full year 2019 compared to nearly $13 a barrel as recently as 2014.  Fourth, as Bill mentioned in his opening remarks, we are committed to sustainability. Our decision to embrace electric frac fleets is an example of how we continue to find innovative solutions, to both reduce our environmental footprint and improve the profitability of our business. We began piloting this new technology last year in the Eagle Ford and have since utilized them in the Delaware Basins.  Electric frac fleets currently make up more than a quarter of EOG fleets. We believe EOG is using about a third of the electric frac fleets available in the market, and we are looking to expand their use in our operations going forward. Our experience with this new technology has been very positive. We estimate electric fleets save up to $200,000 per well and reduce combustion emissions from completion operations about 35% to 40%.  The EOG continues to expand its use of water reuse program. In the Delaware Basin nearly 90% of our water needs are currently sourced from recycled produced water. We are increasing our water reuse efforts in both the Eagle Ford and Woodford plays and are beginning to install reuse infrastructure in the emerging Powder River Basin.  In the second half of this year we plan to initiate a pilot project that combines solar and natural gas to power compressor stations. While this first of its kind system is still in the design phase, early indications point to positive economics, reduced LOE and the potential to significantly reduce our combustion emissions. Finally, looking ahead to the remainder of 2019, we modestly increased our full year U.S. oil production guidance as a result of better well performance. There is no change to our activity level in 2019. We will remain disciplined and still expect capital expenditures to be within the original range of $6.1 billion and $6.5 billion.  Capital is trending to the low side of expectations, so assuming the trend continues, any realized savings if spent will likely be directed to two areas, water, oil and gas infrastructure to lower our operating expenses, and lease holds to support our ongoing exploration efforts. For 2020 we are beginning to evaluate multiple scenarios, but sufficed to say, it is too early to provide any color or commentary on our plans at this time. In summary, our operating teams are executing the 2019 program and generating excellent results; I could not be more proud of them.  Now I would like to provide some color on our Powder River Basin activity. In the first half of the year we initiated a handful of delineation and completion technology tests to better define our future program. As a reminder, we announced premium inventory at more than 1,500 locations with reserve potential of 1.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent, exactly one year ago.  We are deliberately developing the play at a very modest pace to allow time to integrate both the build out of infrastructure, as well as incorporate the data and knowledge from our delineation wells. In addition, our diverse portfolio of 11 different plays gives us the luxury of pacing the development of the Powder River Basin, to maximize returns in net present value of the entire asset.  During the second quarter we completed five gross Narborough wells with average 30 day IPs of 1,000 barrels of oil per day, 100 barrels per day of NGLs and 2.1 million cubic feet of gas per day. The tiburon 251 well had an IP30 of 1,300 barrels of oil per day, 63 barrels per day of NGLs and 2 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. Also, our operating teams are making tremendous progress toward reaching our stated well cost goals.  In the Mowry we completed two gross wells in the second quarter. The flat Boed 870 well had an IP30 of 910 barrels of oil per day, 64 barrels per day of NGLs with 6.3 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. We also completed six gross Turner wells with an average IP30 of 700 barrels of oil per day, 150 barrels per day of NGLs and 2.7 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. Our program in the Powder River Basin continues to deliver strong results and we will continue to develop at a modest pace as infrastructure is installed.  In the Wyoming DJ Basin it is continuing to deliver solid production results with improving operational execution. We completed 18 gross wells in the second quarter, with six wells having an average lateral length exceeding 14,000 feet. In all, the Codell wells delivered an average IP30 of 800 barrels of oil per day.  Next up is Ken to review highlights from our Eagle Ford and Woodford plays. 
Ken Boedeker : Thanks Billy. The Eagle Ford continues to deliver consistent performance quarter-after-quarter. This world class oil asset is off to a great start in 2019, delivering low finding costs through ongoing cost reductions. Every measure of capital productivity is better in the first half of 2019 compared to full year 2018.  This quarter I’ll highlight recent operational efficiencies driven by right sizing our completion designs and refining its execution. The wellbore stimulation process is aided by software developed in house, using our proprietary software and data on the nearby wells geology, spacing, lateral placement and production history, a unique completion design is prepared for each well in a pattern. The software allows EOG engineers to monitor real-time completions data, not only on the well we are stimulating, but also on surrounding wells. This enables the engineers to make real-time adjustments to the stimulation on a stage-by-stage basis. The result is a customized stimulation that can reduce pump time by 10%.  The process also yields better well performance, both in and the new wells being completed and in the adjacent producing wells. For the new well, we can realize the same or better well performance with less sand. As a result, our completion costs are down 9% compared to last year, which is a significant contributor to our overall lower finding costs.  Second, for the nearby producing wells, reduced sand loadings translate to reduce instances of sand reaching these offset wells. LOE costs come down due to reduced work over expenses to clean out sand during production and the associated downtime due to shut-ins is reduced, increasing volumes. In addition to completion cost reductions, we improved drawing speed and efficiency in the Eagle Ford. Thus far we've nearly realized or full year well cost reduction goal of 5%.  Now, moving the discussion Oklahoma, the Woodford Oil Play in the Anadarko Basin continues to gain operational momentum as we increase our activity levels. We've made tremendous improvements on total well costs. Drilling costs are down 10% and completion costs are down 19% with a total well cost reduction of 18% in the second quarter of 2019 compared to 2018. As a result, we reduced our Woodford well cost target by 14% to $6.5 million per well. Finding costs for this newer premium oil play are now less than $10 per barrel of oil equivalent, which is on par with our other more established premium assets.  We completed 15 gross well since the start of the year, a few notable recent wells include the Galaxy 2536 wells. They average more than 10,000 feet in lateral length and produced an average of 1,100 barrels of oil per day each for the first 30 days. Oil equivalence average more than 1,400 barrels per day each. In addition, these walls are exhibiting the characteristic shallower declines we’ve seen in prior wells.  We are pleased with our progress in this premium play and expect further operational gains in the second half of this year.  Now here's Ezra for an update on the Delaware Basin. 
Ezra Yacob: Thanks Ken. We played 65 net wells to sales in the second quarter and continue to have an outstanding year in the Delaware Basin. Our drilling performance continues to benefit from improved downhole motor designs and increased quality assurance. Year-to-date drilling days are down over 20% compared to 2018 and we continue to utilize proprietary software to balance our drilling speed and steering to stay within our precision targets. Completion costs are also down 10% compared to 2018 due to ongoing improvements to execution, application of our new completion techniques, as well as lower sand and water costs. Year-over-year stand costs are down 35% and our all-in-water costs including reuse have decreased by 30%. The combined impact of improved drilling and completions efficiencies has resulted in a year-to-date total average well cost reduction of 5% compared to 2018.  Well productivity similar to operating efficiencies has also improved through the first half of 2019, across all five of our Delaware Basin targets. In our Delaware Basin Wolfcamp play, 30, 60 and 90 day rates have improved. Our 2019 Wolfcamp program is outperforming 2018 performance by 10% and continues to exceed our forecast.  Performance of our shallower reservoir is also improving as we integrate geologic data, collected as we develop the deeper targets, along with our new completion technology. Year-to-date we brought on 23 net wealth in the Leonard and Bone Spring, with both formations performance stronger than 2018 results.  In addition to tremendous progress lowering our finding and development costs through well productivity and capital cost improvements, we are benefiting from our strategic infrastructure investment. Currently 99% of our water and over 80% of our oil is transferred by pipe rather than trucking and contributes to a 5% reduction in operating costs compared to 2018.  The impact of improved productivity and cost reductions have resulted in year-to-date all in finding costs below $10 per barrel of oil equivalent and an average direct after tax rate of return in excess of 100% of the current strip prices. Our progress throughout 2019 in the Delaware Basin highlights our focus on increasing capital efficiency through high return investments.  Here’s Lance to provide a marketing update. 
Lance Terveen : Thanks Ezra. During the second quarter our marketing strategy paid dividends. Our execution is a result of a portfolio sales approach; that is we work to ensure each of our asset teams has flexible takeaway and multiple in-markets available, which provide security, a full assurance and access the optimal net back price. Our U.S. crude oil price realizations averaged $1.18 above WTI which was on the high end of our guidance issued at the beginning of the quarter.  With respect to natural gas, despite significant volatility and Permian Basin prices and softness in the Rockies and out west in California, EOGs overall natural gas price realizations were only modestly affected.  Anticipating infrastructure and transportation capacity, well in advance of our development plans has allowed us to have full assurance to one, mitigate most of the effects of the week local premium pricing; and two, avoid the long term, high fixed cost transport contracts, as we expect the Waha basis will improve significantly as new pipelines in our service later this year and 2021.  Downstream markets, natural gas and oil basis differentials change very quickly. Our portfolio approach provides flexibility to quickly pivot to the highest net back markets. For example, in the Permian the Mid‐Cush differential has strengthened considerably since the end of last year. Additionally, looking ahead to the end of this year and into 2020, the market is pricing in crude oil pipeline take away, coming in the service over the next several months, as seen in the narrower Permian to Gulf Coast spread. Our marking arrangements provide flexibility to sell our oil production in the local Midland market to take advantage of strength in the Mid‐Cush basis, or we can elect to utilize our low cost, long haul capacity to the Gulf Coast, the excess domestic refiners and export markets.  Our forward looking portfolio approach has established access to Midland, Cushing, Houston, and Corpus Christi, along with doc capacity to access export markets for our Permian basin and oil production. In addition, access to all these markets by our diverse portfolio transportation, and self-markets options allows us to maintain direct control and keep our low cost transportation edge. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss our financials and capital structure. 
Tim Driggers : Thanks Lance. EOG leveraged its outstanding operation execution in the second quarter into superb financial performance. During the quarter the company generated discretionary cash flow of $2.1 billion, invested $1.6 billion in capital expenditures before acquisitions at the low end of our guidance and paid $127 million in dividends. This allows $352 million in free cash flow.  In line with our objective of further strengthening our financial position, we repaid a $900 million bond in June with cash-on-hand. This leaves $1.75 billion remaining in our $3 billion, four year debt reduction plan which we expect to complete in 2021.  Cash on the balance sheet at June 30 was $1.2 billion and total debt was $5.2 billion for a net debt to total capitalization ratio 16%, significantly lower than 24% just one year ago.  In addition to the excess of the debt reduction plan has had on improving our leverage metrics, it has also meaningfully reducing our cash cost. Net interest expense has fallen about a third to $185 million, the mid-point of our fill year 2019 guidance from $282 million in 2016.  The financial model for EOG is straightforward. We can very efficiently generate double digit organic growth at high rates of return, leverage our scale to reduce operating expenses and continue to lower the old price required to earn a double digit ROCE. We believe EOG can accomplish this while supporting a growing dividend competitive with the S&P500 in generating a rising stream of free cash flow. The combination of EOGs financial strength, industry leading cost structure and organic exploration edge can deliver a level of financial performance, competitive not just with the best E&P companies, but competitive with the best companies in the industry in the S&P500 and we can deliver this performance at lower and lower commodity prices.  I'll now turn it back over to Bill for closing remarks. 
Bill Thomas : Thanks Tim. In conclusion EOG is executing at the highest level in company history and improving every quarter. Our premium drilling strategy combined with our ability to achieve continuous efficiency gains and technology breakthroughs are producing record results.  The company is delivering a strong return on capital employed, production growth, free cash flow, debt reduction and strong dividend growth with oil in the 50s, and we clearly are on a path to achieve strong performance with oil in the 40s. We are accomplishing our goal of achieving results that are competitive with the best companies across all sectors in the S&P500 through the commodity price cycles.  In addition to financial returns, EOGs mission is to be a leader in ESG performance. Our unique culture has embraced ESG with the same enthusiasm as everything else we do, innovation, technology and the pleased but not satisfied culture of EOG have a long history of producing outstanding results, and we believe that our best days are still ahead of us.  Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And today’s first question comes from Arun Jayram of JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Arun Jayram: Yeah, good morning. I was wondering if we could maybe start with your thoughts on well spacing in the Delaware Basin and how you guys are managing the process to call it maximize resource recovery while mitigating the impacts from adverse communication?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, good morning Arun. Thank you for the question. Just in general, you know because we’ve been in the shale business for two decades, you know we have a big learning curve in the history of the company and we recognize the parent child relationship and the importance of proper spacing to develop the assets correctly.  And specifically you know in the Delaware Basin we attack that problem very aggressively back in 2017 and the early part of 2018, and we really got the learning curve on that well behind us and we continually are still making progress going forward, but we really are well down the road on maximizing the value of our asset. And so I'd like to maybe let Ezra, he’s really the expert on the Delaware Basin to give you a little bit more color on that. 
Ezra Yacob : Yes Arun, it’s Ezra. As you know our resource estimate is based on 660 foot spacing in the Wolfcamp Oil window, and an 880 foot space in the combo side of that play and we are very confident in those numbers still. As you know and as Bill mentioned, we've been drilling multiple targets within the Wolfcamp and actually a tighter spacing on average than what our resource estimate is based on and so I think that you can see we've got a bit upside we feel like, not only really in our Delaware Basin Plays but across the portfolio of our plays.  One way that we approached it and some of the testing that we did as Bill mentioned over a year ago is really to look at the number of targets and the quality of our high precision target that need to be co-developed with one another, and we combine our high precision targeting with our completions technology to really optimize that balance between a low finding cost and optimizing really the NPV per drilling unit and we think that that's the best way to really deliver shareholder value in the long term through you know increasing our corporate level returns while still capturing the NPV.
Arun Jayram: Great and my follow up is the updated guide does assume, call it the deceleration in CapEx in 4Q versus 3Q. I was wondering if you could maybe discuss the cadence of overall [indiscernible] in the second half and just your general thoughts on 4Q oil growth and sustaining some of the upper- aiding momentum into 2020. 
Bill Thomas : Yes Arun, yeah we are on plan, everything is going just almost perfectly this year. It’s been a great year in performance and capital is running according to plan, and we are going to be really well set up heading into 2020. And I'm going to ask Billy Helms to give a little bit more detail on that.
Billy Helms: Yeah, good morning Arun. This is Billy. So as Bill mentioned, we are exactly on plan where we wanted to be. Actually our well performance is exceeding the type curves that we laid out at the beginning at the year, and our well cost is actually coming in lower.  So what's driving that really is just the continued efficiencies each of the operating teams continue to have. So we're actually able to – as we go into our second half of the year, in both the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford, our two most active plays, we'll see a slight reduction in rig count and frac crews there, just because we don't need as many rigs and frac fleets to achieve our goals that we originally laid out at the beginning of the year.  Now also on top of that we have some seasonal programs like the Bakken where you'll see activity there, mainly it happens in the summer-time and in the winter-time we pretty much slow activity there just because of the additional costs associated with winter operations. You'll see a slight reduction also in the Powder River Basin for the same reason.  So in general, we don't really see a dramatic change in the rig count, frac fleet count or the wells turned online, a slight drop in the fourth quarter. The big thing to take away is that for 2020 while it’s really early to give you an indication of what we're going to do, we don't see that we’ll have a dramatic drop off in the first quarter of 2020. We are well positioned and well set out to provide growth on a quarter-to-quarter basis as we enter 2020. 
Arun Jayram: Great. Thanks a lot for that commentary. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: Thank you, good morning. I wanted to see on the dividend. How does your dividend goal that have shifted in terms of the focus of the 2% target yield, how does that, if at all impact your volume growth target? Do you still see growth in 2020 accelerating versus 2019, and how long can that growth be sustained while meeting your dividend targets until the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin move into a more mature phase as you call it from the growth phase or until you depend more on the newer plays or organic exploration. 
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Brian, good morning. We don’t see that our projection of being competitive with the S&P 500 on the yield as really slowing down our growth. You know we believe that our dividend, you know we've shown a very strong commitment to the dividend, we've increased it over 70% in the last two years and certainly our goal, with reasonable oil prices like we've seen this year, is to continue to grow the dividend at least 20% per year to bring the yield in line with the S&P500 and of course the Board considers the macro outlook in our business plan every quarter concerning the dividend.  And then on growth at reasonable oil prices like we've seen this year, we do not envision our growth to be lower than our 14% that we are experiencing this year. So we have a very, I think robust business as Tim pointed out; we are creating significant value through our disciplined reinvestment and the premium drilling and we're generating strong free cash flow. You know we're having a substantial dividend growth and we've got – strengthening our balance sheet all the same time. So we believe our core business is super strong and competitive, with really any business in any sector of the market.  So we’ve got a lot of confidence that we're creating a huge amount of value for shareholders and we're going to continue on that plan.
Brian Singer: Great, thank you. And then my follow-up in regards to exploration, I realized that there was not a specific update here. On last call you talked about higher quality reservoirs that could lower decline rates in your supply cost and you referred in your opening comments to potentially lowering the decline rate and reducing the cost to produce oil. Can you just give us a general update on what you are seeing within that portfolio and how aspirational that is versus how far you’ve progressed towards that in terms of reality of really having that confidence that the decline rate can come down and the supply costs can come down? 
Bill Thomas: Brian, we are – yeah, thank you. We are very excited about our exploration efforts this year. It's the most robust, diverse exploration effort I think we've ever had in the company. We are in multiple basins and multiple different plays, testing new ideas and they are rock quality, rock that would be able to deliver oil at lower cost and at lower decline rates than our current inventory, the average of our current inventory.  So we are really focused on corporate returns. We want to drive, continue to drive down finding costs and that's a particularly strong focus. So we are looking for plays that have low drilling costs, low operating costs and we're working and we want to improve the decline rate of the company also. So low decline, low finding costs is the direction that we are heading, going in, and that's what will help us continue to generate higher corporate returns going forward.  So we're really excited, we are really encourage, we are in the process of drilling and testing a lot of new ideas this year. We are also leasing very, very strong acreage positions, building very strong acreage positions at low costs and we’ll be giving up dates on that as we get meaningful results. It takes a little while, we don't want to just drill one well you know and say we got all this. We need to have multiple tests done.  Certainly we want to, before we start talking about specifically where these plays are, we want to have the acreage captured and so it's going to take a little bit of time. So we asked the investors to be patient with us on the process, but we're very excited and very encouraged on where we're headed. 
Brian Singer: Great, thank you. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Neal Dingmann : Good morning all. A question I guess to start around the Powder River. It seems like when it comes to incremental operational efficiencies and lower costs, it appears in terms of your conversations and very much on the Powder River is seen maybe the most in your portfolio, and I'm wondering if this is in fact the case. The Powder has seen you know some of the most improvement and then just wondering for overall portfolio can you continue to see, just the remarkable efficiencies that you all talked about in the last couple of quarters. 
Bill Thomas: Yeah, good morning Neal. Yeah, we are super excited about the Powder. It's got a lot of obviously upside, and we're in a learning curve. So we are testing as Billy talked about, different parts of the play, but particularly we are testing the targeting and the completion technology. So the wells will vary a little bit as we go through that process, but we're learning and that we're not really in a hurry. We want to take advantage of a learning curve before we you know increase activity there significantly.  We don't have a lot of acreage exploration issues there. So we've got plenty of inventory in all the places of the company. So we can bring that on at the proper speed to maximize the returns and lower costs and build the inventory correctly. 
Neal Dingmann : Okay, and then just one separate one if I could. It appears to me your exploration program remains this year a bit more active than we’ve seen in the last year or two. I’m just kind of curious if you all are focused here on ramp in one potential area or are you all looking at several potential plays when we look at the exploration. 
Bill Thomas: I’m going to ask – Neal, I’m going to ask Ezra to comment on that. 
Ezra Yacob: Yes Neal, this is Ezra. We have multiple opportunities that we have this year that were both leasing and testing this year. As Bill highlighted a few minutes ago, really the goal of the exploration program this year is to add quality to our inventory and not just quantity. What we mean by that is you know it all starts with the rock quality and so we're looking at – we basically, you know the advantage of having activity in six different basins this year as we drilled these wells, we collect a lot of data and we're able to formulate that data and that's really the basis for what has created our exploration effort this year. I'm looking at this better rock quality.  We think that this rock quality we are targeting will really benefit from our horizontal drilling and completions techniques and as Bill said, should provide us an opportunity to add lower finding cost and higher quality of inventories to our already robust portfolio. 
Neal Dingmann : Thank you so much guys.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Bob Brackett of Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Bob Brackett : I had a question on the electric frac spreads. You quoted the $200,000 per well savings. Part of that is the fuel arbitrage diesel verses nat-gas and part of it is the cost you’re paying the service provider. Is there a way I can think about how those two offset each other? 
Billy Helms : Yeah Bob, this is Billy Helms. Yeah the $200,000 savings, I'd say the majority of that is simply in the fuel cost savings and the reason why it benefits us so much is we're using it in place where we have readily available infrastructure to be able to access gas as a fuel source, relative to diesel as a traditional frac fleet not used. They also do provide us a great deal of a step up and efficiency gains to, so our efficiency games there provide I'd say the balance of the savings, but the majority of it is based on the fuel savings alone. So I wouldn’t want to mislead you there, the efficiency gains are really good, but the majority is fuel savings. 
Bob Brackett : Great, thanks. Follow-on would be, if we think about the 740 net planned completion for 2019 and wanting to hit that activity level, how would you balance that against the macro sell-off in the commodity where price fell and cash flow fell. Would you stick to the plan, would you trim the plan in order to hit cash flow? Where does that balance play out? 
Bill Thomas : Yeah Bob, this is Bill. Certainly you know we are going to run the business with the balance cash flow. You know we're not going to outstand cash flow. So you know depending on our view of the length of that, you know downturn and oil process, we thought it was temporary. You know we might not make much adjustments, but we thought it was a super long term. You know we would certainly readjust the company.  Our goal you know is not to grow specifically, our goal is returns. We are focused on increasing corporate returns going forward, generating strong free cash flow, certainly we're committed to the dividend very strongly as a company. So those all have a super priority in the company and we're here for the long term, we are going to run our business right, we're going to generate maximum value for our shareholders. 
Bob Brackett : Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Doug Leggate: Thanks, good morning everyone. Bill, I think you’ve kind of set the cat amongst the pigeons by talking about the uncertain outlook for 2020. I think we're all facing the same thing, but I wonder if I could speak to how you would see relative capital allocation in the event that we did have a downturn. It's really – thinking more along the lines of sustaining capital and then beyond that how you a would allocate incremental dollars. If you could just elaborate a little bit as to what I'm trying to get at.  The IRRs are very competitive across your entire portfolio, but the productivity is obviously very different in different plays for the same return. So I'm just curious as to how reallocate or allocating capital to your highest return plays would impact the relative productivity outlook in a downturn. I know it’s kind of a complicated issue, but that’s what I’m trying to get at. 
Bill Thomas : Yeah Doug, I appreciate it, your question. Good morning. We have got tremendous flexibility to allocate capital. We have such an enormously strong premium inventory and it’s across multiple plays. So as I answered in the previous question, you know we're not interested in outstanding cash flow, certainly not on a long term basis. We are going to stay super disciplined and make sure that we generate free cash flow every year.  So you know if we had – we don't believe we’re going to have an extended downturn or low downturn, but it’s in an extreme case that we did that, you know we would just tighten the belt all across the company. We would focus our capital on the highest return plays and we would allocate capital appropriately to the macro environment.  So we're focused on returns and we believe we can generate the highest returns of any company in the E&P business at the lowest oil price scenarios, because we have the highest reinvestment hurdle of any E&P company we know. And so our premium inventory is good to go at $40 oil and that allows EOG to be the low cost provider of oil and gives us a tremendous competitive advantage. 
Doug Leggate: I know it's not an easy question to answer, so I'm going to follow-up with an even worse question, I apologize. You've also – I don't know if the language was deliberate on your dividend comment on the press release, but targeting, setting out a target yield kind of starts to bring in considerations of how the market thinks about valuations, something about dividend discount models, which then begs a couple of obvious questions as one, what do you see is the appropriate growth rate for the dividend? This is supported basically by what you said earlier about not less than 14% oil growth.  And then related to that, those implications for the payout ratio, have you – do you have parameters around that, that you could share with us when you've kind of lead out this subject of up 2% yield. Because it’s basically that you know we can all come up with long term projections of what that could look like, but some framework around that would be helpful. 
Bill Thomas : Yes certainly, Doug. Our goal you know is to continue to aggressively increase the dividend, certainly at the 20% right or better every year, and that would be in consideration of you know reasonable oil prices like we've seen this year, we believe we can do that or better. And so our focus is just to have a sustainable strong dividend growth every year and get the dividend up to the yield of the 2% level.  We don't have a specific timeline to give you, because we need to manage the business according to our view of the business environment obviously going forward, but directionally you know we want to be competitive with the S&P500 companies and the dividend yield just like we're going to be competitive in growth and in return on capital employed. And I think the dividend yield for the S&P is about 2% and so that's where we want to be long term in the company. 
Doug Leggate: Sorry Bill, just to be clear, the 2%, does that also have an oil price parameter like a you know obviously premier locations or premium inventories at $40 oil. 2% yield is at what commodity price? 
Bill Thomas : Well no, it's not really based on that. You know the speed of which we can get the yield to that level of course would be you know have oil price considerations. But we are lowering the price of the company to be very successful as we said in the opening remarks, where we can do it very well at 50 with oil in the 50’s right now. But we are really heading the company to where we can be successful with oil in the 40’s. So overtime you know we believe we believe we can be competitive on the dividend returns and growth with oil in the 40’s. 
Doug Leggate: Understood. Thanks for taking the question. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Please go ahead. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning. I’ve just been listening to the lower decline stuff of great interest and I just thought I'd ask you if we think of a typical first year, unconventional decline is say 60%, can you roughly quantify how much the decline rates could be modified with these new exploration plays that you've been discussing? I don't mean the corporate decline, I mean of the well decline in one of these new plays. 
Bill Thomas: Yeah Jeffrey, this is Bill. You know, we are really in the early process of testing these plays and so we just need to get some well results behind us to give you specific numbers on that and some history. But these are plays that have better matrix probability than a typical shale play. We are not looking for a rock that has nanodarcy firm. This is really more microdarcy, maybe even millidarcy firm kind of rocks and there are also rocks that would respond really well to the horizontal completion technology.  So we even get a complex fracture pattern, where you can drill long laterals, etcetera, and you can contact a lot of this better probability rock to wellbore. And so that combination and just in general will give you a high recovery for the metal oil in place, but it also gives you lower decline rates than the current shale plays. 
Jeffrey Campbell: And that sounds really interesting. We look forward to hearing more about that in the future. I think my other question is I believe last quarter you said that the Eagle Ford EUR program was completed or more or less complete. I just wondered, do you have any other programs going on anywhere else in the portfolios that’s experimenting with or seeking to try to capture more resource, total resource from the wells than what we typically expect in an unconventional resource. 
Bill Thomas: I’m going to ask Ken to comment on that. 
Ken Boedeker : Yeah, this is Ken. We have about 150 wells in our enhanced delivery process in the Eagle Ford and we are really are seeing premium results in line with our 30% to 70% ad in our primary recovery. You know we are really watching our program and refining our process as we go, the process that you want to do after your primary drilling is complete. So we're going to evaluate expanding that EUR footprint in that area as we finish primary drilling in the surrounding units. As far as expanding that into other areas, we are constantly evaluating that, but we are not expanding that process into any of the other formations at this time. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great, thank you. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, very impressive progress on the cost reduction initiatives. I guess basically you're sort of in 80% your targets here, you know by mid-year on the well costs. Just wanted to get a sense – I know it’s probably you know difficult question. Of course no one can kind of predict the future here, but just based on efficiencies, do you guys think that it's realistic that you might be able to knock another say 5% off those costs again in 2020 or 2021. 
Bill Thomas: Good morning Leo. I’m going to ask Billy to comment on that. 
Billy Helms : Yeah Leo, first of all let me just say, we're extremely proud of the efforts that are operational teams have made to get to the 4% hurdle halfway through the year. When we set our 5% goal out at the start of the year, I think you know we had no idea exactly how quickly they would get there, but confidence that they would and they've excelled just tremendously.  You know being able to accomplish another 5% next year, it's a little early to say where that’s going to come from, but I do have confidence that we'll be able to continue to lower costs. I mean there's no doubt in my mind that we can continue to push well cost down. And not just well costs, but also our unit costs, you know we're making tremendous progress there.  So I don't want to go without given those guys a kudos as well, because they've done a great job and I guess we just have so much confidence in our teams, that I know we can achieve continued cost reductions across the board. 
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's great. And I guess just, you know wanted to – a quick question on some of the guidance here. So just looking at your third quarter U.S. oil production guidance versus the last few quarters, just noticing that you're kind of rate of growth in U.S. oil slows a little bit in the third quarter. Just wanted to get a sense if there is anything to read into that or is that just kind of timing sort of on well tie-ins here. 
Billy Helms : Yeah Leo, this is Billy again. Yeah the rate of growth certainly slows a little bit in the third quarter, but really it falls directly in line with what our plan was laid out at the start the year, and as you know most of our activity in capital expenditure was in the first half, so that's where you're going to see most your production growth.  So it will modestly decrease; the rate of growth will modestly decreased a little bit the third and fourth, but we're still on pace to really stay within our plan and then we're not concerned at all about how that sets up for the following year. We are still in great shape as we go into the next year as well. 
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's very helpful, and I guess just any you know follow-up thoughts on U.S. exports. Obvious you guys unveiled incremental volumes that should be shipping out you know last quarter and certainly made a point to put it in your slide. As you kind of look at the marketing side over the next couple years, do you guys think that U.S. oil exports are going to become even more important for you, and is that an area you are going to be looking to expand going forward.
Bill Thomas : Let me let Lance comment on that. 
Lance Terveen: Hey Leo, good morning. This is Lance. How are you? 
Leo Mariani: Great.
Lance Terveen: Yeah good. Hey, here on the exports it's definitely exciting. You know as we’ve talked about in the past we've got our – you know today we've got our existing Houston capacity, you know we're taking advantage of that, but we get more excited about next year with our capacity growing in corpus.  So I think one of the things that really you know to think about us from an EOG standpoint, what really differentiates us is when you think about the Corpus capacity, we're going to have the capability to really show you know our segregated WTL, you know that we are going to be able to show across the docks and we're also going to be able to show our Eagle Ford as well.  So I think, you know when you look a lot of peers and you look at a lot of our, you know the competition that’s out there too, our capability with our transportation capacity, the storage tankage that we have, ability to deliver segregations you know into the market, you know we're going to be able to show multiple grades across the market.  And yes, absolutely, I think you're seeing you know spread tighten up and I think we don't see any concerns as it relates to export capacity, you know at least in the short term. But I think one of the more important points to make is you know if you call export capacity right at 4.5 million barrels per day of export capacity.  What we felt was very important is that we secured existing Brownfield capacity, so that way if you do see price dislocations that do occur maybe at the dock. You know we're advantaged there because we're not waiting in on permitting; we're not waiting on doc expansion. So our capacity is going to ramp-up you know as we move in to next year and I think that's going to be key because you know we can really take advantage of the values if there is a dislocation.  And again we've got the flexibility that we can pivot our barrels and we can supply our great customers or domestic refiners. But then we can also supply to international markets as well. So we've got a full range you know in our portfolio there Leo. 
Leo Mariani: Okay, well that's great color. Maybe just on that point, do you think there’s a decent chance there could be dislocations over the next couple years? Just wanted to get a sense how you are thinking about that piece. 
Lance Terveen: Yeah, I'm not going to speculate you know. I think when you've definitely seen you know when you look at the forward curves, you can see kind of the Brent NEH spreads and that's right around $3, so it definitely shows that the export order is opened you know, but I think for us, you’ve seen – we talked about in our opening comments too about the Permian, kind of the Gulf Coast spreads, it’s definitely narrowed.  So I think really where you could possibly see the price dislocation is that you got a lot of oil that’s going to show up at Corpus and there's going to be some players that aren’t going to have secure dock capacity, and so there could be a dislocation that occurred there. But as it relates to EOG and what we've done, we went ahead and kind of take that – we took that variable time out of the play. As we think about our growth and then our capacity ramping up and then how we're going to place barrels in the next four months. 
Operator: And our next question today comes Paul Sankey from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Good morning all. Just kind of bringing together everything that you talked about this morning, well I was wondering, just in terms of your comp, that’s your position against the oil industry as opposed to the whole market, where do you think you are furthest ahead of the industry and where do you think is the furthest to go and obviously I'm talking about the various components of your business, whether it's the acreage, the exploration, drilling, fracking, operating, transport and even decline rates. Thanks. 
Bill Thomas: Yeah, good morning Paul. You know clearly the competitive advantage that EOG has is our culture. Our culture is just amazing. It really drives all the success of the company. We have tremendous assets because the culture has built out over the years through our exploration efforts. You know we have tremendous cost reduction, continuous sustainable cost reduction, because our culture never is satisfied. It's just continually innovative and it continues to figure out better ways to run our business.  So really the confidence that we have about the direction of the company to be able to be very successful, even with oil process in the 40’s is really due to our culture. And of course that's supported by a lot of different things. We have a core competency obviously in exploration; we’ve got a core competency in operations, you know we drilled the wells the fastest in the U.S. and the lowest comps, leading completion technology.  We have by far the most advanced information technology systems where we can make real time decisions continuously across the company and the real value of the company is coming from every person in the company, the value of EOG is not top down driven, it's really from every person in the company. So that's our – that's where we have the lead and that is not easily duplicated. It's taken us three decades to build a culture of where it is right now and we believe our culture is improving as we go forward. So we're super excited about where EOG is and where we're heading. 
Paul Sankey: Thanks Bill. If I could make it much more specific, could you just talk a bit more about e-fracking; that seems to be very interesting. Thank you.
Bill Thomas: Yeah Paul, I’m going to ask Billy to comment on that. 
Billy Helms : Yeah Paul, as far as e-fracking goes, you know we got into the idea of utilizing the electric frac fleets, mainly because we are attracted by the efficiency gains, as well as the cost reduction. The efficiency gains is what really we view as being sustainable to help lower our cost long term and that has continued to get better with continued use.  We've got four of those frac fleets operating today in the Eagle Ford and the Delaware basin and we're always looking for ways to continue to utilize our infrastructure to enable that to be spread into other plays. So I think as you look forward, we will look for opportunities to continue to put those in new plays.  It's unique and that the fuel savings are mainly achieved through not only the cost of the gas, but really our ability, the ability of our facility teams to get ahead of the completions and come up with innovative solutions to get the gas readily available to the frac fleets and without that infrastructure and those teams enabling to do that, we wouldn’t be able to take advantage of it to the extent that we are. So just super proud of that effort and where it's taken us. 
Paul Sankey: Yeah, just a quick follow up. Could you talk about the capacity of that and we'll see – I think you mentioned how big you are in the market. Could you just repeat how much of it you'll go in with I think. 
A - Bill Thomas: Yeah, I think you know what we're hearing and certainly this number might move a little bit, but there's currently about 11 frac fleets available in the market today. We're using about four of those and our frac fleet count varies you know week to week, but typically we’re running about 16 frac fleets, 15 or 16. So that's about a quarter of our frac fleet in the company. 
End of Q&A:
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this includes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Thomas for any final remarks. 
Bill Thomas : In closing, I first want to say thank you to everyone at EOG for their tremendous contribution to our performance in the first half of 2019. We're proud and honored to be on the same team. The company is performing at the highest level in history and we continue to improve every quarter. We’re excited about the second half of the year and the years beyond. We’re focused on returns and creating significant long term value. Well, thanks for listening and thanks for your support.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Today’s conference has now concluded and we thank you all for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day!

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources First Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2019 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and they are accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. Here’s Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. EOG's goal is clear and simple, be one of the best companies across all sectors in the S&P 500 by realizing double-digit returns and double-digit organic growth through the commodity cycles. Our stellar first quarter performance demonstrates that we are lowering the cost of oil required to achieve that goal. We're confident in our ability to continue to decouple our performance from the commodity price cycles and that our sustainable business model will consistently deliver excellent results in the future. As a result, the Board of Directors approved a 31% increase to our dividend rate. The annualized dividend is now $1.15 per share and represents the largest single dollar increase in EOG's history. This is a tremendous vote of confidence in EOG's future and demonstrates a strong commitment to capital discipline and returning cash to shareholders through the dividend. Our premium combination of high returns and organic growth is evident in every area of the company with 2019 shaping up to be one of the best operating performances in the company history. Well costs and operating costs are falling, and well productivity is strong. EOG is growing all volumes at lower cost per barrel than ever before. We are excited about 2019 and the outstanding operational and the financial results we are delivering. Some of the highlights this quarter include year-over-year oil growth of 20%, exiting the high-end of our crude oil production target, capital expenditure below the low end of expectations, strong year-over-year lease operating and transportation per unit cost reductions, additional reductions and completed well costs. And we secured significant crude oil export capacity increasing our ability to receive the best prices. EOG continues to improve unit costs, capital efficiency and profitability. In fact, we made the same amount of net income compared to the first quarter of last year with significantly lower oil prices, a remarkable achievement demonstrating EOG's resiliency to low oil prices and the company's sustainable ability to continuously improve. In addition to great results this year, we're excited about the steps we're taking to improve future results due our organic exploration of new high-quality plays. Our exploration focus in 15 years of experience drilling horizontal oil wells has generated mountains of proprietary data that gives us an edge in identifying new plays. We have 13 years of premium oil inventory. So we are squarely focused on further improving the quality of our inventory rather than just adding more quantity. Adding a low-cost organic inventory with better [rock] [ph] will enable the company to grow oil at lower costs and higher margins for years to come. At EOG, we have an unwavering commitment to creating shareholder value through our long-standing business model, exploration-driven organic growth, operational excellence, technical leadership all underpinned by a distinctive culture. Our decentralized structure and focus on returns combined with our entrepreneurial, pleased but never satisfied mindset, continues to produce outstanding result today, and is set to produce sustainable improvements in the future. EOG has never been in better shape. And the company has never had a brighter future. Next up is Billy to review our first quarter operational performance and outlook for the remainder of 2019.
Billy Helms: Thank you, Bill. Before I go into the quarter results, I want to be clear on this point. We will not increase CapEx. We remain confident in our 2019 plan, and activity will be adjusted throughout the year to achieve our production and capital objectives. Now, onto the first quarter, our results reflect our tremendous efficiency gains that were beginning to emerge late last year and materialized more fully early this year. We delivered more oil, producing 436,000 barrels per day, exceeding our forecast. To be more specific, the wells completed at the end of last year are outperforming our forecast. And that trend has continued into the first quarter of this year. Of equal importance, we spent less capital than expected. Our capital was well below our forecast for the quarter, as we are realizing the increase in efficiencies across our operations. Unit operating cost performance was also stellar, coming in at the low end of our forecast. And in the case of lease operating expense, we were well below our forecast. It’s important to note that our strong operational execution is not related to the reduction in service costs, it’s driven by our relentless quest for continuous improvements and our intense focus on developing new technology. All areas of our operations contributed to EOG's first quarter execution and capital efficiency. First, our drilling teams continued to markedly improve their drilling times and performance. More importantly, the consistency of the improved performance can be seen across our entire rig fleet. This is a result of two factors. One, we made the decision to maintain the high performing drilling teams and services that are now consistently executing our internally engineered drilling program. In each of our major areas of activity, we continued to achieve new record drilling times and costs. And two, our drilling teams continued to adopt new technology processes and specialized tools that improve both drilling performance and repeatability. Ideas are developed in-house and deployed by partnering with service providers. For example, eliminating even one trip where the drill bed must be brought back to service can save up to $100,000. To capture those savings, we first analyze then design the best down hole motor to use in our bottom hole assembly and took additional step of bringing quality assurance in-house. As a result of having direct control of this equipment, we have observed a pronounced reduction in the number of trips, while also improving the rate of penetration. Together, reducing the trips and increasing the penetration rate is saving up to $400,000 per well. It’s this type of innovation that helps EOG continue to deliver best-in-class drilling performance across all of our plays. Second, our completion teams are experimenting with new design advancements that combine both technique and the use of new diverting agents. This proprietary formula is noticeably improving well performance, and equally important reducing completion costs. Well performance in these low permeability reservoirs improves due to enhanced fracture complexity. Completion costs are reduced due to lower material costs, and faster execution allows us to complete more lateral feet per day. The result is a solid improvement in our capital efficiency. Further testing and production time will yield more fulsome data and place specific recipes for each of our operating areas. But suffice to say that the early results are encouraging. Finally, investments in strategic water, oil and gas infrastructure along with gathering partnerships allow us to leverage our scale in our core operating areas and are having a long-term sustainable impact on our operating costs, particularly lease operating expenses. We continue to evaluate additional high return, long-term impact opportunities to further reduce costs. In summary, we've had a great start to 2019. Our operational teams are on track to deliver on our improved capital efficiency goals. Average well costs across our portfolio are down about 2.5%, halfway toward our 5% goal for the year. We've made significant progress towards our goal to reduce per barrel finding costs. These improvements will continue to drive down our DD&A rate over time, and along with unit operating costs improvements, enable EOG to achieve our return objective in low commodity price environments. Here's Lance to provide a marketing update highlighted by our recent progress to secure Gulf Coast export capacity.
Lance Terveen: Thanks, Billy. EOG has established marketing agreements that provide access to crude oil export markets in Corpus Christi and Houston. Our capacity in Corpus Christi will ramp up from 100,000 barrels of oil per day in 2020 to 250,000 barrels of oil per day in 2022. We expect to sell crude oil to export markets from multiple plays, including the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basins. As we illustrate on Slide 19, EOG will control its crude volumes from the basin all the way across the dock as our agreements provides for pipeline capacity, terminal tankage, and dock access. With the options of price our crude oil further downstream, we expand our flexibility to sell products to domestic or international markets, whichever provides the highest margins. This optionality ensures strong price discovery and liquidity for EOG barrels. Our export marketing agreements are an example of our integrated marketing strategy, which is designed to achieve four objectives. First is control. Control means firm capacity of our product to the point where margins are maximized. Second is flexibility. We plan ahead to establish multiple options to deliver product to the highest net back market. Third is diversification. We take a portfolio approach knowing the optimal net back price will move around faster than we can adjust transportation agreements. Fourth is duration. We prefer shorter term contracts to avoid long-term high costs fix commitments. This strategy is reflected in advantage positioning of oil take away in the Permian Basin. EOG controls these barrels from the wellhead to the sales point. Delaware Basin barrels are transported out of basin on a fit for purpose gathering system for five pipeline interconnect points, which can transport the well anywhere from Cushing, Houston, Corpus Christi and even Midland. And we have accomplished this with limited long-term commitments and competitive transportation rates. This strategy paid off in the first quarter. Despite the volatility of oil and natural gas prices in the Permian, EOG was able to flow all of its production and realize strong prices during the quarter. In aggregate, EOG's realized U.S. oil price was $1.21 above WTI in the first quarter, and our U.S. gas price is only $0.36 below Henry Hub. This is a tremendous achievement in navigating the volatile market. Crude oil and natural gas marketing is an integral part of EOG's value creation strategy. We anticipate future infrastructure needs to protect flow assurance and diversify our marketing options so that we can maximize our price realizations, net of transportation costs. We accomplish this by working closely with our operating teams in each of our major plays and divisions to understand the potential future development plans and by keeping up both on market fundamentals of each product and marketing point. Our proven marketing strategy has helped EOG successfully navigate bottlenecks across all areas of operations, including most recently in the Permian basin. We measure the success of marketing efforts through our price realizations, which we highlight on slide number 20, as well as the transportation costs we incurred to deliver our production to market. Next up is Ken to review the Eagle Ford highlights.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks Lance. The Eagle Ford remains the workhorse asset for EOG, earning high returns and delivering sustainable growth, while generating strong cash flow. EOG has been developing the Eagle Ford for about 10 years. However, less than 40% of the identified locations have been drilled. Last year Eagle Ford production grew 9%. We forecast the Eagle Ford is capable of growing, for at least 10 more years at premium rates of return, while generating significant cash flow in excess of capital expenditures each year. More importantly, we believe the capital productivity of the Eagle Ford will continue to improve in the years ahead. Sustainable cost reduction has been a key theme throughout our 10-year history developing the Eagle Ford. Even in a play that is already accumulated significant operating efficiencies, we were able to reduce drilling costs by 7%, and increase completed lateral fleet per day by over 50% in the first quarter of 2019 compared to 2018. In fact, the first quarter of 2019 was our best drilling efficiency quarter that we've ever had in the Eagle Ford on a dollar per foot basis, highlighting our culture of always getting better. On the production side, we're continuing our efforts to further optimize artificial lift and manage water production, which will help us control lease operating expenses longer term. Drilling in our Western Eagle Ford acreage continues to deliver strong premium returns, net present value, finding costs and capital efficiency. Our Western acreage will be a crucial component of long-term growth for the play, and we expect it will make up the majority of our Eagle Ford drilling program by 2021, growing from about 40% of our program in 2019. Capital efficiency in the West is caught up over time and is nearing parity with the East as illustrated on Slide 39. Compared to the East laterals in the West are longer and per foot drilling costs are lower, so productivity and economics per well are competitive. Our proprietary enhanced oil recovery process in the Eagle Ford continues to perform the technical and commercial expectations. EUR is a secondary recovery process in this play and primary development remains the main focus of our operations in 2019. The EUR footprint will be expanded after a larger portion of the play has been fully developed. The best days of the Eagle Ford are still ahead. We continue to convert non-premium inventory to premium status through sustainable cost reductions, productivity improvements and leasehold consolidation. The Eagle Ford is a strong growth asset for EOG, and we expect it to remain one for many years ahead. Now here's Ezra to discuss the Delaware basin.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Ken. In the Delaware basin, we continue to improve on operational momentum we gained last year. Retaining top-performing drilling rigs and completion crews toward the end of 2018 had an immediate impact on the first quarter. We drilled and completed 78 gross wells across six different premium targets with just 18 rigs and seven completion crews. Compared to the first quarter of 2018, we drilled and completed 42% more lateral fleet. However, we use one less rig and one less completion crew. As a result, we’ve made strong progress towards our full year cost reduction goals. In addition, we reduced drilling days by 29%, transferred 99% of our water by pipe, which reduces traffic and saved $2 per barrel compared to trucking. Source more than 70% of our water through reuse and reduced total wells cost by 5%. Finally, first quarter wells are outperforming our expectations and we beat our production and financial targets for the first quarter, including capital expenditures. The result is a first quarter development program that achieved in all-in finding costs below $10 per barrel of equivalent, while earning $9 million of MPB per well, and an average 100% direct rate of return. EOG is a vast industry leading 400,000 net acre position in the core of the Delaware Basin. The rock is about one mile thick and geologically complex. Due to our 15 years of experience drilling horizontal oil wells, we have accelerated the learning curve in this basin. As a result, even though the Delaware Basin is still early in its evolution and one of our highest growth areas, this asset is already creating significant value through high return drilling, low operating expense and positive cash flow just three short years since focusing on its development. I’ll now turn is over to Tim Driggers to discuss our financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ezra. EOG had strong financial performance in the first quarter. The company generated discretionary cash flow of $1.9 billion, invested $1.7 billion in capital expenditures before acquisitions, which was below the low end of our guidance and paid $128 million in dividends. This left $55 million in free cash flow. In addition, we invested $303 million in bolt-on property acquisitions located in new exploration areas. As part of our debt reduction plan, we expect to repay the $900 million bonds scheduled to mature on June 1 with cash on hand, which, as of March 31st was $1.1 billion. I’m happy to report Moody’s recognized EOG's growing financial strength last month upgrading EOG's credit rating to A3 with the stable outlook. To quote the Moody’s press release announcing the upgrade the company stated. The upgrade of EOG's rating into the A category recognizes the company’s high capital productivity, backed by operating excellence and a long life high quality asset base that will continue to underpin the strong credit profile and that a number of oil price scenarios. The A3 rating is also supported by the company’s conservative financial policies. Last but not least, we announced the dividend increase of 31% in the yesterday’s earnings release. The indicated annual rate is now $1.15 per share. EOG have added hedges for 150,000 barrels of oil per day at an average price of $62.50. This covers about one-third of our crude oil production over the remainder of 2019. For natural gas, we added hedges for 250,000 MMBTU per day at an average price of $2.90, which is about 20% of our U.S. natural gas production through October. We believe the decision to lock in a portion of our crude - our current crude oil and natural gas prices is prudent considering the volatility and prices and high return on investment of our capital program at these prices. I’ll turn it back over to Bill for closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. I have a few highlights to leave you with. First, we are running under plan on capital and over plan on volumes, and we’re not raising capital. Second, EOG has tremendous momentum across all facets of the business, drilling, completions, operating expenses, marketing and exploration. Third, we're still getting better. Along with continuous cost reduction and strong well performance, we're optimistic our low cost organic exploration efforts this year will increase the quality of our inventory even further and lower the cost of future oil production. Fourth, our export marketing agreements provide direct access to international markets and expand our ability to capture the best prices. Fifth, the dividend increase shows our confidence in our sustainable business model to deliver performance through the commodity price cycles. And finally, our sustainable business model is driven by our culture. We have an insatiable drive to continue to get better. We're confident EOG can deliver double-digit returns and double-digit growth and achieve our goal of being one of the best performing companies in the S&P500 through commodity price cycles, long into the future. Thanks for listening. And now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question will come from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust Robinson, Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: My first question, maybe, Bill, for you. Could you all speak to your plans of -- you've done a great job of balancing growth for shareholder return. And, really, when you look at that, you've almost doubled now your dividend in the last year, while production growing about 30% here over the last year. So oil was up only about 15%. So my question would be, specifically if oil stays here or goes higher, would you stick with the 12% to 16% oil growth plans? And if so, what would you do with the potential material amount of free cash flow?
Bill Thomas: First of all, I think it's really clear we said that on our first call of the year that we're not going to be shifting into a lower growth mode. And we don't have specifics on 2020 oil growth. But certainly, you can think of the company in the -- our 14% oil growth target this year is really a bit on the low end. And so we're really focused on high return oil growth. And that's the way we believe will create the most value for our shareholders on the long-term. You heard, I think from Ezra, the tremendous rates of return and the NPV we're creating on each well we're drilling. So that's the priority for us in the future. And that's way we think we're going to continue to generate the most value in the long term.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. And maybe my second question would be for Billy or Ezra, could you just discuss, particularly in the Perm, your PDP decline expectations, I mean, in the prepared remarks, I think you all commented just how much better these new wells are than a year ago. So I'm just wondering is that true as far as how these wells are holding up? Or just anything you could discuss towards how you're seeing these wells after a number of months?
Billy Helms: Yes, Neal. This is Billy. I think in general across all of our plays, you see that as we drill longer laterals that doesn’t necessarily translate to directionally higher IP 30s per well. But we see the performance hang in there longer, you see little bit lot lower decline over time. And I think that's really, if you look at the first quarter results, that's what's driving a lot of our performance, sustained improvement in all our programs. And it's a function of just the quality of the wells, the better execution across the wells and the focus of the teams. Ezra, you want to add anything or?
Ezra Yacob: I'll just highlight too that the team's done a great job in the Permian in the last year really learning a lot about the reservoir, figuring out across our acreage position, which targets need to be co-developed together, the spacing both horizontally and vertically. And when you combine that increase in well productivity with our excellent operational execution, that's why you're seeing the lower finding cost I discussed in the opening remarks and the higher capital efficiency, which we've great success, is going to continue throughout the year.
Operator: The next question will be from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: So I would just like to touch on the acquisition capital and, obviously you're not going to tell us where you're acquiring, I guess. But some ideas to what we can expect that plays to look like going forward was -- first quarter very much one off or should we expect some kind of sustainable level of acquisition spending as we go forward?
Bill Thomas: Doug, your question, because it's difficult to hear you, it was a little bit garbled. So could you be a little bit more clear there?
Doug Leggate: I apologize. I'm on my cell phone. I'd be coming in okay now Bill.
Bill Thomas: Yes, go ahead.
Doug Leggate: So my question was on the level of acquisition capital going forward. Was first quarter very much a one-off or should we expect acquisition capital to be something of a repeating pattern as we go forward for a period?
Bill Thomas: Okay. Thank you. That was better. Yes, we, as you know the company, we're not really focused on corporate M&As. But we do occasionally look at bolt-on type acquisitions and they're focused primarily in our exploration plays. And these acquisitions are very low cost and very, very high potential, obviously, or we wouldn't be interested in doing them. And they're kind of one-offs. And so it's not something you're going to see repeatedly over every quarter. And so I'm not saying we're not going to do another one this year or not. We don't have any plans at this point to do anymore. But they're really opportunistic drilling, opportunistic given and certainly our focus on very, very high return and low cost drilling potential.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer. Hopefully you can still hear me. My follow-up is just a quick one. Obviously, really pleased to see the dividend increase, I'm sure a lot of people would applaud that. But I'm curious, what do you think the right payout ratio as for an E&P company in other words, as you get to where your longer-term plans go, what do you think that right percentage of your operating cash flow should be being returned to shareholders? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Well, certainly, I think that's operator or company dependent, I don't think there's any one answer for any company. For EOG, specifically we’re generating super high, fantastic returns on every dollar we spend. And so we believe our allocation on reinvesting in very, very high rate premium drilling is a number one priority. We also strongly believe as we’ve demonstrated this quarter in strong, sustainable dividend growth. And we think that’s the best way to get cash back to shareholders. And then, we're also very focused on having a pristine balance sheet. And we think that’s just a fundamental good business practice. And it gives us an enormous advantage, especially for counter cyclic opportunities in the future. So that’s kind of our allocation. And I think that's very unique to EOG's business model. And I think it’s very sustainable for us.
Operator: The next question will be from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: I have a question about your CapEx just year-over-year. If you look at the way you guys have had posted 1Q, and your guidance for 2Q, you have a first half is heavier than the back half. And we saw that same pattern in 2018. So my question is that a feature or manifestation of your planning process? Or was that more just a coincidence with the way that 2019, 2018 had shaken out?
Billy Helms: Yes, Charles. This is Billy Helms. So yes, our first quarter CapEx was about 27% of our total annual budget. And in the first half, you can look at our guidance will be slightly more weighted towards the first half than we are in the second half. And we have confidence that we’ll be able to meet our capital on production goals for the year. So I expect as we go through the year, you’ll see us adjust our schedule, probably slight reduction in the second half. But also it’s not just related to the cadence of rigs. We also have infrastructure spend and lease hold spend that happens in a quarter. So I think we’re very - what I would say is we’re very confident. We’ll be able to make our production goal and stay within our CapEx that we’ve outlined. And it’s really kind of early to provide guidance for how we’ll ratio that down through the year. And we have a lot of flexibility operating multiple basins. So it will fluctuate as we go through the year.
Charles Meade: And then one, I guess kind of more targeted question on the Delaware Basin position. I noticed that the - your Bone Springs laterals are significantly shorter. I think its 5,500 lateral feet versus really 7,500 or 7,800 on other zones in that same basin. Can you elaborate a little bit on what maybe going on there? Is it about the lease configuration where you’re developing those Bone Springs? Or was a more decision about the way you need to stimulate that formation?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles, this is Ezra. That’s a great question. Really, you picked up on there in the lateral half of your question, it really just comes down the lease configuration where shape of our drilling units are. I think in general, as you’ve seen, as we look back at our well results quarter-over-quarter, we’re trying to get longer with our laterals across all of our plays. And the reason for that is that simply the cost per foot is so much less that are really increases the capital efficiency. And so I'd look in the future to see that Bone Spring getting longer as well.
Operator: The next question will be from Tim Rezvan of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Tim Rezvan: Eagle Ford inventory depth remains a focus for investors. And I noted pretty interesting comments in the release about high grading the residual 4,900 non premium locations. Is this just a matter of sort of cheaper well costs, longer laterals and the new completions? Or is it really more toward from a delineation or aspiration point of view? And kind of how high is getting that number up? How high is that on your priority list this year?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Tim, this is Ken. As far as converting those non premium locations to premium, we look at that several ways, we look at that, we're trying to reduce the well costs and improve the productivity of the wells. So we're always looking at being able to do that and looking at all the different areas. We're actually doing several different packages and tests to improve our conversion of non-premium to premium throughout the year and throughout our acreage position. So we have a significant number of those laterals to drill this year and we have a significant number to convert in the future. We're also drilling a lot longer laterals as we go towards the West. And that'll help convert some of those non premium wells to premium.
Tim Rezvan: Okay. So you expect to see that number, maybe grand higher throughout the year?
Ken Boedeker: That's what we're working towards.
Tim Rezvan: Then my follow-up, your proxy came out in March, and it's stated that less than 90% of wells drilled in 2018 qualified as premium. I was hoping to better understand what that means. Does that mean that well level returns didn't hit threshold? Or does it mean that there was more exploratory drilling in that year? And just thinking about maybe how we should think about that in 2019 given the exploratory focus? Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Tim, it means that a few of the wells that we drilled, and there is a very few in the total package of wells we drilled last year were either step-out wells or exploration wells in areas where we did -- maybe didn't have the infrastructure in place or we're on the learning curve in some of the spacing tests didn't quite make the 30% after tax rate return at $40 flat. It doesn't mean those wells didn’t or weren't really strong economics. Those wells are fantastic economics, probably better than the -- probably are non premium. Those are better than the average for the whole industry on returns. But it was just a very few of those. And that's what we have.
Tim Rezvan: And just to push, do you have a number on that? Is that 11% or is it kind of higher number?
Bill Thomas: I’m sorry. Off the top of my head, I don't have the number.
Operator: The next question will be from Paul Grigel of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Grigel: In the release you discussed testing additional targets in the Woodford. Could you elaborate on what you would be seeing there? And what timeframe we could see results from that portion of the program?
Ken Boedeker: Yes, this is Ken. We're continuing to test other areas in the Woodford. As we get additional information on that and anything material we’ll release to you guys. I would like to make a point we've really made great strides in the operational efficiency in that. In the Woodford play this year, we've almost dropped our drilling costs down and met our target for the year. So we do still plan to complete about 30 wells in the area this year, and we're real pleased with the progress that we've made.
Paul Grigel: Okay. And then earlier in the call there was a comment made as the Eagle Ford program matures and there's more development opportunities, the expansion to EOR program will occur. Could you elaborate on -- is that by area? Is that geological testing? Is that simply you just need to make sure that the wells are matured in the pit at certain level? Just trying to understand when the EOR program could see expansion throughout the Eagle Ford?
Ken Boedeker: This is Ken again. We'll expand the EOR as we really finish up with our primary development in those areas. We'll expand that in the areas that make sense based on some of the results that we've seen already with the EOR program. So it's really a matter of finishing up primary development in a lot of those areas.
Paul Grigel: Is that a certain number of years after initial development or just trying to understand when primary development is considered to be finished?
Ken Boedeker: I would guess, I would classify primary development as finished when we quit drilling wells in those areas and we can begin the EOR process.
Operator: The next question will be from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, just wanted to follow-up a little bit on the dividend increase here. Obviously, as you pointed out very material increase for EOG, why do you get a sense is to whether or not you guys might be seeking a yield that's a little closer to kind of the 2% that the S&P 500 has you know out there? And then additionally, just with respect to the dividend, is there some kind of price level, for example, on the oil side that you guys may stress test that too? Or for example, you say hey, at $45, we need to be confident that we can manage that and still target our production growth? Just any color you had around that will be helpful.
Bill Thomas: Leo, yes, this is Bill. Yes, certainly the dividend increase is evaluated every quarter. Obviously, the macro view of oil prices and our ability to sustain the dividend is a very important thing. We've never cut the dividend ever in the history of EOG, and we don't ever want to do that. So when we make a commitment on the dividend, we make a commitment. And our commitment, the last two years has been, as we stated, we wanted to increase the dividend faster than our 19% historical average. So the last two years, we've increased to 31%. And so our focus on the future is to continue to do that. We will give a specific number, but certainly we want to have very strong dividend growth for a long number of years. And that's a commitment that we're making to our shareholders.
Leo Mariani: And I just wanted to jump over to the exploration front. I guess, clearly you guys made a couple of bolt-on acquisitions in the first quarter, and I hope that bolstering that effort. But I certainly sensed a fair bit of excitement around the exploration effort this year from your comments. I'm supposing that you're not going to be ready to share results. But just based on sort of what you're seeing out there, can you qualitatively indicate whether or not you think some of this is working, and might we get some announcements here in 2019 from EOG on that front?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this is Ezra. Thanks for the question. As we discussed earlier in the year and in the opening comments like you suggested, we’re pretty excited about the exploration opportunities. We're really focused on applying our drilling and completions techniques to higher quality unconventional reservoirs. And what really drives our process of having a multi-basin dataset that allows us to compare contrast different reservoir characteristics of each of the sweet spots in the established plays that we’re in. And we apply that to new ideas and areas. As Bill highlighted, we’re not just interested in adding quantity, but really increasing the quality of our premium inventory. And that really should continue to reduce our finding costs, lower our DDNA, and help achieve our long-term goals of double-digit growth and returns. And when we have a little more insight and color, something little more material, we’ll certainly update you guys.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That’s helpful. And I guess could have noticed the marketing sort of arrangement for the export capacity that you folks signed up here. I just wanted to get a sense has EOG already been exporting oil barrels internationally at this point? And it certainly seems that there is a potential big increase coming over the next couple of years. Just wanted to get a sense of whether or not you've already got some relationships there to international buyers out there that you’re hoping to expand?
Lance Terveen: Yes, Leo, good morning. This is Lance. So thanks for the question. Yes, when you think about the existing business, I mean we’ve been very active in Houston for quite some. I mean Houston is really kind of been our warehouses, especially since 2012 with a lot of our pipeline capacity that comes into the Houston market. But since the export bans unlisted, we’ve been actively engage there. We’ve got a tank position is there as well. So we’ve been making spot sales for quite some time, especially looking in the last year too. So we’ve been active on that front. And so we’re very excited too about our new capacity that's going to be starting up moving into next year. Really when you think about and you look at the balances in the U.S., you look at supply growth, you look at imports -- exports are going to be here the same. And we really want to have a very large position there. And having that control at the dock, we feel that just going to give us a lot of price discovery. But again it’s about portfolio approach. I mean we want to protect those realizations. And so moving into the next year and you look - we feel we’re going to be very well positioned with our -- its just unique that we’re going to have our Permian, and also our Eagle Ford that we’re going to be able to show across the dock. So we feel we’re very unique relative to when you look at the producer group on the different quality. So we’re going to be able to show to the domestic market, but then also our international customers too.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Please go ahead. 
Jeffrey Campbell: I just wanted to touch basic on the various technological efforts there analysis all the stuff you’re doing. You called it up again. And it sounded like it was, perhaps getting even more and more into the daily field operations. So I was wondering if you just give us a little bit color on that? Thank you.
Billy Helms: Yes. Jeff, this is Billy Helms. I can add a little bit of color to that. I think part of that goes down to our very culture of the company, we’re always trying to get better of what we do. And the way we do that as we look at all the details, and we gather lots and lots of data and we’ve had these systems in place for some time. And then, the key part of that is delivering that data back to our team, so they can exercise good decisions on how to improve our operations and the way we just do our business in all aspects. And we're seeing that manifest itself on the drilling highlights that we offer today as well as the completion highlight improvements that we’re seeing. So on the drilling side we’re monitoring the daily rate of penetration on all of our drilling rigs, and making sure our drilling times are not just keeping up with what we're doing, but how do we continue to get better. And so the results we're seeing today are direct reflection, our ability to gather the data and transport that back and analyze it and deliver it to the field and have the guys making the decisions. So it is part of our culture, real time returns focused decision making.
Jeffrey Campbell: So for example, the thing that you talked about earlier today, where you're coming up with new completion methods that are using diverters more effectively and you're cutting costs accordingly. These kind of efforts are emanating from all this data analysis that you just talked about?
Billy Helms: Absolutely. And we're using -- more importantly, and we're using that data real time. So we're actually making decisions based on the pressure rates -- pressures and rates we're seeing on the wells we're not only fracking, but the offset wells to make decisions about how to implement our formula. And so that's why the formula is not a cookie cutter formula you can apply everywhere, its tailored, its specifically designed by each well, by each zone, depending on the target zone and their offsets. It takes an integral approach to be able to analyze the data real time and make the right decisions.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. And if I could just ask a quick follow up to that. This is -- when we're thinking about it, is this part of the 5% goal to get costs down? Or is that 5% goal more based on logistics and contracting and that sort of thing?
Bill Thomas: No. That's a good question, Tim. I would add to that that really none of the cost savings we're seeing today are a factor of service cost reductions. It is strictly improving efficiencies, lowering our costs by doing things better as well as making better wells. So we're seeing the double effect reducing costs, improving well performance. And it's all directly related to our ability to analyze -- collect the data and analyze it real time.
Operator: The next question will be from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: My question is on sand. A sand provider recently commented that some E&Ps are switching back to northern white from local sand due to crushing reasons, which I guess there could be production and cost implications through E&Ps. And I know EOG does a lot of its own testing, and I believe you are an early mover in this area. So you probably have more data than anyone on this. Can you discuss your thoughts on kind of the treatment commentary and how much exposure you have to local sand? Any basins specifically you have would be really helpful too?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Jeanine, this is Bill. Certainly, we got a tremendous -- we got 20 years of history in horizontal shale plays. And we use every kind of sand pop-up material that's been available over the years. Currently, we're focused on using local sand, certainly in the Permian. That’s a big cost saver for us, and certainly the industry too. So we're going to continue to do that. And we're also, I think shifting to local sand in the other play, such as Eagle Ford, and many of the Rocky place, and in Oklahoma too. So that's the direction that we're focused in. And along with a diversion material, we're making significantly better wells and lower cost wells. We do have our own testing facilities. We've been engaged in capturing sand in multiple sources. And we screen it and test it. And we're very confident at the sand we use in every play. It's kind of tailor fit for each play. We're very confident that the compressive strengths and the quality of sand that we use in each play is the right mix for long-term well performance.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. I think the commentary that's kind of chain leading around, I think maybe the Eagle Ford and the Midcon outside of the Permian. And so you do use local sand in those areas as well and you're satisfied?
Bill Thomas: Yes. We're satisfied.
Operator: The next question will be from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: One of the debates out there is whether for EOG, but also for industry is whether the best of the inventory infield is drilled from either a productivity perspective or rate of return perspective. And I think for EOG, you're more specifically pushing back on this point with the comparison of the Eagle Ford East versus West area. I was wondering if you could touch on two other areas. The first is the Permian, and your outlook for the ability of efficiency and productivity gains from here to overcome movement from core to less core over time. And the second is exploration. I think there was a comment earlier that you expect your exploration efforts will lower the cost of future oil production. What has given you confidence that that is the case if it is truly exploratory?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Brian, thank you for the question. This is Ezra. Let me start with the back half of that question first on the exploration side. And what we're excited about on our exploration opportunities is we feel like we've identified multiple opportunities where we have an opportunity to apply some of the data and the techniques that we've been learning on the Eagle Ford, the Woodford, the Permian and the Powder. We can take some of these techniques and apply them to basically higher quality reservoir. That's still should be considered unconventional by nature. And we think that well productivity should be on par with some of our best wells with shallower decline, basically due to the reservoir quality. The other important thing, obviously is that you've touched on is being a first mover in these basins and being able to capture the sweet spots of each of these plays. If I transition now, and sorry, I did this in reverse order, but if I go to the Permian, for example, I think the way to think about the Permian and one reason we spent the time highlighting the progress that we've made in the Eagle Ford is that every year one of the benefits of working in multiple basins is yet to combine datasets from multiple basins. And those learnings, as you roll them in and integrate them into the front end of both your geologic models, your drilling and your completions techniques, that's what allows us to improve some of what today might be considered a non-core area and really improve those well productivity results and continue to drive down our costs to increase the returns of those areas. So the best example I would say for the Permian is really looking back at that Eagle Ford, example, and how we've taken our Western Eagle Ford results today, and really improve them to a point where they are above and beyond what we're doing in the Eastern Eagle Ford just a few years ago.
Brian Singer: And then my follow-up is with regards to the Powder River Basin. You highlighted that made some progress on the infrastructure front. Can you add some more color there, particularly in how big you're sizing that infrastructure, and how significant you think production to be, especially given the competitive profitability you’ve highlighted at least as it relates to that Niobrara and Mowry zones on your Slide 41. The turnover wasn’t there maybe that would be another point to touch on.
Billy Helms: Yes, Brian. This is Billy Helms. Yes, the first quarter we really tested more Turner and apartment zones, particularly. And as we build out infrastructure for the bigger development, it’s, I think our infrastructure build will be -- build out in segments to keep pace where there are plans for drilling in that year’s program. We’re not going to get out ahead and build infrastructure this made for a longer-term drilling program just because of the capital efficiency if that erodes. So the size though the scale of the infrastructure will be able to handle, certainly even the plan that we have in place for those areas. So we’ll be adequately sized, but it’ll be scheduled and pace that keeps up with the current drilling plans for that period. So we got off to a slow start really in the Powder, really due to weather, we plan to ramp up activity as we go through the year. And we’re still very excited about the initial results we’re seeing from the Mowry and Niobrara tests. And as get more data on those, certainly we’ll provide more color there. But we’re still excited about the Powder opportunities we see in front of us.
Operator: The next question will be from Ryan Todd of Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a couple of follow-ups and some other things. And I appreciate the clarity you have given on the Eagle Ford. And if we look at the -- on the improvement that you’re seeing out to the West, as we look at the type curve that you carry in the Eagle Ford, it’s got 5,300 foot lateral lengths with the concerned level of productivity there. The lateral there feels like it's clearly trending higher. Is it safe to say that as the lateral lengths increases? And as the West is improved, is that type curve probably conservative relative to what we should expect to see going forward?
Kenneth Boedeker: Yes, Ryan. This is Ken, again. We are really pleased with the way the wells have been reacting out there and our well productivity is meeting the expectations. We do see the performance variations across the 120 mile long acreage position. And as we extend our - as we extend the laterals in the West, we'll be seeing well productivity increase, well rates and capital efficiency increase out there as well as reducing finding costs.
Ryan Todd: And then maybe a follow-up on some of the acquisition activity and exploration versus your core basins, your - you’ve obviously been spending money picking up acreage in some of your core basins you’re really excited about. And is this -- do you still see opportunities to add the positions in your core areas of operations? Or is the valuation outside of those basins just far more compelling at this point?
Bill Thomas: Ryan, this is Bill. Certainly, we have a very decentralized exploration effort. All seven of our domestic divisions have very strong exploration staff. So we’re working, literally every basin, in the U.S., probably not a well being drilled. We don’t know something about. And so, we’re leasing in multiple plays this year at very low cost. And we believe the prospects that we're leasing on have premium economic potential due to the rock quality as Ezra talked about. And so, some of them are in basins that have had a lot of historical production, some of them are in places where there's not really much historic production at all. But they're all very high quality. And the size of the prospects we're working on, we use an example, couple of years ago, we talked about the Woodford oil play we introduced. That's about 200 million barrels of net EOG. That's kind of on the small size. So we're not looking for things smaller than that. But 200 million barrels, net to a company, discovery of that top anywhere in the world is very significant. So, last year, we announced two new plays in the Powder River Basin that totaled 1.9 billion barrels. So that's a very large one. So that's a good way to put the brackets on the size of them. But the good thing is, as Ezra talked about, we believe we can continue, and it'll organically generate significant prospects potential in the future. And added at very, very low cost, much, much lower costs than doing M&As. And so when we do these bolt-on acquisitions, there are large amounts of acreage are very, very low cost, and very, very high potential in our mind. And so we've been generating premium inventory twice as fast as we've been drilling it. And the quality of our inventory is going up at the same time. So some of the previous questions are based on, is EOG's inventory quality declining? And I can tell you-- we can tell you with absolute confidence that we believe our inventory quality will continue to improve. So the quality is going up. And we're not having any problem replacing at much faster than we’re drilling it.
Operator: The next question will be from Arun Jayram of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayram: I wanted to see if you could elaborate on your comments on 2020. I know you don't have an official growth target for 2020. But your comments this morning seem to indicate your confidence that the company could grow the oil production, call it, greater than 14%. And I just wonder maybe qualitatively, what would drive you to have that level of confidence because it would be off of a larger base of production this year?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Arun. We have that confidence because, I think of the culture of the company and the structure of the company and our ability to continue to add new plays to the system. We have a chart in our IR deck, I believe, it's on Page 11. That shows EOG's existing plays and their maturity phase. So most of the things that we're doing right now still have a lot of growth opportunity. And we're adding additional premium locations in each one of those plays. So that's a big source of new potential. And then, we're working on all these emerging plays. And as they come into the development mode, that will keep shifting more and more activity and inventory into the growth mode of the company. And the growth mode for each one of these plays are not a few years, they're multi years, 10 plus, 15 years growth mode for each one of these plays. And then the structure of our company, because it's decentralized, we can execute on the large number of multiple plays at the same time with a lot of discipline. So we have very expert strong staff in seven different operating divisions. So we can truly execute in multiple basins and continue to reduce costs, improve technology, be very entrepreneurial and act quickly and make really quick, crisp, good high rate of return decisions on each one of the plays at the same time. So the company has got a tremendous ability to continue our high return growth profile for a very, very long time. And I think that's quite unique in the industry.
Arun Jayram: And just one question in terms of the agreements they are in place to expand your export capacity from 100,000 barrels to 250,000. For those barrels that you are able to even with that capacity, how should we think about the uplift relative to WTI from those types of barrels? One of your peers has highlighted maybe the ability to get in 60% of the Brent TI spread, let's call $3 in transportation. I was wondering if there's maybe a formula, anyway we could think about the uplift that you get on those barrels?
Bill Thomas: We won't go into the detail on what we may or may not speculate on what we think the uplift. The most important thing right is it’s a portfolio approach to us. When we have the diversification, we're going to have the capability there to sell domestically. So if that's a higher realized net back for us, then we can sell them domestically. And as you think about our export capacity, it’s capacity that we can optimize. So again, like if you if you look back over time, you look at our experience, our goal is to maintain our price realizations, and being purely in price realizations. So we feel that dock capacity that we have there just positions us that we have agreements in place that we can transact very quickly and we can make sales into the spot business, and we can keep it on the international index like the Brent indices or we can keep it at the local markets. But we can take advantage of where the pricing leads us, and we can move very quickly. That's the way you probably need to think about that from our standpoint, which is we can move quickly and we have the capacity. And we can also -- we can meet that capacity with the Permian and also the Delaware. I think that's also very unique.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Thomas for his closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: In closing, we first want to say thank you to the tremendous work by everyone at EOG. The company is starting 2019 with our best operational performance in company history. Costs are coming down and allow us -- allowing us to deliver more oil for less money than ever before. The best part of EOG's culture is that we're not through getting better. We're excited about where we are, but we're even more excited about our future. Thanks for listening. And thanks for your support.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you, and good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. Here’s Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning everyone. Our long-term game plan is simple, be one of the best performing companies across all sectors in the S&P 500. Our goal is to deliver double-digit returns and double-digit growth throughout commodity price cycles. In addition to high returns and disciplined organic growth, our goal is to generate free cash flow that supports a growing dividend and impeccable balance sheet and allows the company to take advantage of other opportunities, such as bolt-on property additions that meet our strict premium reinvestment standard or potential opportunities to repurchase shares when value accretive. In 2018, EOG accomplished our goal by delivering 15% return on capital employed, organically growing oil production 19% and generating $1.7 billion in free cash flow. Our 2018 performance places EOG among the very best, in line with top performers in any sector of the market. Last year, we earned a company record adjusted net income of $3.2 billion. Our 2018 15% return on capital employed at $65 oil surpassed our 2014 return on capital employed when oil prices averaged significantly higher at $95. It’s clear, our permanent shift to premium strategy three years ago has had a dramatic effect on the profitability of the company. EOG’s premium standard requires investments to earn at least 30% direct after-tax rate of return at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Consistently applying this standard to our capital allocation decisions has reset the company to be successful throughout commodity price cycles. In addition to double-digit returns and growth in 2018, we also generated a company record of $1.7 billion in free cash flow, increased the dividend rate 31% and reduced our net debt to capitalization ratio from 25% to 19%, delivering high-return organic growth producing free cash flow, returning cash to shareholders by increasing the dividend and reducing our debt is a significant achievement. This combination is rare, not only in our industry, but in the broader market. Our ambition is to make this level of performance to norm for EOG Resources. Consistent with our long-term game plan, our 2019 $6.3 billion capital program is forecasted to deliver 12% to 16% U.S. oil production growth. We’re excited about 2019, because we’re building on our cost reduction momentum from last year. Per barrel cost – per barrel cash operating cost are expected to go down again this year. We continue to both improve well productivity and lower well costs and estimate that the average 2019 well will generate $6 million net present value at $55 oil. These improvements are expected to increase our capital efficiency by more than 10%. As a result, the price of oil needed to fund our 2019 capital and the dividend with discretionary cash flow is less than $50. With oil at $55, we expect to generate significant free cash flow. Our 2019 disciplined growth and capital program will allow the company to increase returns by discovering and applying new technological breakthroughs, improving operating efficiencies and continuously reducing cost in every area of our business. Accordingly, we are spending a bit less this year on growing oil and a bit more on opportunistic proprietary new horizontal potential. Applying our proprietary knowledge, we believe the new prospects have the potential to meaningfully improve the quality of our drilling inventory and improve our future returns. Today, it takes oil prices in the mid-50s for EOG to generate double-digit return on capital employed, and in the foreseeable future, we see that price dropping into the 40s. It would be incorrect to assume that EOG is permanently shifting into a lower-growth mode. Our goal is to continue to lower our break-even costs, improve margins and reset the company to sustainably deliver double-digit returns and double-digit growth throughout commodity price cycles. EOG continues to be the peer leader in return on capital employed and disciplined growth. We are rapidly becoming one of the low-cost producers in the global energy market and we embrace a strong commitment to sustainability. Our goal of double-digit returns, double-digit growth and free cash flow puts EOG in line with the best companies across all sectors in the market. We are truly excited about 2019, and our ability to continue to improve and to deliver significant long-term shareholder value. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance in 2018 and provide details on our 2019 plan.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Bill. Our high-return production growth in 2018 is a result of investing in our diverse inventory of premium drilling across 11 plays in six different basins. EOG’s 2018 performance illustrates the perseverance of our operating teams to continually get better by improving both well productivity and reducing cost, the two key components that drive sustainable improvements in capital efficiency. In the fourth quarter of 2018, we made the decision to maintain activity and retain top-performing service providers in order to accomplish these two specific goals. As a result, and in the face of increasing oil prices and service cost inflation throughout most of 2018, EOG achieved a 3% reduction in the average well cost by the fourth quarter. To be clear, the cost improvements are not from decreases in service cost, instead the lower cost are due to more efficient operations from faster drilling speeds, increased completion stages per day, reduced sand cost, water recycling and infrastructure projects. In addition, you can see the improvements in well productivity across our plays, with the fourth quarter well results provided in the presentation slides. Our 2019 program is built upon these already proven results of the existing domestic program. Furthermore, our operating teams continue to deliver results consistent with the well cost and productivity achieved last year. As a result, the momentum carried from 2018 gives us confidence that we can achieve the 2019 plan objectives. In addition, by retaining these services, we have secured about 65% of our anticipated services and materials requirements for 2019. We negotiated terms at both lock in services cost and maintain flexibility to adjust our activity level depending on market conditions. However, it is important to note that we will not increase capital should oil prices increase. We forecast our 2019 $6.3 billion capital program will deliver 12% to 16% U.S. oil production growth. Every one of our major plays is expected to contribute to that growth. The plan is designed to generate significant free cash flow and is balanced below $50, meaning, we can cover our capital and dividend with discretionary cash flow. The 2019 plan includes slightly more capital for gathering and processing and other facilities, which largely consist of additional water and oil gathering infrastructure in our major plays. In Trinidad, we allocated a small increase as well for its drilling program in 2019. Our domestic development program spend will be slightly lower, but much more capital-efficient due to advances made last year. In addition, we continue to make progress in advancing new completion technology that we believe will further improve well productivity and reduce completion cost. Early results indicate measurable increases in production performance. In addition to what is assumed in our 2019 plan, we have set further ambitious goals, including reducing total well cost another 5%, lowering all-in finding cost 10%, improving well productivity through the application of new technology, 90% of wells drilled meeting the premium definition and adding new premium inventory at a pace faster than we are drilling it. Finally, our 2019 plan includes more capital for exploration of new drilling potential. Here’s Ezra to update you on those efforts.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Billy. Our decentralized structure allows our asset teams to identify high-quality unconventional reservoirs and capture acreage as the first mover with low-entry costs. Our ability to capture the sweet spots of these plays is the most significant reason we consistently drill top tier performing wells. Currently, we are leveraging proprietary knowledge from numerous plays across our portfolio and have identified multiple opportunities. We’re focused on applying our technical knowledge of horizontal drilling and completions to higher-quality unconventional reservoirs, and we’ll be leasing acreage and drilling our initial test wells in 2019. Our goal is to increase the quality of our inventory with new plays that can deliver higher production at lower costs, providing a vehicle for continued improvement of our finding costs, DD&A rate and ultimately ROCE. By focusing more resources to these new innovative play concepts, we’re taking advantage of market conditions to opportunistically add low-cost, high-return inventory to our portfolio. I’ll now discuss our Delaware Basin results, where we produced more than 220,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018, making it our fastest growing asset for the third year in a row. Oil production grew nearly 50%, averaging 127,000 barrels of oil per day, with more than 260 net wells going to sales. In addition, we more than replaced those wells, identifying 375 net new premium locations last year. We also made significant progress blocking up our acreage through trade adding 600,000 feet of premium treated lateral, which is the equivalent of about 85 well locations. Last year, we focused our attention on developing larger packages, drilling longer laterals and increasing our operational efficiency across our 400,000-plus net acre position in the Delaware Basin. The results of this effort includes a 31% increase in completed lateral feet per day, a 9% decrease in completions cost and an 18% reduction in drilling days per well. We also continued strategic expansion of our oil, gas and water infrastructure. In 2018, we put into service an oil gathering system and terminal across the core of our acreage position. This system and terminal will ultimately have up to five connections to downstream markets, where we secured firm capacity to Cushing and Corpus Christi. In 2018, we flowed about half of our oil production through this system, resulting in over $22 million in transportation savings. We will realize increased savings in 2019 as additional wells are connected to this oil system. Our current target is to have 85% of our oil production on pipe by year-end. The first-half of 2018 was also marked by extensive learnings from spacing tests, both horizontally within one target and staggered vertically across multiple targets. From our test, we gathered a tremendous amount of drilling completions and production data and have applied those learnings to our development program. Optimizing our target spacing and completions designs based on local geology resulted in an increased well performance during the second-half of 2018. Our Delaware Basin program last year highlights our ability to quickly transform data collection and analytics into better well productivity and lower well cost in order to optimize the returns and NPV of this world-class asset. Using what we learned in 2018 to refine our spacing and staggered development patterns, combined with new completion technology, we expect to continue to improve well productivity throughout 2019. Next up is Ken to review highlights on our Eagle Ford and Woodford Oil Window plays.
Kenneth Boedeker: Thanks, Ezra. 2019 marks our 10th-year developing the Eagle Ford. This workhorse asset remains EOG’s premier oil play, delivering a consistent performance year-after-year. The Eagle Ford grew oil production by 9% last year to 171,000 barrels of oil per day, representing 43% of EOG’s total crude oil production. Even after 10 years, we continue to learn and improve well productivity, find efficiencies and lower costs. We extended laterals another 7% from 2017, primarily on our western acreage, where there is less faulting. In fact, we drilled a record 65 wells, with laterals over 10,000 feet in 2018. We continue to push the limits of lateral length, setting a record with our Slytherin C#3H at 13,500 feet of treated lateral length. Wells in our western acreage produce lower IPs, but have slightly lower decline rates and are more cost-efficient. In 2018, we updated our premium inventory for the Eagle Ford, adding 145 net locations through infills, acreage bolt-ons and longer laterals. We’re confident we can continue to drive sustainable cost efficiencies in our effort to convert the remaining inventory of our total 7,200 net locations to premium status. In 2018, we also continue to see very positive results in our secondary recovery efforts in the Eagle Ford. Results to date are in line with our early expectations for this enhanced oil recovery process and we have approximately 150 wells in various stages of injection and production. We’re continuing to refine our technique and expect this project to grow in the future. We have found that this process works best, when infill development has been completed throughout the area. So we’re focusing our efforts in 2019 towards finishing primary development of nearby units before expanding our secondary recovery footprint. In 2019, we plan to complete 300 net wells in the Eagle Ford due to capital efficiency gains, we expect to spend almost 10% less capital for a similar number of wells as 2018. In the Anadarko Basin Woodford Oil Window, we’re building operational momentum. We introduced this play at the end of 2017, ramped up our development in 2018 and more than doubled production. The Woodford Oil Play is a concentrated sweet spot of moderately over-pressured high-quality permeable rock located primarily in McClain County, Oklahoma. These wells are low decline, low GOR and produce an average of 42 degree API oil. We made significant improvements in well cost last year by improving our operational efficiency and we expect to carry those improvements forward into 2019, with a new target well cost of $7.6 million. Highlight from activity during the fourth quarter of 2018 was our GALAXY 2536 well. This well’s estimated ultimate recovery is 1.5 million barrels of oil equivalent. In its first 30 days, it averaged 1,400 barrels of oil per day and 1,950 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Based on spacing and targeting test last year, we believe the right distance between wells is less than 660 feet. In 2019, we’ll conduct additional targeting tests and continue to use new completion technology that we expect will allow for closer well spacing. Our initial resource estimate of more than 200 million barrels of oil equivalent was based on 660-foot spacing. So there is additional upside in this play. We’re very optimistic we can expand our current inventory of 260 net premium locations. In 2019, we plan to slightly increase Woodford Oil Window completions to roughly 13 net wells and expect will more than double production again. Now here’s Billy to review our Bakken and Rockies plays.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Ken. The Bakken remains an important asset in EOG’s diverse portfolio of plays, providing flexibility for reinvestment at our premium return hurdle rate. Over the last several years, we’ve made significant progress in the Williston Basin on precision targeting, the drilling and completion efficiencies. Between better well production and tremendous cost improvements, our Bakken program delivered over 70% direct well level returns. In 2019, we’ll continue to focus our 20 net well plan in the Bakken core and expand our development of the Antelope Extension. The Antelope Extension is part of our Williston Basin core acreage and the area now benefits from additional midstream infrastructure and takeaway capacity, driving better economics through reduced transportation cost and LOE. We are also testing new completion technology and are optimistic that it will improve productivity and lower cost. 2018 was an incredible year for operational improvements in our Rockies plays in the Powder River and DJ Basins. We increased our completions efficiency dramatically, achieving a 38% improvement in feet of treated lateral per day. Our cost to drill averaged just $100 per foot and drilling days declined 20%. Rockies-wide, we either met or beat all of our cost targets for the year by the end of the first quarter of 2018. In the Powder River Basin, our core acreage doubled to more than 400,000 net acres following the 2016 Yates merger. In 2018, we added more than 1,500 premium net drilling locations and nearly 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent of net resource potential through the addition of Mowry and Niobrara shale plays and new locations identified in the Turner sand. Furthermore, as we continue to block up our acreage position, we see significant upside to add to our premium inventory over time. During the fourth quarter, two Powder River Basin Mowry wells came online, delivering an average 30-day initial production of more than 2,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Powder River Basin Turner, we completed four wells that averaged 1,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the first 30 days. Last year, we moved the DJ Basin into full development and produced record volumes of nearly 30,000 barrels of oil per day. But the bigger story in the DJ was drilling performance. Average drilling days were already an impressive 4.4 days and we reduced another 7% to 4.1 days. Due to lower pressure, the IP rates aren’t as flashy as some other plays, but these are some of the lowest-cost wells in the company and they consistently deliver premium level returns. The sustainable improvements we have made to the cost structure of the Powder River Basin and the DJ Basin over the last year, combined with moderate decline wells, drove record low finding cost and record high returns in 2018. Performance from our Rockies plays are highly competitive with our largest premium assets. Here’s Ken to review our year-end reserve replacement and finding cost.
Kenneth Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. We had a great year for reserve replacement, more than doubling what we produced during the year. Our proved reserves increased over 400 million barrels of oil equivalent, or 16% year-over-year to $2.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We replaced 238% of our 2018 production at a low finding cost of $9.33 per Boe, which excludes positive revisions due to commodity price improvements. Since the start of the downturn in 2014, we have reduced finding cost 30%. Our ability to consistently add reserves at low-cost demonstrates the tremendous capital efficiency gains we made through the downturn from our permanent shift to premium drilling and laser-focus on cost reductions. Every year, EOG engages DeGolyer and MacNaughton to perform an independently engineered analysis of our reserves. This year, they evaluated nearly 80% of EOG’s proved reserves. And for the 31st consecutive year, they were within 5% of our internal estimates. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss our financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Ken. EOG further strengthened its financial position in the fourth quarter. The company generated discretionary cash flow of $2.1 billion, invested $1.3 billion in exploration and development expenditures and paid $127 million in dividends. Free cash flow was $637 million in the fourth quarter and totaled almost $1.7 billion for the full-year 2018. Proceeds from asset sales for 2018 totaled $227 million, which was predominantly the UK sale, including the Conway Field. Cash on the balance sheet at December 31 was $1.6 billion and total debt was $6.1 billion, for a net debt-to-total capitalization ratio of 19%, down from 25% at the end of 2017. Our goal is to repay $3 billion of debt from 2018 through 2021. We took a step in this direction by repaying a $350 million bond that came to maturity on October 1. In 2019, we have a $900 million bond scheduled to mature on June 1. We will determine the funding for this bond replacement closer to the date of maturity, whether from cash on hand or other sources based on the company’s financial condition at that time. EOG is currently unhedged for the price of oil or gas for 2019, with the exception of some contracts protecting the price differential between certain sales points. Historically, EOG has hedged up to 50% of our expected production. While our best hedge position is being a low-cost producer, we will continue to evaluate hedging opportunities with the objective of prudently managing our business and providing our shareholders upside to commodity prices. I’ll turn it back over to Bill for closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In conclusion, our goal is simple, to be one of the best performing companies in the S&P 500. Our business model of high return organic growth is driven by our culture of return focused decision-making, low-cost operations, innovation, technology and a first mover advantage. We have a pleased, but not satisfied mindset that motivates every fiber of our company to continuously improve. EOG’s core business acumen, organic exploration, low-cost operations, advanced information technology and sustainability powered by our never satisfied innovative culture means, EOG has not remotely peaked. We are excited about our future and our ability to achieve our goal of delivering double-digit returns, double-digit growth and free cash flow throughout commodity price cycles. EOG’s premium combination is rare in the energy sector and places EOG in line with the top performers in any sector of the market. It is a unique and compelling combination we expect to demonstrate again this year and over the long-term to create significant value for our shareholders. Thanks for listening. And now, we’ll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Great details. My question is just you guys have done a great job continuing to bring out another of these distinct premium plays. Just as you continue to look at some of your exploration opportunities, your thoughts about the potential for – potentially another one of these rolling out this year or next?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra Yacob. As we discussed in the opening remarks, and I think it’s – you can see a good illustration on Slide 11 on the presentation. We’re really focused on adding higher-quality plays to the inventory as we’ve done over the past couple of years as opposed to just increasing the quantity. We’ve – we’re utilizing a lot of data captured over the last few years in the Permian and the Powder and the Woodford to develop some new horizontal play concepts. And we’re really focused on applying our horizontal drilling and completions techniques to a higher-quality unconventional reservoir some that we’ve identified. And as we said, we’ll be leasing and drilling some test wells in those – in 2019. And so the important thing, the way to think about it really is, since we’re just kind of leasing and testing those this year, we probably won’t have a potential exploration announcement. But we’ll be able to update you as we gather more data on these.
Neal Dingmann: Okay. And then just sticking with that for my follow-up just on that Slide 11 with total locations, how do you all think there has been some diversion out there? Some folks are thinking about more of an ROR focused, up-spacing versus others thinking they’re still maximizing units by downspacing to get more locations. So again, I’m just wondering sort of your philosophy these days and how that might impact total locations?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra again. I think, it’s a combination, not really up-spacing. What we try to do as far as converting existing non-premium wells into the premium status is really through two different mechanisms. The first is lowering well costs and dominantly doing that through sustainable kind of operational efficiency gains. But then also making strides on both the high grading of our targets and especially in 2018 advancing our completions technology, where we can actually improve the well productivity. And so, again, it’s a combination of increasing well productivity and lowering cost to get those across our premium threshold.
Neal Dingmann: Great. Thanks, Ezra for the great details.
Operator: The next question will be from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. My first question relates to Delaware Basin. One of the SMID operators yesterday commented how children well recoveries were lagging parent wells by 15% to 20%, which is a delta relative to the Street. Bill, I was wondering if you could comment on EOG’s published type curves, as well as Billy’s commentary on some of the new advances in completion that you’ve announced, as well as the improvement in Delaware Basin well productivity in the second-half of the year?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Arun, thank you for the question. If you see the data we’ve released, our well productivity is beginning to improve significantly in most of the plays in the Delaware. And we have been tackling and addressing the parent-child relationship for a number of years and we’re – we have made significant improvements. I think the company’s ability to absorb data real-time and to make changes very quickly in our drilling programs in our well patterns has really paid off. So the new completion – ours that we’re using connects more rock. It also reduces the offset depletion effects and we also improved our targeting and our spacing. And to go back what Ezra talked about just recently, we’ve been able to do this and not really reduce. We’ve actually increased the recovery and we’ve increased the NPV and we’ve increased the rate of return all at the same time. So we made tremendous progress on solving the parent-child relationship.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Just – and my follow-up, Bill, could you maybe discuss the tradeoff before – between investing in premium locations today versus new plays? It seems to us that you’re investing early to prevent an inventory situation down the road. So – and also so you wouldn’t have to make expensive M&A in order to preserve your trends, but I would love to hear your thoughts on that?
Bill Thomas: Sure, Arun. Yes, the total focus on the new plays is to add better inventory. We have 9,500 premium locations right now. So we really don’t need more, we just need better. And so we’re – as Ezra talked about, we are targeting rocks that have better ability to produce oil and be able to respond to these new completion techniques that we’re coming up with, and to reduce our costs, increase our returns and make the company better in the future. So our total focus on all that is to add a lot better inventory than we have right now. And we are being able to add – or able to add at very, very low costs. So we’re actively leasing in plays like $500, certainly, less than a $1,000 an acre. And that certainly much, much better than trying to compete in these hot areas through M&A.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question will be from Paul Grigel of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Grigel: Hi, good morning. Referencing the Slide 13, could you please provide color on the methodology on how the corporate decline rate was derived? And adding in additional color for any variations by major basin? And how does this on the corporate decline rate and the capital efficiencies compare historically prior to 2018?
Billy Helms: Yes, Paul, this is Billy Helms. Thanks for asking about Slide 13. It’s a new slide that we put into illustrate the confidence we have in improving our capital efficiency year-over-year. We’ve made tremendous strides on both lowering our well cost and improving the productivity of the wells and is starting to dramatically show up. And this slide is based on not forecasting additional cost reductions, but based on our results we’re seeing today in the wells we’re completing here at year-end. So we’re very confident. And basically, the way you calculate the decline from that, if you go back and look at the production year-over-year, you can see the production in 2017 to 2018 and the capital number there $5.9 billion divided into those differences will give you the – and the capital efficiency number will give you the decline rate in 2018. And you do the same mechanism for 2019 using the midpoint of our guidance, compared to the 2018 production volumes with that capital efficiency number you can back into the decline rate of 31%, as it illustrates here on the slide. Year-over-year, our capital efficiency is improving. But as we grow volumes, those first year volumes, of course, are – have a steeper decline in the base production. So year-over-year, the base decline did increase from 2018 to 2019. And that’s just simply, because the volumes are getting much bigger. So that tells you that we’re adding – for the same amount of dollars, we’re adding a lot more new oil at our capital efficiency rate that we have today. So that’s the implication.
Paul Grigel: Great. I appreciate the color there. And then could you also provide your latest thoughts on the Austin Chalk, and if that falls within the premium category or in the exploration spend? And what’s the driver of moving to 15 completions in 2019 and the Austin Chalk down from 27 in 2018?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Paul, this is Ezra again. So the Austin Chalk there in South Texas that we’ve talked about is considered part of our premium plays there, where it overlies with our Eagle Ford development program. As far as – it’s been documented out there that we’ve got some other exploration opportunities there in the Austin Chalk. And that part of it would be considered in the exploration spend. As far as the well counts there in Austin Chalk and the Eagle Ford area, that’s just going to – simply the wells that we have put to – the wells that we’re forecasting and put to sale this year are with respect to where we’re at in our development program there. As you know, geologically, as we’ve talked about, it’s a bit of a complicated – a little more complex than the Eagle Ford down in South Texas. And so we’re really moving a little bit slower on that and making sure that the premium wells that we’re drilling on there are the quality that will be additive to our program.
Paul Grigel: Thanks, Ezra.
Operator: The next question will be from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys, just wanted to follow-up on a couple of your prepared comments here on the call. I guess, you guys previously had kind of talked about in the last year sort of 15% to 25% oil growth at $50 to $60. Bill, I think, you said in your prepared comments that you’re not really moving away from that over the next couple of years. But growth a little bit lower this year at sort of 12% to 16%. Can you provide a little bit more sort of color as this maybe just a little bit lower year due to more uncertainty around oil prices? Kind of what’s driving you to move towards the lower-end of that range in 2019 here?
Bill Thomas: Yes. Leo, this is Bill. We’re not shifting into a low double-digit growth mode that needs to be really clear. We’re not really shifting down into a lower mode and maybe we – people might think. Specifically, this year, we’re allocating a bit less capital to drilling oil and a bit more capital to drilling for new potential. So that affects this year’s rate a little bit. But certainly, as we’ve demonstrated in the past, we have tremendous ability to grow. It’s really easy for EOG to grow with our capital efficiency so high and such a huge deep high-quality inventory. But we said governors with our disciplined growth strategy, investment governors. And so the first one is, we want to generate free cash flow every year; and the second one is, we want to grow at a pace, where we can take advantage of the learning curve and continue to increase our returns and capital efficiency. So as we continue to get better and increase efficiency and add new higher – even higher quality inventory than we have right now, it will become easier for us to grow and to sustain and deliver strong high return growth. So don’t count us shifting into a lower mode.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that’s great color. And I guess, I just wanted to also follow-up on a comment that you guys made. You certainly are focused on continuing to improve ROCE at EOG, kind of clearly want to lower that over time, because I know you’re spending more money on kind of some newer domestic plays this year. And as I kind of think about that, I guess, I would, maybe assume that maybe the newer plays would initially have a lower ROCE, but might sort of payoff in the longer-term here. So just trying to get a sense of how you square that up with having a really long inventory already. Clearly, you guys have said, you’ve got well north of 10 years of premium oil drilling, even at an accelerated pace over time. So I guess, can you provide a little bit more color on sort of the need to kind of target some more annuity plays with more new exploration dollars here in the short-term?
Bill Thomas: Yes. Leo, this is Bill again. That’s certainly what we’re focused on with our exploration effort is to improve our ability to deliver return on capital employed. And because we’re able to acquire this – these positions at very, very low-cost, $500, $1,000 an acre. And they’re in areas where there infrastructure. We’re not in remote areas that – they’re not going to be difficult to connect really good markets. They’re in areas where we have very capable operating efficiencies with our seven domestic divisions in the company. And so we can move on them and we can test them very quickly and evaluate them. And then pretty quickly within a year or so, we could put them in a pretty strong development mode. And so we – we’re taking our advantage of being first movers in these plays and getting there before other people may not – may realize the potential of them. And we’re focused on better rock than we have right now. And those – that combination of low-cost and better productivity, we believe could meaningfully improve the returns of the company and down the road will improve our ability to deliver oil at even lower prices and generate return on capital employed at even lower prices.
Leo Mariani: Okay, thanks. Great color.
Operator: The next question will be from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Bill to you and your whole team there. I’d like to start with a kind of a big picture question, and this may go over some old territory for you guys. But looking at Slide 14, it looks like the way you guys built your capital program as you decided, you picked an oil price and said, okay, we want to able to fund our dividend. And so our CapEx has to be something less than our cash flow minus our dividend there. And I get the picture that free cash flow will just – will accrue as oil prices perhaps role in higher than that. But can you offer, I guess, a color on whether that is the way that you built your capital program? And if that is the right meat on it, could you give some insights into the process of how you pick that $50 oil or whatever that planning price would seems to be the kind of the organizing data point at the time of holding?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Charles, this is Bill. Yes, we use multiple parameters to set our program every year. But certainly, one of the first ones is, we want to build a program based on our view of the macro certainly, what oil prices might be and put us in a position to generate free cash flow every year. So that’s the first one. And so, over the last several years, $50 has been a good rule of thumb for that and it’s worked really well for us. And then our goal is to set the capital allocation at a rate that will continue to improve our returns. So that we can take advantage of the learning curve and continue to get better every year and continue to improve our capital efficiency. So with that in mind, we set the program to give us a good chance to generate significant free cash flow to do the things that we’ve talked about reducing our debt and certainly, being able to have the ability to work on the dividend on a much stronger rate than we have in the past years and to get better at the same time.
Charles Meade: That’s helpful, Bill. I think I’m picking up what you guys are putting out there on – in that respect. And then, I mean, going back to some of the prepared comments, I believe, by Ezra about the improvements in the Delaware Basin oil productivity. And I know you guys have talked on this a little bit, but you’ve talked about optimizing the spacing and staggering. Can you give us a bit more detail as – does that mean that you guys have gotten closer or rather wider on your Delaware Basin well patterns?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles, this is Ezra. Really, when you look at it over the bulk of the year between 2017 and 2018, I think, on average, our spacing was pretty consistent. As we’ve talked about in the past, it really is going to change across that base and depending on how many of our specific targets that we’re aiming for in developing and co-developing. And we aim to target as we’ve talked about before, any targets that are kind of within maybe a couple of hundred feet of each other. And so as we talk about the improvements and optimization of spacing vertically and horizontally, it’s if you think about it in a stacked and staggered manner. And so we’ve definitely tested as we highlighted on one of the earlier calls last year as tight as a 400 – approximately 400-foot staggered spacing pattern. And obviously, we’ve targeted much wider than that. I think at the end of the day what we’re seeing is, there’s a lot of potential upside there to our announced resource potential. As you recall, our type curve in the Wolfcamp Oil Window is based on a 660-foot spacing in just one Wolfcamp target across the whole of our Wolfcamp oil acreage.
Charles Meade: Okay. Thank you for that color, Ezra.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Scialla of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Good morning, everybody. Based on your comments that the exploration ideas are really targeting better quality rock, is it fair to say that you’re really not looking at kind of the massive traditional shale plays like the Eagle Ford or the Bakken, I’m thinking maybe more along the lines of tight sand or carbonate resource plays, I mean, you admitted, I guess, the Chalk over in Louisiana is one of them. But is that more the type of play that you’re looking at with the exploration ideas?
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Michael, this is Ezra again. That’s a great question. Without giving too much away, what I would say is, just reiterate again what we talked about, and I think you’re on the right track with it is we are targeting – we’re looking to apply our horizontal drilling and completions technology to in general just better rock quality in these unconventional reservoirs. It’s a variety of different things that we’re looking at. And really, it comes from combining datasets, as I said, that we’ve collected over the last few years in development in the Permian and the Powder and including the Woodford also. And so the way to think about it really is that, the actual rock quality is going to be better than what we’ve traditionally targeted horizontally. And I think that’s what really we want to – is going to help us increase the quality of our inventory. And it should hopefully shallow the decline that these unconventional plays are kind of known for. And really that should help reduce our finding cost, lower our DD&A and play into helping us achieve our long-term goals of double-digit growth and double-digit returns.
Michael Scialla: Okay, thanks. And Bill you said in your opening remarks that you would be willing to buyback shares when accretive of just wondering what metrics you’re going to be looking at there and decide if that’s an accretive opportunity or not? Is it simply NAV or something else?
Bill Thomas: Michael, as we stated on free cash flow, our priorities are to target – to be able to be in a position to target a stronger dividend increase. And we’ve been doing it in historical past, which has been 19%. And then we certainly have outlined a very strong debt reduction, as Tim talked about earlier, and we’ve got about $2.65 billion in the next three years to – we want to reduce that. And so our priority to maintain a strong balance sheet is – has put us in a position, where we have the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities down the road in the future, such as high-return, low-cost property additions, particularly things that could go in conjunction with these new plays that we’re talking about. And it puts us in a position to consider potential share buyback. So share buybacks could be an option, when our senior management and our Board indentify a value-accretive opportunity in the future. So we continuously consider all the options what is in the best interest of the shareholder. And our primary focus is on creating the most value for shareholders in the future. So we’ll continually consider on a quarterly basis free cash flow availability and what is the best allocation of capital to create the most value.
Michael Scialla: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Douglas Leggate: Yes. Thank you, and good afternoon, everybody, or good morning, I should say. I’m actually in Europe right now, so sorry about that, Bill. Bill, a bit of a philosophical question, if I may, and it really relates to your comments about being one of the best companies to compete with the S&P. No question, you guys have knocked it out of the park against the E&P sector. But the big difference between the focus on returns and competitive drills is that, the S&P obviously has been dramatically better than the E&P sector over the period that you focus on premium locations. The big difference being that they payout a lot more of their cash flow for those competitive growth companies, think biotech, think technology. So if you’re really talking about – what do you feel – what do you think about that your relative performance to the S&P obviously isn’t delivering that with the current strategy? What makes you think you will do so in the future?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug. Certainly, you’ve identified two of the key things is a return on capital employed. We think we can be competitive even through the commodity cycles with double-digit and we believe on growth that we can be competitive with any sector through the commodity cycle. And as we work on lowering the cost basis of the company and our capital efficiency, we will target free cash flow. And as we continue to generate free cash flow and get better at doing that, that allows us to return more cash to the shareholders. Certainly, first, we picked through dividend. We’ve already outlined our debt reduction. And then down the road, it comes to where we have situations where we can have accretive value through share purchases, we’ll consider that too. So we’re committed to making the company better in every means. And we certainly believe that our culture and our business model has the ability to compete with any company in any business.
Douglas Leggate: No, I understand the philosophy. I’m just trying to understand what – how it changes as it relates to the comment about the relative performance story within the broader market when your cash distributions are so much lower. I guess, that’s what I was getting at. But my follow-up really, if I may, is also kind of a high-level question and it really is related to the same thing, because we’re all wrestling with this. Let’s be honest now for the stock price performance over last several years, and it really is the issue of that. The one thing that’s different obviously with oil and gas is, you’re dealing with a commodity and the volatility of that commodity. You guys are a very large company. On the high-end of your prior target range, 25% at $60 oil, your growth in oil is 10% of global demand growth. And we know the growth isn’t rare, but growth with cash returns is. So I’m just, again, trying to reconcile why not grow at a slower rate and step up the cash distribution? Because you can’t control the oil price. And if you can grow at that rate and the rest of the industry following six, obviously we’ve got a problem with the commodity. So I’m just wondering how you address that circular volatility, and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Well, Doug, as – if you consider the metrics that and the value that we’re creating by drilling possibly 700 wells this year. As I stated in the opening call, the net present value – discounted net present value is about $6 million per well. So our drilling program this year is creating more than $4 billion of value, that’s a significant thing. And so you can obviously – when you’re reinvesting its super high rates of return and creating that much value per well, that is an exceptionally good. There’s not many businesses and in any business that can create that kind of value. And then second of all, we truly believe that we can be among the low-cost producers in the energy market. So that gives us a competitive advantage. We have a lead we believe versus our competitors in cost and being the low-cost producer and we also have the culture to get better faster than most of our competitors. So we have a long-term sustainable business model. And our goal is to create tremendous value and be able to – through growth and returns and be able to do that sustainably for a long period of time.
Douglas Leggate: I agree with that. I'm going to close that there, Bill. But just with – if there's any sort of comment, though, that has been your strategy for four years. And if you really believe that much value is being dislocated from your share price, which is flat, why not go ahead and buy back your stock? And that’s really all I’m saying is that, the value creation isn’t being recognized at the market, then that means something has to change? Thanks so much.
Bill Thomas: Thank you. Again, we’ll continue to evaluate what’s best for the shareholders on a quarterly basis and make the appropriate decisions going forward.
Operator: The next question will be from Paul Sankey of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, everyone. I mean in the uncomfortable position of supporting the previous couple of questions. They were actually very much in line with what I was going to ask about, particularly the accretion definition, which I know is always difficult. But also the balance between growth and returns relative to the stock price performance. One further one I would just add is, do you have a comment on motion for your premium inventory life, which seems to be steadily rising? I wondered if there was a point at which there was no need to raise it anymore now than you’re getting deal for 13 years? Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Paul, this is Bill again. We – we’re not focused on this the size of it. We’re really focused on the quality of it. And that’s why, of course, we’re – as we talked about, that’s not we’re working on new these new play concepts. And so we believe that our inventory, even the lower tier part of our inventory is probably comparable, maybe even better than much of the inventory that’s been drilled by the U.S. And that has a lot of value in the future. So we’ll continue to work on getting value for that. We’ve sold quite a bit of property over the last few years, I think, over $6 billion over the last five years or so. So we’ll continue working on tearing off the lower-quality and adding on to the higher-quality and improving the overall metrics of our inventory.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Again, it’s – further to that firstly, if there is a potential to increase your definition of premium inventory and so accrete returns through higher hurdle rate, even I accept that your hurdle rate is impressive. But as you’re constantly growing, potentially, you could skew towards more returns of a growth through that? And secondly, I completely hear what you’re saying about disposals, but you do seem to becoming more and more spread in more and more areas, potentially the – potential for increased disposals, I guess, would be an additional logical continuation of that strategy? Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Yes That’s correct, Paul. I think we’re a bit more decentralized than most other companies. And that decentralized structure is a huge advantage in the company, because we can execute on each one of these plays with a very dedicated, strong group of people that can learn quickly and apply the technologies and the learnings that we’re getting across the company and we share those. And so we can, with our scale, with our ability to share data and learnings, we can execute each one of those plays at a very efficient manner. And when you have multiple plays, you can take each play slower. So that you can take advantage of the money, because you don’t have to go so fast on any of them and it makes all your plays better. So – and it give you a very stable high-return and high-growth portfolio to continue to build the company on.
Paul Sankey: Sure. Okay, thanks. I mean, the problem does remain that the stock is not competing with the S&P in the way that you wanted to, I think, that’s what we’re driving at? Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Thomas for his closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: In closing, EOG’s results in 2018 were the best in company history due to the excellent work by everyone in EOG. We’re headed into 2019 with tremendous momentum, so we’re very excited about the year. EOG has never been in better shape. We are pleased, but not satisfied, so we fully expect to continue to get better. Our goal is to be one of the top performers in the S&P 500 with double-digit returns and double-digit growth through commodity cycles and deliver significant long-term shareholder value. Thanks for your support and thanks for listening.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc. William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc. Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc. David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc. Sandeep Bhakhri - EOG Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; David Trice, EVP Exploration & Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration & Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing; and David Streit, VP Investor and Public Relations. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim, and good morning to everyone. EOG is a high-return organic growth company and we are delivering what we promised: a compelling combination of high returns, disciplined growth and free cash flow. In the third quarter, we lowered well costs and improved well performance. As a result, year-to-date, we are generating triple-digit well level returns. We grew our oil production 27% year-over-year and total production 25%. And we generated over $0.5 billion in free cash flow. This is a rare performance not often seen in our industry or even in the broader market. Our third quarter results demonstrate the value of EOG's unique culture of innovation, supported by a rich history of a data-driven, non-bureaucratic flat organization. Innovations, real-time data gathering, rapid analytics and redeployment of learnings to the field are continually producing improving results through the company. For example, in the Delaware Basin, we are making significant progress in breaking the code for optimum well spacing. Likewise, on the cost side, we are making significant progress driving down drilling and completion costs. The same is true for our Woodford Oil Play, where just like in the Delaware, we're finding better drilling targets, discovering improved completion techniques and lowering costs all at the same time. We're excited about our progress and the continuous improvements we are seeing this year. And more importantly, we believe there's plenty of momentum to continue to get better in 2019. EOG's unique culture of innovation and focus on exploration are fundamental to our sustainable business model. Our culture of innovation drives continuous improvements in each play we develop, maximizing the value of our leasehold by optimizing NPV, returns and finding and development costs. Our focus on organic exploration makes EOG a prospect-generating machine, and we continue to generate significant new ideas. And to be clear about it, we're only interested in adding new plays that will increase the quality of our premium inventory, and we're encouraged with the new prospects we're currently evaluating. Innovation and exploration are key to EOG's sustainable business model and creates long-term value for our shareholders. We're on track to deliver double-digit ROC and strong double-digit production growth in 2018. Those two milestone achievements, combined with returning cash to shareholders through a 31% increase in the dividend this year, debt reduction and the generation of substantial free cash flow make EOG a unique and compelling investment, not only in the E&P industry, but in the broader market. Looking forward to 2019, we're not going to increase capital at the expense of efficiencies and returns. We will develop our assets and spend capital at a pace that will optimize our learning curve and allow sustainable improvement to our well productivity and cost structure. Any production growth is strictly the result of disciplined capital allocation to high return assets. Furthermore, capital allocation will continue to be based on returns measured against our premium price deck of $40 flat oil and $2.50 flat natural gas prices, no matter if commodity prices improve next year. Our goal of being one of the lowest cost producers in the global oil market has not changed. We are continuously resetting the company to deliver strong returns, even in a low to moderate oil price environment. Next up is Billy to discuss third quarter highlights that are the results of a well-executed capital and operational plan and how we plan to maintain that performance for the remainder of the year and into 2019.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Bill. Our operating teams continue to deliver solid performance executing on our 2018 program. As a result, we are seeing returns on a direct basis reach levels previously not achieved in the history of the company. New technology is increasing drilling speeds, drilling more consistent targets and lowering cost, all at the same time. Combined with cost reductions from local sand, water recycling and infrastructure projects, we are well on our way to achieving our stretch goal of reducing average cost 5% by year-end 2018. Our goal is to be one of the lowest cost producers in the global E&P industry, and we are very pleased with our progress through the third quarter. As we near the end of 2018, industry activity is slowing. Consequently, the service sector is experiencing a period of softness in the market. To take advantage of market conditions, we elected to secure some of our existing service providers through the fourth quarter for next year's program. This will capture favorable prices and sustain the operational continuity of these high-performing service providers into 2019. For example, we retained a number of high-performing completion crews that we had initially planned to release in the fourth quarter. Retaining these crews means we will complete 20 additional net wells compared to our prior forecast and accomplish our objective of maintaining our momentum into next year. We have contracted for about 65% of our anticipated services and materials needs in 2019, which is higher at this point in the calendar year than in past years. By doing so, we expect to reduce total well cost again in 2019. The negotiated structure for these services provides EOG with a great deal of flexibility to adjust our activity level in 2019. We also anticipate opportunities to capture additional leasehold before year-end. As Bill mentioned, our exploration efforts are key to our proven sustainable business model by both replenishing and improving the quality of our premium inventory. As we begin planning for 2019, disciplined capital allocation is key. We view growth as a by-product of focusing on returns first. While we aren't providing specific guidance for 2019 today, we can provide some broad outlines of how the plan is shaping up. We aren't targeting an arbitrary growth rate. We are seeking to reinvest capital to the point that allows us to continue to lower cost and improve efficiencies. Again, capital allocation will continue to be based on returns measured against our premium price deck of $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. I'll turn the call over to Ezra to update you on the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. In the Delaware Basin, we've made remarkable progress determining how to optimally develop this technically-complex basin. During the first three quarters of 2018, we put 201 net wells to sales in various spacing and target patterns, which generated more than 150% direct after-tax rate of return. Well results across all of our Delaware Basin targets are consistently outperforming their respective type curves and early production observations and data have been incorporated into our ongoing development to further improve future well productivity. The geology in this basin is variable and complex, so there will not be a single answer on spacing or package size; however, the ultimate goal is to maximize capital efficiency by optimizing the numerous drivers of finding cost, returns and NPV. We're also making significant progress reducing well costs in a number of areas. Like many operators, we are benefiting from local sand. But most of our gains are from operational efficiencies. Drilling days are down 10%. We've steadily increased the use of zipper fracs throughout the year, contributing to a 20% increase in stages completed per day and a more than 10% decrease in completions costs. Finally, our investment in water infrastructure is paying off. We are moving 95% of our water on pipe. That includes water used for drilling and completion operations, as well as produced water. Our progress in the Delaware Basin is a prime example of EOG's culture of innovation and entrepreneurship. We continue to experiment with operational and logistics changes and targeting and completions advances, all supported by real-time data capture to quickly respond to changing conditions at the field level. The result is better wells at lower costs. The Eagle Ford continues to deliver consistent performance quarter after quarter. We've been drilling this world-class asset for almost 10 years and we are still growing production, innovating our operations and experimenting with well completions, targeting and spacing. The well mix in the Eagle Ford during the third quarter included a higher proportion of western acreage wells. While the pay is thinner in the west, there's less faulting, which allows for longer laterals. The longer laterals you can drill, the better the efficiencies to be gained during drilling and completions. Wells drilled in the west this year are averaging over 3,500 feet per day and are delivering the highest direct NPV of our Eagle Ford program. These long lateral Western Eagle Ford wells will make up a growing proportion of our total Eagle Ford development in the future. Across our 520,000 net-acre position in the Eagle Ford Oil Window, we have a massive inventory of 2,300 net undrilled premium locations. We continue to make progress maximizing value through technical innovation and operational efficiency, which in turn generates additional premium wells. The Eagle Ford remains core to EOG's business and one of the most important assets driving our production growth. Here's David Trice.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Ezra. We are in the initial innings of our Woodford Oil Window play in the Anadarko Basin and are experimenting with completion designs, testing various targets, confirming well spacing and lowering cost. Late in the second quarter, we brought online a four-well, 660-foot-space package that targeted the same landing zone. The four Ted wells have over 120 days of production and are matching or exceeding our 1 million barrel oil equivalent per well type curve for the play. The Ted's average per well 30-day initial production delivered 660 barrels of oil per day and their 90-day IP held up at 530 barrels per day. These results are consistent with the performance we have seen since we started actively developing the Woodford last year. Initial IPs in this play tend to be lower than those in our other plays; however, they also have a lower decline rate. The performance of this four-well package supports our initial estimate that 660-foot spacing is optimal in the Woodford and delivers premium economics at low finding and development costs. Going forward, we will be working to optimize spacing, while targeting multiple landing zones. On the cost side, we're making great progress toward our target well cost of $7.8 million per well. Recent wells have come in at or even below our targeted cost and we anticipate that costs in 2019 could average below $7.8 million. One significant source of future cost reduction is the water reuse program that is being rolled out in our Oklahoma operations. We expect at least 50% of our water needs in 2019 will be sourced through recycling, and that percentage will increase over time. We're currently moving up the learning curve in the Woodford. In typical EOG fashion, we're innovating and experimenting with completion and targeting technology, capturing data in real-time, then rapidly redeploying what we've learned in the field. As a result, we expect to continue to improve the Woodford play's well productivity and cost structure as it grows to contribute meaningfully to EOG's production and premium returns. We mentioned on our year-end call that starting this year we decided to take a more seasonal approach to developing the Bakken. Historically, activity in the winter has come at a higher cost due to harsher conditions, so we decided to make it a practice to minimize activity through the winter months. As a result, most of our 2018 Bakken program started production in the second and third quarter. During the third quarter, we completed 12 net wells with an average 30-day IP of almost 1,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well. These wells are solidly premium due to high oil cuts, low decline rates and very low well costs. The wells brought online in the third quarter cost approximately $5 million for laterals that averaged about 9,400 feet. The cost structure in the Bakken is one of the primary reasons we consistently deliver premium economics that are sustainable through commodity price cycles. The Bakken remains an important asset in EOG's diverse portfolio of plays, providing flexibility for reinvestment at our premium return hurdle rate. Our Powder River Basin activity during the third quarter was focused on the Turner play where we completed 11 net wells that produced an average of 1,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well in the first 30 days. In the Mowry we drilled two wells that we are currently completing and expect to spud a Niobrara well in the fourth quarter. From a technical standpoint, we continue to fine-tune target identification and execution in both plays, as well as dialing in the right completion practices. In the early life of any new play, this tends to be an iterative process as we collect data and rapidly integrate the new information on a go-forward basis. We are also in initial planning stages for two spacing tests that will target the Mowry and Niobrara. We are planning to spud the tests by year-end, and the results will help determine how we co-develop the Mowry and Niobrara going forward. Co-development of these targets will drive additional long-term efficiencies, lower cost and increase returns in the Powder River Basin. As we plan for 2019, we are in active discussions with third-party service providers to ensure we have capacity to transport and process production next year and beyond. In addition, we will begin to add EOG-owned infrastructure at a pace that is commensurate with development. This pay-as-you-go strategy will ensure that we can maintain our capital efficiency, even as we increase activity in the basin. EOG-owned infrastructure will potentially include oil, gas and water gathering facilities, water recycling facilities, oil terminals and compressor stations. The main advantage to EOG-owned infrastructure is that it dramatically lowers lease operating and transportation expenses, as well as future capital cost associated with water handling. It also gives us greater control and flexibility, along with access to multiple markets, which will ultimately result in higher netback prices. In summary, we're planning for long-term, high-return growth out of the Powder River Basin, the newest addition to our portfolio of premium assets. Here's Tim.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. EOG's financial position improved significantly during the third quarter. The company generated discretionary cash flow of $2.3 billion. EOG invested $1.7 billion in exploration and development expenditures and paid $107 million in dividends. Free cash flow was $503 million. Cash on the balance sheet at September 30 was $1.3 billion, and total debt was $6.4 billion, for a net debt to total capitalization ratio of 22%. This same ratio was 28% just a year ago. Our goal is to repay $3 billion of debt through 2021. The first repayment was for a $350 million bond that came to maturity October 1, 2018. We also reached an agreement to divest of our UK operations, including the Conway asset and expect to close before year-end. With the recent volatility in commodity prices, projections of future cash flow move around considerably, even on a daily basis. But EOG's priorities are steadfast: invest with discipline, focus on rate of return and maintain a strong financial position. Our goal, as always, is to create significant shareholder value over the long-term. I'll now turn it back over to Bill for closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. I would like to share the following concluding remarks. First, we are making significant progress on optimizing well spacing in the Delaware Basin and other plays. We're breaking the code on how to increase well productivity and lower finding and development costs while optimizing NPV. We feel next year our capital efficiency will be much-improved. Second, we're on track to reduce well costs 5% by year-end 2018, and we believe we can continue to reduce costs further in 2019. Third, as we demonstrated last quarter with the addition of the Powder River, Niobrara and Mowry plays, the company continues to organically add significant new high return premium drilling inventory much faster than we're drilling it. More importantly, EOG's inventory is growing in quality, not just quantity. Better rocks make better wells and enhance the company's ability to deliver high returns in the future. And we are encouraged with the new ideas we're generating through our exploration efforts. Fourth, EOG's unique innovative culture, real-time data gathering, advanced analytics and quick deployment of new ideas to the field are delivering sustainable cost and productivity improvements across the company. The combination of our pleased but not satisfied culture and industry-leading information technology is delivering sustainable results and provides a significant competitive advantage for the company. Fifth. We're systematically resetting the company's performance to be one of the lowest cost producers in the global oil market. Step by step we believe we're continuously improving the company to produce strong returns through the commodity price cycles. And finally, our third quarter results demonstrates EOG's ability to deliver strong double-digit return on capital employed, strong double-digit production growth and generate free cash flow. This combination is rare in the energy sector and places EOG in line with the top performers in any sector of the market. It's a unique and compelling combination that creates significant long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. Our first question today will come from Ryan Todd of Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International: Great. Thanks, and congratulations on the good result. Maybe if I could start with one as we think about – or maybe a couple questions on capital. Can you break down – I mean, I know you mentioned some of it. A few of the drivers in the $300 million increase to the CapEx budget. And with implied spending falling to just over $1 billion in fourth quarter, which is obviously low, could you give us an idea of maybe what a normalized run rate would be on CapEx right now? And I have a follow-up.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Ryan, this is Billy Helms. So, yes, the fourth quarter we expect to be down relative to the third quarter, and that's simply because our activity was planned that way at the start of the year. We are going to have fewer wells completed in the fourth quarter than we did in the third. And as an election of trying to maintain our momentum on driving cost down, we are going to retain some equipment that we'd previously planned to release. In doing so, we'll end up completing about 20 additional wells and that'll be the majority of the increase that we're seeing in the fourth quarter. That will give us momentum going into 2019 by capturing these high-performing service providers and maintaining the efficiency gains that we have realized to-date, we'll be able to continue to drive our well costs down into 2019. We're pretty excited really about the progress we've made on lowering well cost. In general, we'd say our well costs are down about 3% year-to-date across our plays. For example, we're down about 2% in the Eagle Ford. In the Wolfcamp, we're down about 3%. In the Bakken, we're down about 4%. We're making similar progress across all of our plays. And on average, we're about 3% down for the company, headed towards our goal of 5%, which we believe we'll accomplish in the fourth quarter. So, our plan this year was, as everybody recognized, it was loaded to the front end with CapEx. The production showed up really in the third quarter. All intended to drop a little bit in the fourth quarter, so our run rate this year on a capital basis by quarter was a little bit lopsided. Going into 2019, we do not expect to do the same thing. Our 2019 program would be a little more balanced. We can't give you any guidance or any numbers on that yet. We're still working on that. But we would expect the run rate going into next year to be more balanced and then capital efficiency continue to improve, and that's the whole basis at which we allocate capital these days, is we're only going to do so as we can continue to improve our capital efficiency.
Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just at a higher level. I mean, I appreciate the effort to talk about your reinvestment philosophy. But, I guess, how is the right way to think about – I know growth is an output, but you've got a relatively-unique growth and free cash flow profile. How do you think about balancing more or less growth with more or less free cash flow? And I get returns are a part of it, but you clearly have far more opportunity to deploy capital at high rates of return than you do in any given year. So, where do you draw a line between the amount that you're willing to grow versus a higher or lower amount of free cash? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Brian, this is Bill. Yeah, certainly, we're very committed to operating within cash flow and generate free cash flow every year. Our goal is to generate free cash flow every year. So, we look at the program every year with not a volume number that we're really focused on. We really look at the program as we've already talked about extensively to continue to get better. So, we want to improve capital efficiency, continue to lower the finding and development costs and improve returns. And we believe we've got a sustainable business model, because it's based on $40 oil, which we believe is well below the marginal cost of oil. So, we've created, as you have already commented on, we've got a very powerful engine and we certainly have the ability to grow very fast, but we're not really focused on growth. We're really focused on getting better at increasing returns. So, every year we throttle back to allow us to learn and get better. And we believe as long as we continue to add new plays, we do not see our growth dropping significantly in the next several years at current prices.
Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question will come from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. Bill, I wanted to – if you could elaborate on your comments on capital efficiency being better in 2019 versus 2018. Do you believe that on a spending per unit of production basis, and I'm thinking about oil, that your CapEx dollar will deliver a more oil growth on a year-over-year basis per dollar invested?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Arun. That's absolutely what we believe. It's based on a number of different ideas. The first one, as Billy has already commented on, we're going to get off to a better start, a faster start next year than we did in 2018. And then we really believe we're going to be entering the year at lower cost and higher well productivity than we entered 2018. And we believe with our ability to continue to learn, capture data, integrate the data, analyze the data and put it back into the field very quickly, that we will be able to continue to improve, lower costs and continue to improve our spacing patterns, development patterns and continue to improve well productivity going forward. So our goal every year, not just in 2019, is to get better. And that's a core culture of the company. We've consistently done it for many, many, many years and we do not see any end in that process.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And just my follow-up, Bill, I totally appreciate the fact that EOG allocates capital on a returns basis. But just had a philosophical question on growth. You guys have previously highlighted a 15% to 25% kind of oil growth outlook, assuming $50 to $60. One question we think about, if you get to the middle part of that range, the organization would essentially have to grow kind of a Parsley Energy in terms of size, in terms of oil growth. So we'd argue maybe towards the lower end of that range, may be better from a longer-term perspective. Would love to hear your thoughts on that.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Well, Arun, again, we don't give you any specific numbers. But in general, just as I've commented, because we have multiple plays, we're developing currently 11 different oil plays in the company, and because we have a very decentralized structure that we can focus our divisions on each one of these plays, put the proper people, the proper process in place to continuously improve, as long as we continue to add new potential to the company every year through that whole process, we believe that our growth will not drop significantly in the next several years at current prices.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Can you discuss the decision to lock in services costs for 2019? Specifically, do you think that market prices are near trough? And then if you were to create a waterfall for 2019 like you have on slide 16 for 2018, do you think you need to deliver efficiency gains and multiple green bars from here to keep well costs down? Or are you already seeing well costs down year-on-year in 2019 based on the pricing terms you've locked in?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Brian, this is Billy Helms. Yeah, the decision to go ahead and lock in or capture these service providers that are we think at very favorable prices was really to maintain those efficiencies. We feel like that we're getting some highly efficient crews at what we believe is near the market conditions that we have today, or probably near the low end. We don't know if we can capture the absolute bottom of the trough, but we do feel like we're capturing some of the best providers out there at very favorable prices. So it gives us confidence to be able to continue to lower our well cost in 2019. Yeah, we believe that the momentum we've created on efficiency gains and the progress we're seeing across all of our plays will continue to deliver solid results going into 2019, which is the whole reason we made this decision. We want to – as we started 2018, we had to pick up quite a few crews and equipment. And certainly those don't operate at the efficiency levels that we anticipate or expect. And it took us a while to get there, but we're very satisfied where we are today and the progress we're making on continuous improvement. We just want to maintain that into 2019. Yeah, we're going to continue to push every one of those categories you mentioned there on that slide 16, I believe, for the Wolfcamp. And I believe that one's going to continue to get better over time.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then to follow up on the capital efficiency improving in 2019 point and Arun's follow-up there, you mentioned that well productivity you expect to improve next year. Can you talk about what and where the drivers of that are?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Brian. This is Bill. It's really in multiple different areas. We're seeing still very significant frac technology applications and improvements. We're seeing better execution in our targets, which we're able to drill even faster and stay in a very narrow window even more precisely than we've done in years past. And we continue to learn how to pick our targets better. So our target selection is better, so just in general, the quality of the rock that we target is improving over time. And all these are incrementally and moving continuously at the same time. So we just don't really see an end or a plateau in being able to improve the company going forward. We have a very sustainable business model, a very sophisticated information technology process. And I think I'll ask Sandeep maybe to comment on some of the things that we're doing in the information system to continue to improve.
Sandeep Bhakhri - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, sure, Bill. Yeah, Brian, like Bill said, the main goal is really to continue to improve capital efficiency, and that means drilling better wells for lower cost. And the game-changer for us really has been the ability for us to capture data at a very, very high frequency at a very, very granular level in real-time and deliver it to all our engineers. The level of innovation that is currently that we're seeing continues to amaze me in terms of the inventiveness of our completion engineers and their ability to almost custom design fracs to take advantage of the unique rock that we steered through and the ability of our geosteerers and our G&G folks to continue to fine-tune the target and stay in the real-time basis, regardless of running – maybe crossing faults even and getting back into zones much faster. The whole system is geared towards becoming better with data, assimilating the understanding of potential depletion, dialing that into the frac designs to make better wells on an ongoing basis. So there's innovations going on in drilling, in completions, in production optimization, all with the goal of improving capital efficiency. So the levers of capital efficiency improvements in 2019, I would say, are just numerous, countless almost.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Leo Mariani of NatAlliance Securities. Please go ahead.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Hey, guys. Just wanted to follow up a little bit on sort of your comments around capital efficiency. Obviously, you had a really nice ramp in production here in 2018, and certainly as you guys have pointed out, well costs have fallen. So I guess all things being equal, it certainly looks like we're going to see higher operating cash flows in 2019 versus 2018 here. So just high level, should we expect to see some higher overall just activity levels from EOG? And obviously looks like free cash flow will go up. So maybe just talk about sort of prioritizing the uses next year.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Leo, again, we're going to maintain very strict discipline. So the governor is we're only going to increase spending if we can get better. So that's the absolute thing. I think you've heard that. So the priorities have not changed. We're getting currently, at current prices, we're getting triple-digit rates of returns at the well level. So that's the first priority for cash. We're very excited about new exploration potential that we're generating inside the company. So, we want to continue to pick up better rock at low cost, and we're certainly have debt reduction as a very high priority in the company. And as Tim said, we have already reduced by $350 million this year and we plan to retire another $900 million next year, and we've target over $3 billion of debt reduction over the next – in four-year period. And then, we want to continue to work on increasing the dividend. We have a very strong commitment to returning cash to our shareholders through the dividend as we increased it 31% this year. And if we have a healthy business environment, we'll evaluate quarterly on that, but our goal is to continue to increase that at stronger than a historical rate of 19% compounded annual growth rate. And then, I just want to reiterate. We have no interest, no need in even thinking about expensive corporate M&As. So, we're very focused and very disciplined, and we're going to continue to remain focused on increasing returns by getting better.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay. That's great color. And I also just wanted to focus quickly on the Austin Chalk. I know this is an emerging play for you folks, but obviously you've been in the play for a while. Just wanted to get a sense of where we are in the evolution here. I mean, do you guys feel like you've got a better handle on sort of the economics, as well as just the productive extent of your sizable acreage position at this point in time?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Hey, Leo. This is Ezra Yacob and, yeah, I think as we've talked about it, we've been developing the Austin Chalk. We've been co-developing it now with our Eagle Ford program and it's a little bit more of a complicated play than the Eagle Ford, certainly. And so, while it's prospective across our entire South Texas acreage position there, the sweet spots are a little more discontinuous. And we've done a very good job integrating not only core data and log data that we've collected while we've been developing the Eagle Ford, but we've also tied that into our seismic coverage, which extends across our entire acreage position. So, yeah, we're feeling very good with it. The benefit that the Austin Chalk also has is that since we do co-develop it with the Eagle Ford and it's within our core area, it benefits from a lot of the existing infrastructure. And, obviously, all the operational performance that we have there that we continue to increase in the Eagle Ford, the Austin Chalk continues to benefit from that. So this quarter we brought on 10 net wells. They had a average 30-day rate there of just over 1,800 barrels of oil per day. And so, we are very happy with the performance of it.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bob Brackett of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. You mentioned that approximately 65% of anticipated 2019 services have been secured. What is that 65% of?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: That's 65% – Bob, this is Billy Helms, by the way. This is 65% of our typical average well cost in the company. So, we look at our typical well costs being somewhere in that $6-million range, and it's about 65% of that number.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. So, that's a per-well number, it's not a total capital number?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: No. It's a per well. It's an average for the per-well drill and complete cost.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. That's understood. A separate question. If I look at sort of where you are in spacing in the Delaware Basin, there's a fairly-wide range from 660 feet up to 1,000 feet, and it doesn't seem to be a function of depth or oil cut. Can you give some color? What's driving that well spacing? And how fixed are those numbers?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Bob. This is Ezra Yacob. So that's a good observation you have. I appreciate the question. The first part of our well spacing, it does actually begin with the oil cut. I think our announced type curves for the oil play where we have 226,000 net acres is based on 660-foot spacing. And then for our combo play, which is a little bit shallower, a little bit less of an oil cut, that type curve is based on an 880-foot spacing. And that would be some of our Reeves County acreage down there. But then more than that, the spacing really across the Permian is going to be tied to the local geology. We continue to kind of monitor the long-term performance, a lot of those spacing and different targeting patterns that we've tested. And we've discussed those on past calls where we've been testing spacing in the oil window down to 500-foot to 700-foot spacing, depending basically on the local geology, the number of targets, and as such. It is a complicated play in the Delaware Basin. But I think what we see this year is we've made tremendous progress on defining kind of our optimal spacing and targeting packages for our core acreage positions. We brought 180 wells in the Wolfcamp to sales this year, and it's reinforced that we feel very confident with our announced resource potential on that type curve at 1.3 million barrels of equivalents. And again, that's for a 7,000-foot lateral at 660-foot spacing. I think the way to think about that 660 feet is if you just look at our remaining premium inventory, that's going to be a good average over that acreage position. We feel very good about the work that's been done this year in the Permian; our ability to increase returns and optimize NPV and ultimately increase the capital efficiency as we finish up 2018 and move into 2019.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Appreciate that. Just to be explicit, those numbers account for things like parent child relationships and down-spacing, well interference effects?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, that's correct, Bob. When we put our resource potential on our type curves out there, we've baked all of that in. And so as we continue to integrate our data, not only from the early package development, the early and long-term production profiles of the wells, our real-time completions data. As we integrate that into the next well of packages, really we consider the improvements and the gains that we're able to make as upside.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes, good morning, Bill, to you and your whole team there. I was listening to your prepared comments, and I wanted to go back and explore a little bit the idea that you're ranking these plays at $40 oil. It makes sense to me that your best play at $40 would still be your best play at $60 or $70. But it also seems to me that the way you would develop your assets or your spacing patterns, to pick up on Bob Brackett's point, or how intensively you go after those assets would be different at $60 or $70 than it would at $40. So can you talk about whether you agree with that point of view? And if you do, how you modulate that density aspect of your program?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Charles, we run all of our economics based on our premium price deck of $40 flat and $2.50 flat natural gas prices. So our focus on all of our properties is to develop those to continue to lower the finding costs. That's really, really important; to continue to improve the capital efficiency, that's really, really important; to continue to improve the returns and ultimately, to optimize the NPV. And so we're really able, we believe, to optimize those all at once. And we have a very strict $40 flat, $2.50 flat price deck that we manage the company on. And we believe that will continue to improve the cost structure of the company. And that is what we believe will continue to help us to generate double-digit returns and double-digit growth through the commodity price cycles and that is what will continue to help us become one of the lowest cost producers in the global oil market. So, we're very focused, we're very strict and we're committed to that process.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thanks for that clarification, Bill. That's it from me.
Operator: Our next question will come from Irene Haas of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Yes. My question is on Powder River Basin. Very glad to see that the company is preemptively working on infrastructure. And my question has to do with just permitting on the state and federal level, how is it coming along? Any progress on the EIS? And also, really any gating factor that needs to be taken care of before you guys really, really ramp up, such as oil and gas takeaway.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Irene. This is David Trice. On the regulatory side, we have captured the permits that we need for operatorship out there. So, we've been busy doing that for really the last couple years. As you know, Wyoming's kind of a capture-the-flag state, so you have to actually file the permit to get operatorship no matter what your interest is there. And so we've done that for essentially all of our acreage out there. And as far as the infrastructure goes, we had mentioned on our last call that 2019 was really where we're going to be focused on adding infrastructure and takeaway. Our drilling activity will not be up significantly in 2019. It'll probably be up slightly there, but mainly the focus in 2019 is going to be more focused on putting the pieces in place to go ahead and bring the Powder forward in 2020 and beyond.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. May I have a follow up? Feels like the basin really kind of benefits larger well-organized producers kind of like EOG with scope and scale. So, are there any bolt-on that might make sense down the line for EOG, understanding that you guys are not into buying big companies?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, again, I think I'd reiterate what Bill said earlier. I mean, we're certainly not interested in any of these expensive corporate-level acquisitions. We're always looking to add high-quality acreage at low cost. And so, if some bolt-on would make sense and it's low cost, then we would certainly look at it. But again, our focus is more on the exploration side, finding low cost, high-quality acreage.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Subash Chandra of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you guys could just comment on some public data that's out there. Just showing I guess in New Mexico the well results being sort of incrementally lower than in prior years. And if that's sort of a data integrity thing, or if there's something else going on and this is just an interim event.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Subash. This is Ezra Yacob. With the results in the Delaware Basin there in the New Mexico portion, I'm not sure if I can speak directly to the state data that you're seeing, but what I will say is we're very pleased with the results that we're seeing out there. As I discussed earlier in the opening remarks, all of our well performance are actually outperforming their respective type curves for each of the plays that we're drilling. And we've made a tremendous amount of progress this year. I think this quarter's early time 30-day results are actually the highest of the year this year. And part of that is those quarter-over-quarter numbers will move around a little bit, just depending on which package of wells you're bringing on from which part of the basin. But, really, I think, in general, our team out there has done a great job integrating the data from some of our packages that we've been drilling early in the year, making some adjustments to the spacing and targeting, as well as on the completion side and really increasing the well productivity of those wells, and I think that's showing up a little bit here in this last quarter. In addition to that, as Billy highlighted, we're making pretty good gains on our operational efficiency, which is translating into lower well costs. And so, when you combine those two things together, we're seeing a decrease in our finding and development costs in the plays which are resulting in better returns and a higher capital efficiency, which is what our goal is for that basin.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks, Ezra. State data can be a dangerous thing. That's why I thought I'd ask. The second question is just in the Eastern Anadarko. If this next batch of wells was the very similar sort of high rate artificial lift. And if so, would this open up maybe some other plays for you that are not as in the geo-pressured areas as you typically prefer?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Could we get the first part of your question? We didn't quite understand the first sentence.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah. Sure, sure. My understanding is, at least in East Anadarko, is that the wells are brought on with very high rate gas lift. And I could be wrong there. So just curious if that's the situation or not. And if it is, if there's other plays better in less geo-pressured areas that you can apply a similar artificial lift on the front end to open the plays up.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, this is David Trice. Yes, in Anadarko Basin we do use gas lift there. We bring those wells on initially with gas lift, and really throughout the life of the well. We use gas lift really throughout the company. So that's nothing new for us. In the Eastern Anadarko, we do it a little bit different than we do in other areas, but basically, it's the same around the company. And it's a very low-cost method that we use and we get a very good return and LOE on that.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you for the clarification.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Sankey of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. And we'll move on to the next question. The next question will come from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning, and congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to just quickly return to this discussion of the premium locations and just ask is it fair to think that even though they're all great, some of the locations are better than others? Or maybe to put it another way, since all the premium locations have high potential for outperforming, what informs the choice to develop some of them now and wait on others for later?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, all the premium locations are quite outstanding. They're quite different, I believe, than the average well that the industry's drilling. So they're at a very high, elevated level. And, of course, it's a huge inventory. It's 9,500 locations and some of them are much better than others. And as we continue to add to that premium inventory, our goal is to bring the quality of the inventory up, just like we'd drill, build the quantity of the inventory. And so we do develop all of it. And we believe that every well in the inventory and every play in that inventory has got continuous room for improvement going forward. And so we develop the plays based on returns, and the allocation of the capital in the company is strictly based on returns. And so we drill the highest rate of return wells we have and rank them in the company every year. And we develop them on a play basis. And the pace of learning in the company, because of the information technology and the culture in the company, continues to increase.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Well, that was very helpful. I appreciate that. I'll ask a more narrow question for my follow-up. I noticed on the call you mentioned there's going be a spacing test of the Mowry and the Niobrara together. And so I'm just wondering, since the Turner wasn't mentioned, does that imply that the Turner sweet spots are discrete from the premium Mowry and Niobrara locations?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Jeff. This is David again. On the Turner, we feel like we understand that play a lot better. We've been drilling the Turner for years and we've done various tests over the years, and so we have a good handle already on what the spacing should be in the Turner. Just the fact that the Mowry and the Niobrara are new, we're going to go ahead and do some spacing test there, similar to what we did in the Woodford. And so, we're planning to do those. Those are two separate tests and we're going to do those at 660-foot spacing.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for that clarification. I appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: In closing, our third quarter results were outstanding. The company continues to improve systematically by lowering costs and improving productivity with new technology and efficiency gains. Many thanks again to all the EOG employees for demonstrating the innovative, returns-focused cultures that makes EOG successful. Our culture is a driving force of the company's sustainable business model and we're excited about the future and our ability to continue to create significant long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening and thanks for your support.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc. William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc. D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc. Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc. Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources' second quarter 2018 earnings results conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with SEC reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings press release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are: Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; David Trice, EVP Exploration & Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration & Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing: and David Streit, VP Investor and Public Relations. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review second quarter highlights and corporate growth strategy. David Trice will discuss our new Powder River Basin plays, followed by Lance Terveen, who will cover Powder River Basin takeaway status. I'll then discuss yesterday's dividend announcement and our capital structure outlook. Billy Helms will cover second quarter operating highlights, and Ezra Yacob will give an update on our Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin activity. Then Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. EOG is focused on delivering long-term shareholder value through disciplined high-return organic growth. Our Powder River Basin resource additions this quarter demonstrate once again the value of our exploration focus. We were able to grow our premium inventory in both size and quality by adding locations much faster than we drill them. In addition, our second quarter production results demonstrate our ability to consistently execute and deliver strong double-digit oil growth through our decentralized organization and multi-play asset base. EOG's ability to organically generate new prospects coupled with our proven ability to execute on our premium drilling program demonstrates that EOG is a high-return growth machine with the ability to sustainably generate long-term shareholder value. During the second quarter, we exceeded production targets for oil, natural gas, and NGLs, beat our quarterly total per-unit operating cost, realized better than target prices across all three production streams, announced two new shale plays in the Powder River Basin, and added over 1,500 premium locations and 1.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent of net resource potential. In addition, we also identified new premium locations in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford, effectively replacing the inventory we drilled in our two largest core assets. EOG's undrilled net premium resource potential now equals 9.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent and 9,500 net locations, which is more than 13 years of premium return drilling at our current pace. Last but not least, the Board of Directors approved another increase to the common dividend. The current 19% increase coupled with our previous 10% increase last February brings our total dividend increase to 31% this year. This is a tremendous vote of confidence in our premium business strategy, a strong commitment to capital discipline, and demonstrates our commitment to returning cash to shareholders through the dividend. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2018 and beyond, EOG will continue to deploy a disciplined growth strategy. Disciplined growth means pacing long-term growth to allow the company to maximize the value of our acreage, retain efficiencies to support high returns, and generate cash flow to both reinvest and reward shareholders. EOG in particular is uniquely positioned for disciplined growth due to our diverse portfolio of assets. We're not relying on any one basin to drive our company's success, which means we are in a position to grow production without straining the return on our capital investment or the underlying assets. In other words, we can grow each asset at a pace that maximize returns and NPV per acre. Our production growth in 2018 is a result of investing in high-return premium drilling across nine plays in six different basins. Year to date, almost every one of our operational areas grew production and did so while maintaining efficiencies and producing premium returns. With the addition of the Mowry and Niobrara in the Powder River Basin, we now have 11 plays to develop and fuel the company's future. Slide 8 illustrates the progression of our premium inventory, highlighting our ability to consistently replace and grow premium inventory much faster than we drill it. Disciplined reinvestment of cash flow in our deep inventory of high rate of return drilling is fundamental to how EOG creates significant long-term shareholder value. Next up is David Trice to provide details on our exciting Powder River Basin news.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Bill. Yesterday afternoon we introduced two new premium plays in the Powder River Basin, demonstrating once again the value created by our leadership and exploration. Over the last few years, our Powder River Basin team has focused on understanding the geological complexities of our 400,000 net acre position. Like the Delaware Basin, the Powder River Basin is prolific, with almost a mile deep column of pay and multiple targets. We tested many zones over the years and learned that both the Mowry and the Niobrara shales, much like the Eagle Ford, are resource rich, over-pressured source rocks that produce prolific wells when we apply our refined targeting techniques and EOG-styled completions. Also, much like the Eagle Ford and the Woodford, the Mowry and Niobrara are both shale resource plays, and therefore have great potential for additional efficiencies in the future. Shale allows for tight downspacing, which is a great fit for drilling large packages, using multi-well pads, longer laterals, and zipper fracs. Furthermore, these two resource plays overlap on much of our acreage, allowing development of both concurrently. Tightly spaced wells and co-development also translates to less surface disturbance per well, which reduces our environmental footprint and is particularly important for permitting in Wyoming. Over the last year, we reported some remarkable efficiency records in our Rockies plays, including drilling 18,000 feet in under three days and completing 26 stages in a single 24-hour period. While the records are impressive, so are the averages. Drilling days are down 70% since the start of the downturn in 2014, and completion stages per day are up 50% over the last year. Sustainable cost reductions and shorter cycle times, driven by efficiencies, were a big contributor to adding these two shale plays to our Powder River Basin premium inventory. Currently, well cost in both plays are around $6 million for laterals approaching 2 miles. Combined with average EURs of more than 1 million barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty, the Mowry and Niobrara shales are delivering premium rates of return at very low finding and development cost. Low finding and development costs drive higher corporate-level returns. We estimate EOG's position in the Mowry Shale is prospective for 1.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent from 875 net premium locations using 660-foot spacing. Oil cuts in the Mowry range from 20% to 60% depending on location. We completed two Mowry wells during the second quarter, and their 30-day initial production averaged almost 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our Niobrara Shale resource estimate is 640 million barrels of oil equivalent from 555 net premium locations, also on 660-foot spacing. We expect about half of our estimated Niobrara resource is crude oil. In addition, we identified another 80 net undrilled locations in the Turner play, bringing our undrilled premium location count in the Powder River Basin to over 1,600 net wells. And the Powder River Basin is now ready to become a meaningful contributor to EOG's future growth. We worked hard to assemble and block up our position as well as permit (00:09:59) well locations to capture operatorship. During the second half of 2018, we'll drill the remaining Turner wells planned for the year, and we'll conduct a couple of spacing tests in the Mowry and Niobrara. For 2019, we expect to increase our activity as we add infrastructure and prepare to bring the Powder into full development. Adding nearly 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent in the Powder River Basin from the Mowry, Niobrara, and Turner exemplifies EOG's differentiated investment profile of multiple diverse assets supporting long-term, disciplined, high-return growth. EOG's extensive and diverse asset portfolio is unmatched in the industry and now totals 11 plays across six basins. We have the flexibility to allocate capital to the best performing assets over the long run, ensuring consistent returns to our shareholders throughout the commodity price cycles. Next up is Lance Terveen to discuss our takeaway positioning in the Powder River Basin.
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. The existing midstream presence in the Powder River Basin is strong. For liquids-rich natural gas, there are four processors near our operating area with significant low-pressure and high-pressure gathering systems with backup connections as contingencies. This allows EOG to fully utilize existing plant capacity in the area. In conjunction with midstream providers, planned processing, and NGL takeaway expansions, we are designing an EOG gas gathering and compression system. This system is similar to the successful design of our infrastructure in the Bakken, Eagle Ford, and Delaware Basin, and accomplishes three goals: one, control; two, lower operating costs; and, three, access to multiple markets. Now, on the oil side, takeaway in the PRB is plentiful. The Casper and Guernsey hubs provide access to multiple local refining markets as well as the Salt Lake City and Denver markets. Other pipelines are available to access the Cushing market, and we are studying all options, even the potential to move barrels to the Gulf Coast. Wellhead net-backs today for lease sales are also strong, and we currently anticipate the local market dynamics for oil and condensate to remain strong into 2019. Finally, we are working on solutions for longer-term oil gathering and oil terminal infrastructure. We are well positioned for processing and takeaway in the Powder River Basin today, and we are taking steps now to prepare for increased activity longer term. Infrastructure investments we make over the next 18 months will provide the flexibility to respond to changing market dynamics and access a wide variety of markets out of the Powder River Basin. Here's Tim.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Lance. As Bill mentioned, the Board of Directors approved a $0.14 increase in the common stock dividend. The indicated annual rate is now $0.88. Combined with a $0.07 increase approved in February, the dividend has increased by 31% in 2018. This should send a strong signal about the effect of our shift to premium has had in lowering our cost structure and improving the profitability of the company as well as our commitment to returning cash to shareholders. At the same time, we are making good progress strengthening EOG's financial position. Since year-end 2017, cash on the balance sheet increased by $174 million to $1 billion, and our net debt-to-capitalization ratio decreased to 24% at June 30. $1.26 billion of debt is now classified as current on the balance sheet, as we intend to repay upon maturity a $350 million bond due in October of this year and a $900 million bond due in June 2019. I'm happy to report both Standard & Poor's and Moody's recognized EOG's growing financial strength. Standard & Poor's updated EOG's credit rating to A-minus, and Moody's changed EOG's outlook to positive. We still expect to generate over $1.5 billion of free cash flow in 2018, assuming $60 oil prices. This is defined as discretionary cash flow less CapEx and dividend payments. The bulk of this free cash flow is anticipated to be generated in the second half of the year. Discretionary cash flow is forecasted to increase through the remainder of the year while our CapEx budget was more heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. Up next to provide details on our operational performance is Billy Helms.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. I'm happy to report that our operational teams delivered the well results and volume growth projections that we anticipated at the start of the year. In 2018, we are focused on increasing the net present value of our acreage through more efficient, larger development packages. Our 2018 capital plan was designed to increase our well inventory during the first half of the year in order to improve the operational flexibility for managing these larger development packages. As indicated on our last call, we expect to see more production growth in the third quarter following the increase in activity and capital spend that was weighted towards the first half of the year. In addition, our decentralized organization operating in multiple basins gives us the flexibility to adjust our activity to take advantage of changing market conditions. During the second quarter, our Eagle Ford oil production received favorable Gulf Coast prices that were nearly $3 per barrel higher than WTI. Premium Gulf Coast pricing may persist into next year, so we recently added two rigs in the Eagle Ford to build well inventory, providing us optionality as we begin to plan for 2019. I want to emphasize that we still expect to spend within our guided capital expenditure range, although most likely above the midpoint. About 10 more Eagle Ford wells will be completed this year, with most of the additional inventory being carried into 2019. Operating in multiple basins makes this level of flexibility possible and is fundamental to our ability to deliver sustainable, long-term, high-return growth. We remain focused on our goal of reducing well costs and cash operating costs by 5% this year. Our overall unit operating costs are trending down year over year. And while certain lease operating costs are showing signs of upward pressure, we've been able to offset that pressure with other unit cost savings in transportation and DD&A. Total unit costs are still expected to be down at least 10% this year. Looking ahead to 2019, we anticipate the industry will see some inflationary pressures, possibly on the order of 5% to 10%. As we do every year, we are working diligently to find creative solutions to keep our costs flat in the upcoming year. While drilling rigs and tubulars may see upward pressure, we are positioning ourselves to take advantage of pricing softness in other areas. We have good line of sight into our sand and water cost, which we expect to be down in 2019. We currently have about 50% of our 2019 oil field service needs locked in at very competitive prices, and are working to secure more of our service costs ahead of next year. Finally, we'll continue to benefit from efficiency gains and reduced cycle times obtained by optimizing well package size and increasing the use of multi-well pads and zipper fracs. Taken all together, we think we are well positioned to keep costs at least flat in 2019. I'll turn the call over to Ezra Yacob to provide you an update on the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. This quarter we updated our premium inventory for our two largest oil assets, the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin, adding 520 net premium locations, primarily as the result of efficiency gains as well as productivity improvements. We added 145 net premium locations to the Eagle Ford. And in the Delaware Basin, we identified an additional 375 net locations across our four plays. The last major update to premium inventory for these assets was in early 2017. We have since drilled more than 500 net wells between the two basins, 270 in the Eagle Ford and 250 in the Delaware Basin. These two workhorse assets made up 73% of our oil production last year and 58% of our total production. With this update to premium locations, we effectively replaced the inventory we've drilled over the last year and a half. Our Eagle Ford asset delivered another great quarter of consistent high-return results, with 67 net wells brought online. Utilizing larger well packages, longer laterals, and zipper fracs, we continue to incrementally push the boundaries of this world-class play every quarter, and it continues to deliver. Average lateral length on our western acreage is now approaching 2 miles while continuing to deliver excellent initial 30-day production rates. Wells drilled on our western acreage during the second quarter averaged more than 1,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Increased drilling efficiencies are driving down drilling days even as we extend lateral lengths. In fact, this year we are drilling the same total footage per month as we did in 2014 at the peak of our activity level, and doing so with only half the rig count. Furthermore, our drilling team is achieving this performance while staying within a precision drilling window that is approximately one-fifth the size it was four years ago. We've discussed the impact of precision targeting in the past. It is the number one driver of well productivity and critical to optimizing net present value across our 520,000 net acres. In the Austin Chalk, the average lateral length of the five wells drilled during the second quarter was the longest yet at 7,900 feet. Average initial 30-day production exceeded 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Austin Chalk wells on average pay out in just over three months. We continue to examine the Austin Chalk's prospectivity in our South Texas Eagle Ford acreage. The target is less consistent than the Eagle Ford shale. However, where it is prospective, it consistently delivers prolific results. Earlier this year, one of our first successful Austin Chalk wells, the Kilimanjaro, reached 1 million barrels of oil in less than two years, averaging more than 1,500 barrels of oil per day for 626 days. Furthermore, the play is in an advantageous location with well-developed infrastructure close to the Gulf Coast and benefits from our extensive seismic and log control collected through our Eagle Ford development program. In our Delaware Basin asset, we brought 70 net wells to sales in the Leonard, Bone Spring, and Wolfcamp plays. Twenty percent of our Wolfcamp activity during the second quarter was in the Wolfcamp combo trend, a higher GOR play in Reeves County, Texas. Over the last 18 months, we've been building out infrastructure to transition a portion of this asset into a core development area, and we are increasing activity commensurate with that construction. We have captured a 120,000 net acre position across this trend, and the combination of increased operational efficiencies and well performance, permanent infrastructure, and our natural gas processing contracts generate some of the highest net present value per well across the company. This quarter, we brought online 10 net wells averaging over 8,000 feet in lateral length and delivering 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well. We're excited to see this trend become a larger contributor to our portfolio, delivering in excess of 200% direct after-tax rate of return. In our Leonard and Bone Spring plays, we completed one of the largest packages we have done to date. The State Viking wells in Loving County are a package of 13 wells drilled across four targets, two in the Leonard and two in the Bone Spring. The combined 30-day rate for this package was a staggering 21,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, or approximately 1,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well on laterals averaging about 4,500 feet. In every one of our unconventional plays, determining optimal well spacing is critical to maximizing the net present value of each acre. Determining optimal well spacing is also a problem-solving exercise that requires balancing multiple variables. Drilling widely spaced wells to maximize initial production rates and early returns can prevent optimal asset development over the long run due to the parent-child effect. However, overly aggressive well spacing will also have a detrimental effect due to potential communication between wells and potential overinvestment. In each of our plays, we collect an extensive amount of robust drilling, completion, and production data and integrate it with geologic analysis to build reservoir models. These complex models provide the basis to determine optimal development patterns to maximize the NPV of our acreage. A basin as target-rich as the Delaware is a great example. During the first half of 2018, we drilled a number of spacing and development patterns across six different Upper Wolfcamp targets in different combinations across the play. One of these packages was the Quanta Parker 8H through 11H, a four-well package drilled on our Texas acreage. Average 30-day IPs for the wells in this package were more than 2,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well on lateral lengths approaching 2 miles. The wells in this package were drilled 440 feet apart across two Upper Wolfcamp targets. This is some of the tightest spacing we've tested in the Wolfcamp to date, and these wells are generating at an outstanding NPV of $10 million per well. The Delaware Basin is still early in its development. Leveraging our experience and data from 15 years of developing unconventional resources across North America is a tremendous advantage in our efforts to maximize NPV across our 416,000-acre position. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Ezra. I would like to leave everyone with a few closing thoughts. Number one, EOG continues to solidly execute our 2018 premium drilling program. The company is delivering strong triple-digit direct well returns and strong double-digit U.S. oil growth. Number two, EOG's exploration effort continues to deliver by organically generating premium drilling potential much faster than we drill it. This quarter's addition of 1.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent in the Powder River Basin is a remarkable and significant resource addition to our portfolio. Since permanently shifting to premium in 2016, we've essentially tripled our premium location count and more than quadrupled our premium resource potential. Number three, EOG now has 11 premium options to efficiently deploy capital. Our multi-play options enhance our ability to deliver strong returns and growth consistently and sustainably over the long haul. Number four, we're committed to a disciplined growth strategy. For the remainder of the year and as we look to start planning for 2019, you should expect EOG to remain disciplined about growth and capital allocation to maximize returns. And number five, executing our premium strategy will grow production and cash flow, produce double-digit ROCE, and fund dividend growth. More importantly, we can consistently deliver this performance over the long term and through commodity price cycles. We believe that is unique, not just in the E&P industry but in any industry, and it is perfectly aligned with our ultimate goal to create significant shareholder value. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Your first question today will be from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Bill, I'm not sure who you want to direct this one to. But some time ago, I seem to recall you mentioning the Powder River had some of the best wells in the portfolio. Now that you have shown us what this can do by way of the additional inventory, how would you characterize how activity might evolve there relative to the other plays or indeed additive to the other plays in 2019?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Doug, this is David Trice. As far as the Mowry and the Niobrara go, we'll be increasing activity in 2019 on those plays. The volume impact of those will be more likely weighted to late 2019 and on into 2020 as we build out our infrastructure there.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I guess we'll wait in the cuff. I guess there are no specifics you can give us at this time, but I'm presuming it's not going to be a two-rig programs out there.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Well, as far as any specifics, we'll give the specifics in February when we give our 2019 plan.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. I thought I would try anyway. But my follow-up is, Bill, I feel as if I ask you this question a lot nowadays, but the cadence of spending in the second half of the year, given even slightly above the midpoint of your guidance, suggests that we're dropping off quite a bit to a $1.25 billion-type run rate. Is that realistic? And how are you starting to think about, dare I say it, share buybacks? Are they ever going to be on the table assuming you remain capital disciplined and let's say a $60-type of level? I'm just thinking about the amount of free cash you're generating this year. Despite the guidance on the debt reduction, it still looks like you're going to be churning out a great deal of free cash beyond your uses.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Doug, we constantly evaluate all of our options, and we are very, very committed to doing what's right for the long-term shareholders. As you know, we manage the company for a sustainable success over the long term. So currently with the improving commodity prices, we believe certainly that the first thing we want to do is continue to reinvest in our premium drilling at very, very high rates of return, and continue to invest in organic exploration that's produced these Powder River Basin results. And we're focused on debt reduction, and we're certainly focused on, and very committed to the shareholders with a very strong dividend increase. And so at this point in the life of the company, that is certainly the best way we feel like to continue to create long-term shareholder value and leave our options open and leave us flexible to do what is right for the shareholders in the long term.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So the first part of that question, Bill, sorry to push on this, but the drop-off in spending in the second half of the year, is that run rate about right? And can you maybe just give us an idea what's driving the drop sequentially? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Doug, this is Billy Helms. So the plan that we put together at the start of the year is consistent with the way it's being executed today. We planned about and actually completed about 40% of the wells. In the company that were completed in the first half were Delaware Basin wells. That will decline in the second half of the year to about 30% of our overall completions. And on the flip side, our plays up in the Rockies that we've talked about, the DJ, the Bakken, and the Powder River Basin, will go from about 10% of our completions in the first half to about 20% of our completions in the second half. And so we're bringing in a mixture of just lower-cost wells in the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year, which is why the spending rate has declined a little bit. The goal in the first part of the year was to build, as we moved to these larger packages wells, was to build up our inventory, and that gives us a lot of flexibility in managing these programs.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's really helpful, guys. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will be from Paul Sankey of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone. Gentlemen, I understand your excitement over the operational performance in the Powder River Basin, but it seems to me, especially with the stock trading off this morning, that the inventory is getting bewilderingly large, and you repeated on the call that you're adding inventory faster than you drill it. You're up to 13 years of future drilling. Is there a terminal point for that at which you don't need any more, or perhaps would you shift to an ultra-premium well location metric with a higher hurdle so that it becomes more meaningful at a given level? Thank you.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Paul, I think you know our focus is certainly replacing and adding to our premium inventory, but it's also very focused on improving the quality of the premium inventory. If you look at the slide, I believe it's slide number 8, you'll see that our inventory is growing very fastly. But at the bottom, it shows the per-well productivity and reserve potentials per well. And you can see that that's also going up too. So that went up again as we added the Powder River. And what that does, with multiple assets, that gives us the ability to continue to shift our capital based on returns. And that is what we're focused on, is maximizing and continuing to improve the returns in the company. And so that gives us more options and even better quality inventory to continue to do that. And it also gives us an option down the road that if we're not going to drill that in a certain amount of time, we can certainly get value for that by maybe monetizing it or doing other things with it too. So generating more and better inventory is not a problem. That is a very good thing to do, and that's what we're focused on, and that's what's going to continue to create value for the company going forward.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: So I guess what you're saying is that the per-well metric that you highlighted is effectively an increase to the definition, an ongoing increase to the definition of a premium well?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, they're getting better as we continue to generate over time.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Right, I've got you. And then the CapEx for this year was set at a lower price, I assume. I forget the exact number, but it's being maintained despite higher prices. It's really a follow-up to Doug's question. Can we run this level of CapEx into the future because that becomes such an important way of looking at all this? Thanks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: We don't have any specific guidance for 2019 or forward. The message we – and the way we're going to manage the company is we're going to stay disciplined, and we're going to stay focused on returns and not growth. So we'll spend and increase our CapEx only with discipline. Obviously, our cash flow is growing even if oil prices stay the same because our volume is going up. But we're not going to go so fast that we begin to have rising costs or we exceed the learning curve. And we're focused on developing each one of our properties at the maximum NPV and returns, and that takes discipline and it takes time. And so we're going to focus and stay very disciplined going forward.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: I met my quota. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Leo Mariani of NatAlliance Securities. Please go ahead.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Hey, guys. I was hoping to dive a little bit more into the Powder River here. Just noticing that you haven't had a ton of wells in the Niobrara and Mowry, but you guys are certainly coming out with a pretty robust inventory. I was hoping you can maybe just give us a little bit more color if there are a lot of industry wells that are giving you confidence. And then also I'm just trying to get a sense of how the new Powder River plays rank in comparison to some of your other premium plays.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Leo, this is David Trice. So we've known for quite some time that the Mowry and the Niobrara have a lot of resource potential under our acreage. We began drilling on those actually in 2008 and 2009 as far as in the testing phase. So over the years, we've collected a lot of data. We've drilled nine Niobrara wells and nine Mowry wells since that time. We have five proprietary cores in the Mowry and two proprietary cores in the Niobrara in addition to all the publicly available data. So what this has allowed us to do is build over 1,700 full petro-physical models across the Powder River Basin. And what that really does is allows us to define the very best targets, also the resource in place, and helps with our completions as well, which is really critical to the success of the plays. And then as you noted, there has been industry activity in the basin. There have been over 200 Niobrara wells drilled in the Powder River Basin and about 30 Mowry wells. So we can take all that data with all the petro-physical data and core data, and we can build some very sophisticated reservoir models that we can really apply across a lot of our different plays and help us to understand both these plays. So all of that data that's been collected over the years has really helped. And then one of the biggest factors in converting this to premium is the fact that our cost structure has dramatically come down over the last several years. We've been able to focus our drilling the last few years on the Turner, which is a higher permeability sandstone that's premium. And so as we've done that, we've gotten a lot better at executing in the Powder River Basin, and we've been able to bring down a lot of our drilling and completions, facility, and LOE costs over time. So as we mentioned on some of the calls and even on this call, we set a lot of records over several years in the Powder. We routinely drill these Turner wells. These are 2-mile wells, in six to seven days, and our zipper frac operations allow us to complete up to 10 stages a day. So all of that really, really helps, and it really helps deliver a really low finding cost. As you think about the low finding cost, that ends up flowing through to your corporate-level return, so that's going to drive a higher ROCE over time. So really we do have quite a bit of data, and we've got a lot of experience in the basin.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay, that's helpful. I just wanted to shift gears a little bit over to the Delaware Basin. I just wanted to get you guys to talk a little bit high level about what your exposure is to some of the weaker differentials there, and if you guys are able to maybe get a bunch of those barrels over to the Gulf Coast. And I guess if there is some exposure to the diffs, would you plan to reallocate capital going forward?
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Leo, hey. This is Lance. Hey, thanks for the question. I think you can really see the value of our transportation is really flowing through. When you look at our gas differentials, you can absolutely see for the first quarter and the second quarter relatively very little exposure related to Waha on gas. And then for the oil differentials, I think what you're seeing there too, we've talked about 25% is subject to the Mid-Cush. But when you look at our transportation that we have, and then when you look at that with our natural hedges that we have operationally and the large focus that we have in the Rockies, big Gulf Coast exposure, it's really distilled, it's really diluted down. So when you really look at the Mid-Cush exposure even for the rest of this year, it's less than 10%. Then you add in our Mid-Cush hedges, we're very well insulated in terms of the differential related to the Permian. But maybe just to talk about the transportation, we've done an exceptional job there. We've got our Conan terminal. That's up and running full speed. We're going to have five market connections there long term. We're moving barrels to Cushing today. We've got capacity down to Corpus today. We don't talk a lot about it, but when you think about a lot of the new pipeline expansions that are going to be starting up, starting in late 2019 and then 2020, EOG was a big reason why a lot of those got anchored. When you think about the Sunrise expansion that's going to be starting very quickly going into Cushing, that's EOG. When you think about Gray Oak Pipeline starting up, we're going to have a position behind that with our terminal. So we think not only 2018 for the rest of this year and then also into 2019 and beyond, especially looking into late 2019 moving into 2020, we're effectively going to have very minimal if any Mid-Cush exposure. And that's the value of having a lot of optionality, because what we've seen in other basins, as you see the infrastructure get built out and somewhat overbuilt, you don't want to have too much exposure into one market. Because as we see things going into 2020, the overbuild situation, you could actually see a lot of strength actually in the Midland local market. So long term we're going to have the flexibility to sell into all those markets.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay, that's a great answer. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Bob Brackett of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. Talking a bit about the Powder River Basin, if I think about the way you've talked about those locations, it feels like there's a single landing zone in each of the Mowry and the Niobrara. We know that the Mowry and the Niobrara are regionally extensive, but your acreage footprint is a subset of your total acreage, and you haven't even talked about more than half the targets out in the column there. How should we think about how well refined the numbers are for locations, and what's the potential they could grow?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Bob, this is David Trice again. On the Niobrara and the Mowry, those do overlap. And so as you think about those, what we've given you there is a subset of our acreage, and it's only the portion that we feel is premium. So all the locations are premium. If you think about how they overlap, pretty much 100% of our Niobrara will be co-developed with the Mowry. So where the Nio is premium, the Mowry is also premium. And then the Mowry footprint is a little bit larger than the Niobrara footprint. And so if you think about that, about 60% to 65% of that area will be co-developed with the Niobrara. So we haven't really talked a lot about the other zones or anything like that. But that's always something we're working on. We're always testing new zones, trying to find better targets. And currently in both the Niobrara and the Mowry, we're focused predominantly on single zones, but we're also looking at potential to stack or stagger in either of those. So that's an ongoing process as we collect more data and get more tests in the ground.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will be from Irene Haas of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: If I may, to touch a little bit on South Texas on your Austin Chalk, right now you've got 582,000 net acres in the area. I was just wondering of what percentage is prospective for Chalk, and then in terms of the product mix, oil, gas, and NGL. And can you cherry-pick and move into the more oily and liquids-rich windows?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Irene, this is Ezra Yacob. And as I mentioned in the opening remarks, this quarter we brought on five wells there in the Austin Chalk in South Texas at an average lateral length of about 8,000 feet and over 3,000 barrels of equivalents per day. The oil mix on those was about 87%. And we continue to be very pleased, very happy with our Austin Chalk performance down in the South Texas acreage. Part of what makes it so prospective down there is that we've collected an awful lot of data while we've been developing and producing the Eagle Ford underneath the Austin Chalk. And so integrating that core data, the log data that we've collected along with our seismic, we've really been able to map out and high-grade where we've been developing the Austin Chalk. As we've talked about in the past, it's geologically a bit of a complex play. Historically, the industry's success has been pretty inconsistent from well to well as it was more of a fracture play. We've really been focused on the matrix contribution in the Austin Chalk, making it a bit more repeatable. But outside of that, across our acreage and different GORs, I'm not sure if we're prepared to get into those details today.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: May I follow up also? With your enhanced oil recovery, it looks like you guys have added some locations this year, maybe a little color on what we should be looking forward to 2019. Is it going to be a consistent program that would be replicated each year? That's all.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Irene, again, we've been very pleased with our EOR performance in South Texas. As you know, that's a process that we really implement after the units or the drilling area is fully developed. And so there is a quicker ramp up over the first few years, and then there will be a little bit of a slowdown as we convert wells because we need to make sure that we're optimally developing for primary recovery. The production profile so far is falling right in line with our early models. We're expecting to produce an incremental 30% to 70% more than the primary recovery. And this year we're on target to turn over approximately 90 wells onto the EOR process. And as far as the forecast out in 2019, I don't think we're prepared to give guidance on that at this time.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Christine Alfonso of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, it's Brian Singer actually. Thanks, good morning. I wanted to stick in the Eagle Ford for the first question here. You added 145 new premium locations, but still have substantial locations not classified as premium. Could you talk to the level of certainty that those non-premium locations could or will not become premium? And can you address your latest thoughts on well spacing in the Eagle Ford?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Brian, this is Ezra again. Hopefully, I'll hit on all those points here. In the Eagle Ford, so the first thing I'd mention is that inventory update for the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin, that's a snapshot in time. We continue, between lowering well costs through operational efficiencies and increasing well productivity, continue to see and feel good about our ability to convert non-premium wells into the premium status. To date, we've got 7,200 total wells in our provided guidance on the Eagle Ford, and those are actual sticks on a map, with 2,300 of those approximately as premium, about 2,600 of those as drilled wells. And so that leaves roughly about 2,000 wells that are currently non-premium. And with the advancements we've made just in the last few years on the operational efficiencies, I think we feel very good about being able to convert a large portion of those. I mentioned in the opening remarks, we're averaging 10,000-foot laterals drilled out in the western Eagle Ford, and we brought on 22 wells this quarter at that treated lateral length. And those wells were actually drilled in less than seven days' time, again, in that precision target of just a 20-foot window. And so that combined with our geologic understanding and our completions methodology should really keep that stimulation near wellbore and complex. I feel very good about increasing well productivity also. And then the second part of the question was on the spacing side. That's right. We're developing currently between 330 to 500-foot spacing across the Eagle Ford. A lot of that is dependent on the different geologic trends that we're in, whether we're in the east or the west, whether or not there's more or less faulting in the area. Again, we strive not to get into a one-size-fits-all manufacturing mode. That's exactly what we don't want to do. We try to integrate as much data as we collect, and we remain flexible to adjust our drilling patterns and our targeting based on the local geology across the asset base.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. And my follow-up also is on the topic of spacing but shifting to the Delaware and the Wolfcamp. You've highlighted over multiple quarters the expectations that the industry could struggle a bit here on parent-child issues and spacing tests. And here you're highlighting favorable results from your 440-foot spacing test in the Wolfcamp. Can you talk more about the implications of that, if any, across your acreage, how much acreage could be developed potentially at that spacing? And can you remind us what's built into your premium locations and what milestone set you're looking for further?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Brian, this is Ezra again. Let me start with your last question there. Our type curve for the Wolfcamp oil window is – and that's across 226,000 acres in the oil window – that's a 1.3 million barrel of equivalent gross type curve on a 7,000-foot lateral at 660-foot spacing. And that type curve of course is an average across the 220,000 acres. And so what we've highlighted over the last couple of quarters are we've been trying to optimize our spacing, really with a focus on maximizing the NPV for our acreage position. We've been happy year to date with our progress there. All of our Wolfcamp wells are performing at or above the type curve that we've released. So we're very, very pleased with that. Really what happens across the play, I think the way to think about it is, especially in the Delaware Basin, the geology is pretty complex. There's just an abundance of targets. And so again, similar to how I referenced the Eagle Ford, the last thing we want to do is get going too fast and get into a manufacturing mode. I think the 440-foot spacing highlighted on the Quanah Parkers highlights a good spacing for that area and that geology where those targets are applicable. I think with as many targets as there is in the Delaware Basin and in the Wolfcamp, we think there's a tremendous amount of upside, but we're happy with what we've released right now. And as we gather more data and have more details for you, we'll certainly update you.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Scialla of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Lance, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about the midstream in the Powder River. It sounds like you're going to build out your own gathering system and there's plenty of processing capacity, but I was wondering. It looks like there's going to be a lot of gas coming out of the play. What are your thoughts about the end markets for that gas? Where is most of that going to go?
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Great question, Michael. One thing to remember too, we've been operating down here for a long time, so we actually have existing capacity on the intra-state systems there today. And as you think about a lot of that residue gas, it makes its way down to Cheyenne. And then from Cheyenne, we have other transportation arrangements that we can move further downstream from there too. So again, as we've look back over time, when we look at making commitments, we're going to be really very disciplined about it. We're looking at all the macro things, what's going on up in Wyoming. We're looking at all the takeaway on the pipes. And then we also want to be very careful just from a transportation standpoint. We don't want to make transportation commitments at some different rates. As we know, things are going to change. Basis is going to change over time. So I'd say to get you comfortable there, we're aware and familiar of all the markets. We've been operating and marketing in that area for a long time. And then as we look at layering in additional capacity over time, we're going to be very disciplined on that and ensure that it matches up. And like we've said in the past, we typically like to have anywhere from 70% to 80% of coverage for the first three to five years because your crystal ball so far looking out and what's happening out in the macro environment and with pricing. And so that's traditionally how we like to set things up from a capacity standpoint looking forward.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good, thanks for that. And I was just wondering, any update on the Anadarko-Woodford? You guys had talked about it the prior quarter, but not much this quarter. I'm just wondering where that stands.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Michael, this is David Trice. So on the Woodford, we were reasonably active there in the second quarter. We brought on a number of wells late in the quarter, including two four-well packages of wells that are going to be spacing tests. And so as you know, what we really like about that play is the high oil cut and the low decline nature of the play. So really coming out with 24-hour IPs are really not that beneficial. So what we're really looking to do is provide a little more color in the next quarter on those larger packages.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very good, thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, guys, a couple in the weeds questions. You commented that you had two Wolfcamp targets in the 440-foot testing. What was the hypotenuse between those? I know you gave the lateral at 440.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: David, this is Ezra. You caught me off-guard with the hypotenuse. I will say in the vertical sense, the spacing between those two targets is approximately 120 feet. And so 120x440, you can do the math.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yes. And then your operating expense guidance was up due to the higher workover expenses, and you expect that to trend down as your larger pads get normalized. One question, for the offset wells post-workover, did they come back to the prior production levels before they were frac-impacted?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: David, this is Billy Helms. What we've experienced in our plays is we are successful in getting those wells pretty much back to what they were producing prior to the frac hits. I think one thing we've noticed in some of the plays is production from the offsets can increase. But in general, they do tend to come back to what they were producing prior to the cleanouts. And sometimes, it just takes a little longer in certain plays to react. We've learned a lot about how to manage those larger packages of wells and the lumpy nature of the production that we see as a result of those and then how to best manage the offset production and clean out the wellbores. So that's why it gives us confidence that our expense workover costs are going to trend down through the rest of the year.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: How much downtime did you have, like how many barrels was that? I was just curious, in the second quarter.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: It varies certainly by play and also it varies a lot between – so it's hard to give you a specific answer. But in each play, the amount of depletion that you have from that offset production prior to coming in with the new package affects it. The well spacing, the targeting, and how big the fracs are that you're putting on the new wells, all those play a role in how much the production is down. So it's hard to give you a specific number really based on that.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will be from Robert Morris of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thanks. I think you've hit on almost all my questions. But I just guess following up, Ezra, you mentioned that the type curve is 1.3 million barrels gross for a 7,000-foot lateral on 660-acre spacing on the Wolfcamp A. As you go down to 440-foot spacing, I know slide 14 gives it on a 5,000-foot lateral basis, but what would you anticipate the degradation in the per-well EOR as you go to that tighter spacing?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Robert, this is Ezra. So it's a little bit difficult to quantify. That 1.3 million barrels is an average across our 220,000 acres. Right now, the Quanah Parkers are outperforming that type curve on the 440. I don't want to mislead you and suggest that we're thinking 440-foot spacing is the correct spacing going forward across the entire 226,000 net acre position. Like I said, that's exactly the route that we prefer not to go down to is to get into a manufacturing mode. We really integrate our completions data, our reservoir data, and our geology most importantly to right-size each of these well packages for the area that we're drilling in. This is the approach that we have taken really in each of our plays that we've been developing throughout the 15 years we've been developing unconventional horizontal plays. And so hopefully that gives you a little bit of color on the 440 there on the Quanah Parkers.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I appreciate it. I understand. It's a lot of data, and it's very complicated. So I appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Thomas for his closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: In closing, we want to thank each EOG employee for their contribution to another excellent quarter. 2018 is turning out to be a banner year for the company. We're achieving record returns on investment and record oil production while adding new premium drilling potential much faster than we drill it. EOG has a sustainable high-return business model and positioned to deliver long-term shareholder value. Thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc. William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Lloyd W. Helms - EOG Resources, Inc. Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc. D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc. David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you, good morning. Thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings press release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; David Trice, EVP Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review our corporate strategy and cash flow priorities. I'll cover our capital structure and dividend outlook. Billy Helms will cover first quarter operating and financial highlights, and Ezra Yacob, Lance Terveen and David Trice, will review asset levels results and marketing developments across our most active plays. Then Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. EOG is a disciplined, high-return, organic growth company. Delivering high returns and strong growth is a rare combination not often found in any industry. With our low-cost organic exploration expertise, the company is currently developing nine premium geologic plays across six basins in North America. The power of our premium-only drilling strategy is reflected in our first quarter performance. We earned a company record direct after-tax rate of return of 150% on $1.5 billion of total invested capital. The ability of EOG to generate 150% direct after-tax rate of return on that much capital in one quarter is remarkable compared to any standard. Strong execution delivered volumes on the high end of our forecast, and most of our operating costs came in below targeted ranges. We are well on our way to executing our 2018 plan that will deliver 18% oil growth and generate over $1.5 billion of free cash flow at $60 oil. We believe disciplined reinvestment of cash flow and high rate of return drilling is fundamental to creating significant long-term value. We've been very consistent and clear about this priority for our cash flow. We believe it is by far the most shareholder-friendly decision we can make. Disciplined investment in premium oil, defined as having strong returns at $40 oil, allows EOG to deliver strong oil growth with free cash flow at $50 oil and substantial free cash flow at $60 oil. Along with reinvesting in high return wells, we've outlined the following priorities for utilization of free cash flow. First, an impeccable balance sheet is fundamental to a commodity-exposed business. Having low debt strengthens the sustainability of our dividend and maintains our investment flexibility through the volatility of the commodity price cycle. Concerning flexibility, let me be clear on one point. We have no interest in expensive corporate M&A in any commodity price environment. EOG is an organic exploration company with the ability to continually add premium drilling through low-cost organic leasing and low-cost tactical property additions. And it's important to emphasize here that our premium hurdle rate applies across the board to everything we do. We have set a target to reduce total debt outstanding by $3 billion over the next several years. Tim Driggers will provide more detail on our debt reduction plans in a moment. Second, we will target dividend growth above our historical 19% compounded annual rate. We have a long history of delivering a dividend that we can maintain throughout the volatility of the commodity price lifecycle. The result has been 17 increases in 19 years without a single dividend cut. We believe our prospects for cash flow growth will support strong dividend growth that is sustainable through price cycles. In summary, EOG is a high-return organic growth company. Our ability to grow production and cash flow, produce double-digit ROCE, and deliver cash returns to shareholders through strong dividend growth simultaneously is rare. That's a truly unique combination, not just in the E&P industry, but in any industry. It is perfectly aligned with our ultimate goal: to create significant shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers for more on our capital structure and dividend.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Bill. Over the last three years, we have reset the company to thrive at much lower oil and gas prices. As a result, we are uniquely positioned to generate a meaningful amount of free cash flow. EOG now has the opportunity to take the next steps to further strengthen the balance sheet and increase the rate of dividend growth. Currently, our balance sheet is strong at 28% leverage and $6.4 billion of total debt. Our target is to further reduce total debt by $3 billion. The $3 billion of debt reduction is a prudent target in a cyclical capital-intensive business. We expect to achieve that target over the next several years by repaying bonds as they mature, using cash generated from operations. This measured pace of debt reduction provides room to fund strong dividend growth. We were pleased to make it through the last downturn without cutting the dividend and without a dilutive equity offering to shore up the balance sheet. Whatever future commitments EOG makes must be sustainable for the long term. This means we must consider the strength of our balance sheet and the sustainability of the dividend through low commodity price scenarios, not just against the rising level of oil prices that exists today. The dividend is an important element of EOG's financial strategy. We've increased the dividend at a compounded annual rate of 19% since 1999. With a lower breakeven cost structure and a strong balance sheet, we're now targeting a dividend growth rate that exceeds the 19% historical rate. Our dividend growth strategy signals our confidence in the future profitability of the company, provides shareholders with a tangible form of return on their investment, and imparts a measure of discipline on the organization. EOG creates shareholder value through operations and not financial engineering. A strong financial position is a competitive advantage as we seek to sustain our performance through the volatility of the commodity price cycle. The company can do this with a straightforward financial structure and an impeccable balance sheet. This will leave EOG positioned to keep its financial commitments in future downturns, including sustaining a more ambitious dividend. Up next to provide details on our operational performance is Billy Helms.
Lloyd W. Helms - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. 2018 is all about maintaining our disciplined capital growth program. In the first quarter, we delivered at or above our production targets and have laid the groundwork to deliver our forecasted well cost targets. We are maintaining our full-year capital guidance of $5.4 billion to $5.8 billion, growing oil production 18%, growing total production 16%, reducing well cost 5%, reducing debt, producing free cash flow, and most importantly, delivering double-digit return on capital employed. There are a number of operational accomplishments from the first quarter I'd like to highlight. We increased activity earlier in the year and are now operating about 40 rigs across six basins. We still expect to average about 39 rigs for the year. Our operating teams in each area are quickly moving the new rigs in our fleet up the learning curve to deliver sustainable efficiency improvements that will yield benefits the rest of the year. In our larger development programs, we moved to larger packages of wells with longer laterals, completing more than 150 net wells with over 30 of those brought to sales in the last week of the quarter. About two-thirds of the wells in the Delaware Basin were in packages of six wells or more. In Eagle Ford, over half the wells were in packages of five wells or more. In the coming quarters, we will be competing several 6 to 10 well packages in both plays, which will improve our operational efficiency and maximize the net present value of our acreage. Initiating this development from larger multi-well packages results in a production profile that is more weighted to the second half of the year as can be seen in our full year production guidance. As a result, we anticipate that our growth will be more heavily weighted to the third quarter than any other quarter this year. We improved our completions efficiency, increased the number of wells completed per month by each completion crew. This allows us the option to consider reducing the pressure pumping equipment utilized this year. And finally, we continue to meaningfully lower sand, water, flowback and facility cost. As a result of the progress we made during the first quarter, we remain confident that we will be able to deliver the targeted 5% well cost reductions we discussed at our last earnings call. Controlling costs is key to a successful commodity business. Year-after-year, we have been able to consistently control costs. And that is true whether we are at the top or bottom of the cycle. There are a few good reasons for that. First, we have a unique benefit of having worked in multiple basins through their lifecycles for almost 20 years. That experience provides valuable foresight. We take our very forward-looking growth plan and analyze the market to anticipate when and where we might see tightness from the services industry, takeaway, relative demand for oil, gas and NGLs, and many other factors. These hard earned lessons over the past two decades have given us the experience to quickly adjust our plans to the ever changing conditions in the industry. Second, the scale of our operations provides several pricing benefits as well as efficiency opportunities. The more wells we drill in any given area, the better we get at drilling those wells. Drilling and completing hundreds of wells over and over is how our talented engineers generate ideas for innovation. It also allows us to invest time and money into unbundling services and, if advantageous, bringing those efforts in-house. That includes everything from building our own water sourcing and gathering infrastructure to self-sourcing or procuring raw materials directly from the manufacturer. Our self-sourcing capabilities started with sand and now grown to include tubulars, chemicals and drilling mud. Third, we run a conservative business both operationally and financially. Operationally, we avoid going so fast that we start to degrade our return profile by paying too much for services or allowing ourselves to get inefficient. Financially, we're committed to a strong balance sheet. Low debt combined with scale allows us to commit to services when others in the industry may be hesitant to do so. This is exactly what occurred last year when we were able to lock in completion spreads at a low cost as one of the few E&Ps willing to commit capital. Looking ahead to 2019, we'll continue to opportunistically lock in services by proactive engagement with our suppliers. We'll also continue to optimize well package size and increase the use of multi-well pads and zipper fracs which will speed operations and well transitions. Finally, we see more opportunity to optimize our sand program and accelerate water we use to further reduce cost. We have line of sight into these and many more areas to reduce cost and improve efficiencies well into 2019. I'll turn the call over to Ezra Yacob who will update you on the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. The Eagle Ford continues to prove itself quarter-after-quarter as a world-class oil play and EOG's premier asset. In the first quarter, we brought 72 wells online with average spacing of about 300 feet and average payout of seven months. We believe this operational and financial performance in the Eagle Ford is unmatched in the industry. We increased our rig count to 11 in the first quarter and realized a 5% increase in footage drilled per day, accompanied by a 5% decrease in cost per foot. Not to be outdone, our completions team also increased operational efficiencies and is forecasting further cost savings with the addition of local sand sources. Wells on the eastern Eagle Ford acreage position averaged 1,810 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the first 30 days online and wells on our western acreage averaged 1,375 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the first 30 days. While the wells in our western acreage position have lower initial rates, the combination of less faulting and our contiguous acreage position allows for consistently longer laterals than in the East, which drives operational efficiencies. Therefore, the wells across our entire 520,000 net acres in the oil window are all equally competitive on a rate of return basis. The Eagle Ford is a key contributor to flexibility of our diverse portfolio of assets providing the company many options. We modeled several growth forecasts assuming no productivity improvements or cost reductions. If we chose to pursue more growth in Eagle Ford, our current inventory of well locations and large acreage position would support more than 10 years of development. No North American basin compares with the Eagle Ford for low transportation cost and access to Gulf Coast pricing. Currently, 85% of our oil production in this basin flows through EOG-owned gathering systems, and all of our oil from the Eagle Ford receives LLS prices, which averaged about a $4 premium to WTI during the first quarter. This basin continues to deliver consistently outstanding results. Furthermore, we are still reducing cost through internally designed, innovative technology advances. Therefore, we are convinced the Eagle Ford still has significant upside even as it enters its ninth year of development. In our Austin Chalk play, we continue to drill some of the most prolific and highest return wells in the company. The first quarter development program earned over 150% direct after-tax rate of return. The average 30-day production from the eight net wells brought online during the first quarter was 2,750 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The Austin Chalk target lies just above the Eagle Ford in our South Texas acreage and, as such, benefits from our operational efficiencies and knowledge of the area. Production from Austin Chalk wells also benefits from lower operating costs and Gulf Coast pricing due to our existing infrastructure. We're on track to complete 25 net wells in 2018. In the Delaware Basin, our results have been just as strong. In the Wolfcamp, the 58 wells brought to sales in the first quarter averaged 1,925 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the first 30 days, and delivered less than a $9 per barrel of oil equivalent direct finding and development cost. The nine wells brought online in the Bone Spring delivered solid results, producing an average of 1,645 barrels of oil equivalent per day in our first 30 days. And in the Leonard, we brought on three wells to sales. The average 30-day rates were well over 2,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day on 4,300-foot laterals. That production per foot rivals well performance typically seen from our Austin Chalk wells in South Texas. One of our constant studies across all basins is determining the most efficient number of wells to drill and complete together as a package. This work is essential to maximize the recovery and NPV of the whole asset, and is particularly important for a complex basin of stacked pay such as the Delaware Basin. Each play has an optimum number of wells that both captures operational efficiencies and minimizes parent-child productivity effects, without sacrificing net present value to either the long cycle times or large production facilities needed to handle high initial volumes. During the first quarter, we averaged four wells per package versus two last year. We expect to further increase the average to five by year end. Larger well packages necessitate a larger inventory of wells needed to stay ahead of our completion crews. So much of January was spent ramping up drilling activity and increasing inventory to prepare for our completions scheduled this year. We increased our rig fleet 20%, exiting the quarter operating 20 rigs in the basin. And we are realizing the increased efficiencies of larger well packages on both the drilling and completion side. Our Delaware Basin team has been diligently optimizing our completions operations and has achieved a 24% increase in stages per month per completion crew. And we're beginning to realize cost savings associated with increased use of both local sand and recycled produced water in our completions. The State Magellan 722H-28H wells located in the over-pressured Wolfcamp oil window of Loving County, Texas illustrate our achievements drilling well packages. This 500-foot spaced to 7-well package took approximately 65 days from initial spud to first sales. The average 30-day rates for these 4,700-foot stimulated laterals were 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We completed 157 total stages on this group of wells and pumped more than 80 million pounds of sand over the course of 14 days. Furthermore, 100% of the water used during the stimulations was sourced from reused produced water. The outstanding operations performance and well productivity delivered an average well payout of 5.5 months. Next up is Lance Terveen to discuss our takeaway positioning.
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you, Ezra. I'd like to bring everyone up to speed since our last call on EOG's pricing mix for our crude oil and natural gas sales in the Permian, infrastructure buildout and takeaway positioning. Our 2018 Delaware Basin oil and natural gas production will have minimal exposure to in-basin pricing. Only 25% of our in-basin crude production is exposed to Midland pricing. This translates to less than 10% exposure for EOG's total U.S. oil production. Furthermore, we supplemented physical capacity with additional price protection with Mid-Cush basis swaps. On the natural gas side, less than 20% of in-basin production is exposed to Waha Hub pricing, which translates to about 5% exposure when viewed on a total U.S. production basis. We are in similar shape for our Delaware Basin production next year. Only 20% of crude production is exposed to Midland pricing and about 20% of natural gas production is exposed to Waha, which is manageable risk when viewed on a total U.S. production basis. So we're in great shape, and historically we have always been able to consistently anticipate the infrastructure needed to support growth. Similar to our past experiences in the Barnett, Bakken, and Eagle Ford, an early-mover strategy in the Delaware Basin is paying off. We've successfully diversified our marketing options with physical firm takeaway to protect flow assurance and benefit from higher price realizations for both crude and natural gas sales. Please see slide 18 of our investor presentation for a history of our industry-leading oil price realizations. On our last earnings call, we referenced the new Conan Oil Gathering system and terminal. This system has been in the works since 2016 and was placed into service on schedule during the first quarter of this year. Between the gathering system and short-haul dedicated truck offloads, we anticipate $50 million-plus in savings per year. Our goal by year end is to have up to 80% of our production on the gathering system in our core areas, which will have the added benefit of freeing up trucking availability. In 2018, the oil terminal will have four market connections. A fifth connection to a newly announced long-haul pipeline that will service the Houston, Corpus Christi, and export markets is planned to be in service in late 2019. On gas takeaway, our early-mover strategy allowed us to lock up transportation capacity at well below today's market rates. Also, in lockstep with our residue gas transportation capacity, we secure sufficient plant processing, with each plant location strategically fitting with the footprint of our gas gathering system throughout our acreage position. At each of the centralized hubs along our gathering system, we have the option to deliver our gas to up to four different processing plants. This gives EOG the ability to source our gas to multiple plants that also feed our takeaway capacity away from the Permian Basin. We are confident our early-mover strategy will allow us to move forward with our development and growth plan in the Delaware Basin and realize attractive netbacks, bridging us to 2020 when adequate infrastructure will be in place to service the broader basin. Here's David Trice to review the progress we've made in the Rockies and Mid-Continent.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Lance. Well costs continue to drop for our Rockies plays. The efficiency gains we are making in both the Powder River Basin and DJ Basin are astounding, particularly considering they are in addition to the incredible progress made last year. In just one quarter, we have reached and beat well cost targets in some of our Rockies plays. Tremendous progress has been made in both drilling and completions to reduce days on location that translate directly to cost savings. Overall, drilling days are down 70% since the beginning of the downturn in 2014 for the DJ, Powder River Basin, and Williston Basin. This is a powerful testament to the great sustainable efficiency gains our teams have made during the last several years. Recently, normalized spud-to-TD drilling days in the Powder River Basin are down from 9 days on average in 2017 to about 7.5 days for the first quarter of 2018. During that time, completion efficiencies have more than kept pace with drilling. Stages per day and footage per day are up a whopping 50% in the first quarter versus the 2017 average. This includes a record day in the DJ Basin of 26 stages pumped on a four-well pad in a single 24-hour period. That record-breaking pad averaged 21 stages a day for the entire job. Our cost performance in the DJ Basin Codell has set the bar for the rest of the company. Some notable wells that we highlighted in last night's press release are the three-well Flatbow package that IP-ed at over 1,300 barrels of oil equivalent per day from 3,900 foot laterals, and averaged just $2.9 million per well. We also turned on a four-well 9,500-foot Big Sandy package that averaged over 1,300 barrels a day equivalent per well, with a well cost of $3.5 million per well. These seven low-cost Rockies wells are earning an average direct rate return of over 250%. Our cost structure in the Rockies and Bakken gives us a competitive advantage and creates significant upside potential to add to our premium inventory in the future. The Anadarko Basin Woodford oil window is the latest addition to our diverse portfolio of premium oil assets. We are increasing activity and building working inventory to support our 25 net well program this year. Our latest well to come online is the Terri 1621 #1H, which is a 2-mile lateral that delivered over 1,100 barrels of oil per day in its first 30 days. We currently have four rigs running in the Woodford. And as we move into development mode in the basin, we expect to have a number of new well results to share in the future. We will also be testing multiple spacing patterns in order to determine the optimal spacing to maximize NPV per development unit. We are optimistic the Woodford play has upside potential for inventory additions and certainly returns as we increase efficiencies and reduce cost. Plays like the Woodford enhance the diversity of our portfolio and provide us flexibility to consistently deliver high-return production growth. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. I have a few closing thoughts. Number one, our first quarter results have positioned EOG to have record-breaking direct rates of return on capital investments in 2018. We are going to remain disciplined and stay focused on improving returns going forward. Number two, we're on track to continue reducing both operating cost and well costs. Number three, with our diversified assets, forward-looking marketing arrangements, and advanced infrastructure planning, we are in excellent position to avoid any significant takeaway issues or negative product price differentials in the Permian or in any of our other active plays. Number four, with two decades of horizontal experience and technology advancements behind us, we are developing sweet-spot acreage positions with our latest precision targeting techniques and determining optimal spacing patterns to produce industry-leading well results and per acre net present value. And finally, EOG has never been in a better position to deliver long-term shareholder value. We have the largest and highest quality drilling inventory in the U.S., and it continues to grow much faster than we drill it. We are a low-cost leader today and we will continue to lower costs as we go forward. We are delivering record-setting returns on capital invested, improving corporate ROCE, along with strong production growth and substantial free cash flow. EOG is a high return organic growth company delivering sustainable long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question, we'll hear it from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Bill, no one's going to fault you for wanting to reduce your debt or increase your dividends over time, but I did want to ask you one question. As you execute your premium drilling strategy, your returns on capital employed are now moving into the double-digits, and I was wondering if you could talk about weighing a buyback above your cost of capital versus reducing debt what looks to be in the 6% to 7% range?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Arun, we're committed to doing what's right for the shareholders. Our senior management team and our board are significant EOG shareholders and we're aligned with investors. And we're constantly evaluating what's best to create long-term shareholder value. Currently, with the improving commodity prices, we believe investing in high returns and reducing our debt and strong sustainable dividend growth are the best ways to create long-term shareholder value. So at the moment, we're very confident in that plan and we believe that will be the best avenue to create shareholder value.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, great. And just reduction in debt, does that suggest maybe keeping some dry powder for as you execute your exploration drilling program or to look at potentially other opportunities like you did with the Yates package?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Arun, we don't plan any corporate M&As. That's just not one of our game plans. As you know, we're a very organic company. We've got a lot of confidence in our organic exploration effort, and corporate M&As or just something that would be really not in our game plan at this time.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks a lot. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And next we'll move to Bob Morris with Citi.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. A bit of a follow-up here, Billy, you've always said that you would spend 100% of your cash flow unless you saw some sharp degradation in efficiencies, and obviously $1.5 billion of excess cash flow is quite a significant amount. You starting out the year what you plan to average for the full year on the rig count, so what precludes you from stepping up activity or adding some rigs in some of these key areas given the sort of returns you're seeing here as we move through the year?
Lloyd W. Helms - EOG Resources, Inc.: Bob, this is Billy Helms. First of all, we remain committed to stay within our capital guidance. We're very much on track with our plan as we laid it out. Actually, our rate of capital spend is directly in line with what we laid out at the start of the year. And we've already talked about the benefits of moving to these larger packages of wells. And as a result, the front end of the year is more loaded towards capital spend with the production more weighted towards the back half of the year. So, at this moment, yeah, we're very pleased with where we are headed and we don't really anticipate increasing activity above where we currently are. We're still guiding towards that average rig count of 39 and staying within our capital guidance.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll hear from Irene Haas with Imperial Capital.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Yes, good morning. So I have a question for the Eagle Ford trend which you guys definitely was the first mover, and it's been going on nine years, I was wondering what is the organic growth rate for this trend in 2018. And also regarding the Austin Chalk, I want to understand what are the key gating factors that would lead you to fully develop this concept, and when would the Chalk be a meaningful contributor to your Eagle Ford trend growth.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Irene, this is Ezra Yacob. And I don't think we're going to spend any time today guiding to the direct growth on that asset right now. But what I will say about the Eagle Ford is the upside we see there just involves our continued progression of integrating the data that we've collected over the development cycle that we've had there. We continue to integrate both high-graded geologic mapping completions data back into of our geologic model, and it helps kind of drive our precision targeting as we develop even finer scale and high graded targets. And then also with respect to the Austin Chalk, we've gone a little bit slow making announcements on that because, geologically, it is a bit more complex than the Eagle Ford. I would say that it already is contributing in a pretty good way to not only our returns but also in 2017, both the Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk actually showed just a little bit of growth year-over-year. And so we're happy with our pace of development there in the Austin Chalk and when we have more information on that, we're a little more comfortable with it, we'll provide greater detail.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. May I ask one more question? So are you generating organic growth out of the Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk trend in 2018?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Irene, without getting into specific details, we do plan to grow that asset this year.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: We'll be doing that at a pace...
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Sorry?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: I was just going to finish up and say, we'll be doing that at a pace commensurate with where we can go ahead and continue to integrate our learnings, and do that really with a focus on returns first.
Irene Haas - Imperial Capital LLC: Understood, thank you so much.
Operator: And next we move on to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I wanted to start on the well cost front. How can we define the more secular versus timing impact of your ability to use your scale to gain preferred services pricing exposure? Specifically, if you're not seeing the inflation in cost in 2018 because you locked in services cost early, what level of inflation would we see in 2019 when you need to recontract, or is there a quantifiable secular advantage?
Lloyd W. Helms - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Brian. This is Billy Helms. What we can give you is – it's a little bit early to talk about guiding for 2019. So let me give you a little bit of color on where we are for 2018. First of all, as you're aware, we locked in about 60% of our well cost with the services we have locked in so far, with drilling really preferred providers on the drilling side and the completion side. And we self-sourced quite a bit of that too, about 25% of well cost is self-sourced. So the progress we're making and I guess the confidence we would have in lowering our well cost in 2018 – we talked a little bit about how we're lowering cost in each one of the plays, I think for Permian, we added quite a few rigs and so we're starting to see the operational performance on those rigs get to the metrics that we like to see in our rig fleet. Completions are already down about 2.3% for the first part of the year. On the Eagle Ford, of our drilling cost is already down about 5% and the completions are expected to follow. And then we've made tremendous progress in the Rockies, both on the drilling and completion side, in lowering our well cost anywhere between 4% and 5%. So I think overall, we're very pleased with where we're headed. And we have a long history – just speaking of 2019 again, we have a long history, each year as we go into the year, we anticipate what the trends are going to be and we get ahead of them and try to work with our preferred providers to lock up some services for the coming year. And I expect 2019 will be done the same way. It's a little bit early to really guide on where we'll be, but we're very confident that we'll be able to maintain our cost advantages as we go into the next year.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. And my follow-up goes back to the earlier discussion on the Eagle Ford, and I'm going to be trying to tie Bob and Irene's questions together. What would you need to see either in capital availability, rate of return or confidence in that precision targeting to allocate more capital to Eagle Ford? And do you need to exhaust your financial goals of reducing debt by $3 billion and delivering on that above 19% dividend growth before you would do that?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Brian, this is Ezra again. Like I reiterated, I think we're happy with our plan and we're happy with where we're at, kind of executing on it and we're on track with it. As far as adding additional capital or redirecting capital to the Eagle Ford, I think – without guiding into future years, we have definitely run through a number of different forecast growth models, like I talked about in the opening statements, where if we choose to actually grow more aggressively there, we can certainly do that and we have the inventory and acreage position to do that for over 10 years at high returns. But as far as doing it within the year, I think it's safe to say that we're pretty happy with where we're at with our balanced approach across multiple basins to achieve our CapEx and volume growth goals for this year.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move on to Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, thanks and good morning, everybody.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Bill, I wonder if I could go back to dividend policy, capital discipline, share buyback discussion or – not so much of last part. But I'm just – looking at the dividend policy going forward, what do you see is the competitive metrics, what's kind of the end game you're trying to get to there? And I just want to be clear on the $50 to $60 range you gave, I guess, a year or so ago, is $60 as a budget a kind of hard stop, so you should think of anything beyond that as going towards the balance sheet? And if that's the case, what happens longer term as it relates to incremental, let's call it, windfall cash flows?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Doug, I don't think we have some hurdle rate on the oil price. We've really reset the company to be very successful even in moderate prices going forward. And so the company is in a fantastic position now to make, I think, a strong statement to say that we're in a position to more aggressively grow our dividend than we ever have in the past. And we believe that our dividend is sustainable through the commodity cycles. And so the company is just in a fantastic position to both systematically reduce our debt and to grow our dividend very aggressively and sustainably in most commodity price situations.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No question on the reset, I appreciate you tolerating another question on that issue. My follow-up is really on inventory. And I'm not challenging the discipline of the $40 hurdle for premium locations, but obviously some of the market may have a different view as to what the sustainable oil price is. And the question is really about inventory relative to your growth pace. If we had to run at $45 or a $50 number as the threshold for premium inventory, how would it change over the disclosure you've given so far? Does it go up 10% or does it double? And I'll leave it there, thanks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: So I think first of all, we don't have any plans on changing our criteria. We're going to stick with $40 oil and $2.50 flat. That needs to be really clear going forward. That is a fundamental thing with EOG. If you looked at our entire inventory, which is quite substantial, I would say pretty much all of it would be 30% or better rate of return at $50. So it's a very high-quality total inventory. The inventory that we have in the company that's non-premium at $40 would be, I would say, equal to or better than the average inventory of the whole industry. So it's a very high-quality inventory set. And we have a lot of confidence that we'll continue to make improvements on the non-premium inventory and bring it to a level to where it will classify as premium at $40 oil. So we've got, again, a very sustainable cost reduction. It's not just a one-year thing. It's a very consistent cultural attribute of the company. And then we have a tremendous ability to continue to improve well productivity at the same time. So our goal is to convert a lot of that non-premium inventory into premium inventory as we go forward.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Bill, very clear.
Operator: And we'll move on to Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, good morning. Could I ask another question on your increasing the dividend rate versus the long-term rate? Is there a particular yield that when you guys step back would like to be at? It looks like you guys are running somewhere sub-1% right now, and some of the large peers are in that 1.5% range. Is there a target rate you'd like to see EOG at?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: No, Scott. We don't have a specific target other than just to say that on a percent increase on a yearly basis, we want to be above our historical average of 19% CAGR. So that's where we want to guide as we go forward. And we certainly, as I said before, we've got the ability to do that at relatively moderate oil prices and sustain that going forward.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, I appreciate that. And a little bit more on – it seems like you're definitely more front-end CapEx weighted, as you said, and in the back half ceasing that production. Can you talk about the cycle times that some of these larger Permian pads have? It looks like you averaged about four in the first quarter moving to five, but can you discuss maybe what those cycle times look like as you move from two to four to five?
Lloyd W. Helms - EOG Resources, Inc.: Scott, this is Billy Helms. The cycle times, of course, vary by play. So in the Eagle Ford, it's a much shorter cycle time than, say, the Delaware Basin, just strictly because drilling times are much longer. And it also depends on the size of the pads. So certainly a 10-well pad might be a lot longer to cycle time than a 6-well package. And then it also depends on how many rigs and frac fleets we put on each package. So it's hard to give you, directionally, a certain number other than to say it takes several months to start drilling a pad – or a package of wells and bring that whole package to production. And as a result, it results in some lumpy nature of both capital spend and production. And that's why you see the production growth vary by quarter. And it's also why as we entered the year, we obviously had to build some inventory to be able to execute this plan, so the capital guidance is more weighted towards the front of the year than the second part of the year. And that's just the lumpy nature of this development.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Is that smoothed out in 2019 as you catch up with that inventory?
Lloyd W. Helms - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, I think you'll still see a lumpiness to the overall production growth. But you won't see, I'd say, the delay we exhibited in the first quarter on a go-forward basis. You'll see it more just growth quarter-over-quarter as we move through the future.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: And next we'll move to Leo Marinari (sic) [Mariani] with NatAlliance Securities.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I was hoping you could address the Austin Chalk a little bit more. I know that you said that you're not trying to make extensive comments. I'm just trying to get a sense of the inventory there. It sounds like this is one of the best returning plays you guys have. Just curious, is this a couple years inventory, or is there a similar 10 years like the Eagle Ford?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Leo, this is Ezra Yacob again. It's just really still pretty early in in the Austin Chalk. We are still doing a lot of testing on our well spacing, trying to determine the optimal spacing, how many precision targets we have in there. We've talked about in the past that it is different than the historical Austin Chalk play. It is a matrix – contributing kind of a matrix drive play. And so it's not quite as straightforward to use a lot of those historical learnings. The way we're developing it is different and it's unique. I'd say the initial productions look good. I know it seems like we put a lot of wells on but we'd like to be confident before we really come out with any detailed numbers on that. And like I said, when we have a little more detail on that, we'll certainly talk about it.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess I just wanted to follow up on the Eagle Ford. You guys talked about some of the differing production rates you saw in the first quarter on the eastern wells versus the western wells, but then cited that returns are pretty similar. Just curious, does that kind of imply that maybe your well cost in West are lower than the East, what can you say sort of say about that?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Leo, it's Ezra again. I think you hit the nail on the head there. The cost per foot – I tried to highlight in those opening remarks the contiguous nature of the western Eagle Ford acreage and a little bit less faulting out there, allows us the opportunity to drill longer wells and larger packages. It's a little bit less pressured and less shallow too. So in general, the costs are a little bit cheaper there. In the eastern Eagle Ford side of our acreage position though, we usually have wells with a little bit more robust rates, a little bit bigger wells, but it is a little bit more challenging drilling over there. It's a little bit deeper, a little bit extra pressure. And then in general, the well lengths tend to be just a little bit shorter due to both the layout of specific leases over there, but then also there's an increase in the faulting off to that eastern side.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess just quick question on your dividend here. You talked about increases in the future. Should we expect to see a increase here in 2018? Are you more talking about evaluate that for 2019 and beyond?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Leo, we don't have any specifics on timing. Our board evaluates the business environment every quarter concerning the dividend. And I think what we're saying is we believe EOG is in the best shape we've ever been for sustainable, more aggressive dividend growth. So our board is eager to return cash to shareholders with a strong dividend growth.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we'll move to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning, Bill, to you and your whole team there. You've covered this a little bit already in your comments in the Q&A, but I just want to go back to the comments you made in your opening when you said you had no interest in corporate M&A. And that's certainly been the pattern for you guys, with the one prominent exception of the Yates deal. And that was really a brilliant deal for you guys but I'm trying to understand a little bit more, is the Yates deal the exception that's not likely to come along again or should we be interpreting that you see the market or the opportunities differently from the way you did at that time?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: I think, Charles, what we are saying is that we've got extreme confidence in our ability to organically add new high potential at very low cost through our exploration efforts. In general, I think this year, we have a very robust exploration effort ongoing. And we've acquired a significant amount of low cost acreage in multiple plays, and we're testing numerous new plays with exploration or step up drilling this year. And so our organic machine is really in high gear and we have a lot of confidence in it. And we believe we can acquire significant, hopefully, even better drilling potential than we currently have through that process at very low cost.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful, Bill. That's all for me. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll move on to David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my question. We appreciated the details that you put on slide 21 around your diversified marketing options. Can you talk more specifically about firm sales, firm transportation, financial hedges and then balance of avoiding those long-term contracts that I know EOG doesn't want?
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: David, this is Lance Terveen, and thanks for your question. Let me start and answer your last question there, when you talk about commitments. I'll tell you all of us in this room, we've seen the Barnett, the Haynesville, the Uinta. And so when we think about long-term commitments, it's really twofold. It's we want to have near-term flow assurance; and two, we just want to be very disciplined about any kind of long-term commitments. And what we think that does when we can kind of have that first mover and we can identify it, where we need to identify transportation and access to get to markets, at that point, we really make good business decisions, because a lot of folks are going to be waiting for new pipelines that are going to be starting out in late 2019 and probably into 2020. And what happens when there's a lot of hype and especially very active area like the Permian, with 453 rigs running, it's just – it's not a panic that comes in but people are looking for capacity. So we want to get out in front of that like we've done and like what we've shown. So for us on the commitments, it's really – it's just being very disciplined, have a balanced approach, get in front of it. And the second thing with that, it allows you to have more discretionary volumes and it allows you to look at other projects, and other things that can come available at even lower rates. So getting in front of that and having some of that near-term assurances really sets us up in the future to lock in other markets or also look at lower transportation costs.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Any specific kind of split
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Go ahead, David.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Any specifics of splits as far as you think about that flow assurance of marketing agreements, either firm sales, firm transportation? Because you might have done these contracts or terms two years ago, three years ago, I'm just trying to get an idea of how you think about splitting marketing agreements, pipeline agreements, hedges, just in that kind of forward-looking process (55:07).
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Sure, sure. Again, it goes back to our experiences and what we've seen in other basins and as we've looked at making commitments and transportation commitments. So again, when we look at that and we look at the forward forecast and where we think each of the basins might be growing, especially like a new emerging basin. So typically, we want to lock up anywhere from maybe 70% to 80% of that near term and leave kind of more available in the outer years. So really with the crystal ball, when we're looking at making the commitments, we try to protect more of a, call it, the first three years. And then if we need to make medium-term commitments, then those commitment volumes are a little smaller in the outer years. So that's strategically how we think about the commitments, David.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah, so cut a three-year and roll. Okay, that's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll move on to Jeffery Campell with Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. I just wanted to ask for a little bit color on the Woodford oil. I noticed that you've added a rig and you drilled quite a long lateral there, which is usually a sign that you're more into development than into delineation. And it seems like this play has really accelerated in a reasonably short amount of time. So I just wanted to just check in on that.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Jeff, this is David Trice. On the Woodford, yes, we have picked up additional rigs there. We are running four rigs currently there. And what we're doing this year is, one, we're securing operatorship on all these units, and then also we're doing several spacing tests there. So what we want to really focus on in the Woodford this year is we want to – like in our other plays, we want to really confirm the correct spacing so that we can be sure to maximize the NPV per section there.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: And if I could just follow up on what you just said, what's your – if you look at your position as a whole, what percentage of it can you operate now and what are you trying to get to?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Really most of the 50,000 acres net that we show we would be able to operate that. We have quite a few trades going on where we may not have a majority interest. And so we think at the end of the day, we'll be able to operate the entire position.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And next we'll move to Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question. I'll follow up a bit on the Austin Chalk. If I divide the Austin Chalk into the Karnes Trough into Louisiana and into everything else, where's your sense of how mature your understanding of those plays are right now? And where is the upside on each of those?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Bob, this is Ezra Yacob. Let me start with the Karnes Trough area down in the South Texas trend. Now like I said, we brought to sale last year a number of wells and we're very happy with the initial rates on there. And again, it's a new concept on the play that we have been working over the last couple of years where we're basically applying our precision targeting, our petro-physical model in combination with our seismic attributes to upscale and model these precision targets that actually have matrix contribution. And then we're applying some of our high density frac designs, things that we've developed in these different basins -or different unconventional plays, basically to the Austin Chalk. And so we're really happy with it. I would say where the upside resides down in South Texas is continuing to delineate targets, high grading those targets and again, kind of the continued evolution of our frac designs. It is the Chalk, so it does – each of these plays that we're in, whether it's a carbonate, siltstones, mudrocks, as you know, little tweaks on your completion design can make a big difference. And so the biggest upside I see with the Austin Chalk is just that, advances – continued evolution and advances on our completions, delineating additional targets. And then in Louisiana, it's very early on that prospect. I think everyone knows that we've drilled a very successful Eagles Ranch well out there. We're very pleased with the initial results on there and we'll provide further details on that on future calls.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And elsewhere, is the Austin Chalk trend, should we think of it working along the entire trend or do you need sort of local structures to help you out?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: This is Ezra again, Bob. Yeah, the way I'd follow up with that is I'd say there are definitely going to be sweet spots. That's obviously a widespread play from Mexico all the way up around Gulf Coast there. Just like any big regional unconventional play, there are going to be sweet spots in different parts of that area. There are different attributes geologically and geophysically, including structure is one of them, that we're looking at to high grade those areas. But any additional color than that, I'm not sure if we want to provide today.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Appreciate it.
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bill Thomas for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: In closing, I want to say thank you to every EOG employee for all of your great work. Our execution in the first quarter was outstanding. We are well on our way to the delivering the best investment returns in company history. EOG is never been in a better shape to deliver sustainable, long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening and thank you for your support.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc. William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc. Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc. David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc. D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc. David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Sameer Panjwani - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risk associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves, not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; David Trice, EVP-Exploration & Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP-Exploration & Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP-Marketing; David Streit, VP-Investor & Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included guidance for the first quarter and full year 2018 in yesterday's press release. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review 2017 highlights; Billy Helms, Ezra Yacob, and David Trice will preview our 2018 capital plan, review operational results, and year-end reserve replacement data. Then I will discuss the new tax law, EOG's financials and capital structure; and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. EOG is driven by returns. Our goal is to earn return on capital employed that is not only the best among our peers in the E&P industry, but also competitive with the best companies outside our industry. Premium returns and capital discipline are how we reach that goal. Furthermore, by executing our premium capital allocation standard and practicing capital discipline, we believe we can sustain competitive ROCE throughout the commodity price cycle. Earning sustainable ROCE is how we deliver long-term shareholder value. First, I'd like to discuss our premium capital allocation standard. As a reminder, for a well to be classified as premium requires a 30% direct after-tax rate of return and a flat $40 oil price. Premium wells have low finding and development cost per Boe and the premium reserves we've been adding are beginning to make a significant difference in our bottom line results. In addition, the full benefit of our current inventory of premium location has not been fully realized. As we continue to drill premium wells and add low costs reserves, our DD&A rate will continue to fall. We also believe we will continue to reduce completed well costs and operating costs in 2018, which Billy Helms will update you on shortly. As a result, we are in a position to generate healthy financial returns even in a moderate oil price environment. When you couple this with increasing oil prices, like those we are seeing today, the potential for generating higher ROCE accelerates. Second, EOG's capital discipline governs our growth. Disciplined growth means not adding overpriced or poor performing services and equipment in order to grow. Disciplined growth means not growing so fast that we outrun the technical learning curve and leave significant reserve value in the ground. Disciplined growth means operating at a pace that allows EOG to sustainably lower costs and improve well productivity, instead of growing so fast that costs go up and well productivity goes down. EOG's disciplined growth is driven and incentivized by returns and not growth for growth's sake. Our strong growth is an expression of generating strong returns first. And finally, EOG's disciplined growth maintains a strong balance sheet. We will not issue new equity or debt to fund capital expenditures or the dividend. In 2017, we grew high return U.S. oil production 20%, paid the dividend, reduced our debt, and generated over $200 million in free cash flow. Remarkably, we delivered those results, while oil prices averaged a modest $50. Throughout the downturn, our goal was to reset the company to be successful in a lower oil price environment. We shifted to premium drilling in 2016 and the power of our premium drilling is now evident in our 2017 bottom line results. We believe this sets EOG apart as one of the most capital efficient and disciplined growth companies in the U.S. Here are more highlights from 2017. Our premium well level returns are reflected in our bottom line results. We significantly improved net income, cash flow, and ROCE. Our commitment to exploration-driven organic growth drove increases to premium net resource potential of 2.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent from an additional 2,000 net premium drilling locations, which is nearly 4 times the number of wells completed in 2017. We increased proved reserves 18%, replacing more than 200% of last year's production at low finding and development cost, which lowered our company DD&A rate by 12%. Due to sustainable cost initiatives, we continued to lower total well costs and operating costs. And additionally, as a result of the board's confidence in EOG's future performance and exploration prospects, we approved a 10% dividend increase. 2017 was just the start of realizing the full benefit of premium drilling. In 2018, we'll improve in every category we use to measure performance internally. Capital efficiency is up. All-in rate of return and PVI are better, and all-in finding costs are lower this year than last year. In 2018, we expect to earn double-digit ROCE, deliver strong disciplined organic production growth, and substantial free cash flow. EOG is a high return organic growth company. We have expanded our industry lead in both returns and growth, and we are excited about the future. Up next to provide details on our operational performance in 2017 and preview the 2018 game plan is Billy Helms.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Bill. The progress we've made on our capital cost structure, operational cost structure, and overall capital efficiency these last three years during the downturn has been phenomenal. EOG has never been more efficient in its history. Surviving a downturn is always challenging, but it also creates many opportunities for improvement. Like many in the industry, we realize the benefits of lower service cost. But the bigger opportunity was to lower our cost structure through operational efficiencies. It never fails when EOG enters a downturn, we resurface on the other side as a more efficient, leaner and better company. It's the one reason to get excited about a down cycle. We slow down and take a critical look at how we can improve every aspect of our business. In 2018, we expect to deliver 18% oil growth, 16% total equivalent growth, with a $5.6 billion capital program. Our 2018 capital plan includes tests of several new plays and an expansion of our more recently announced emerging plays. We've increased activity in each area at a deliberate pace designed to maintain our capital efficiency achieved in recent years. We will not increase activity if it means eroding our operational performance or increasing our well cost. In 2017, we set our sights on drilling longer laterals and larger well packages. Determining the most efficient number of wells to drill and complete together is essential to maximizing the recovery and net present value of the whole asset. Those efforts will expand in 2018. Our average lateral will be 8% longer this year, and we expect the average size of our well packages to more than double. Larger well packages and increased use of multi-well pads increase the inventory of wells needed to stay ahead of our completion crews. Therefore, activity and inventory will build, particularly in the first quarter, and there will be fewer wells brought online in the first half of the year compared to the second half. More specifically, only 27 net wells were brought online in January, so first quarter volumes were down sequentially. However, the pace of volume growth will be fairly balanced for the remaining three quarters. During 2017, we opportunistically contracted with the most efficient service providers and secured a large portion of our 2018 services during favorable market conditions. This was a rate of return decision to lock in low cost as we move into a year where we expect to see increased industry activity and potential price inflation. We secured 85% of our drilling rigs at very favorable rates compared to the current market, and under these agreements, we maintain flexibility with our favored vendors to adjust, should market conditions dictate. We've locked in 80% of our casing needs with prices 15% to 20% below the current market. We also locked in 60% of our frac fleets below current market prices, and we have more diverse and local sources of frac sand, and sand unit costs are expected to decrease by 15% year-over-year. Beyond contracted service costs, we're confident we can further improve operational efficiencies in a number of areas. During the downturn, we took the opportunity to upgrade our rig fleet to one of the most modern and efficient in the industry. On the completion side, we expect to complete 5% to 10% more wells per frac fleet this year, despite longer laterals. We also continue to expand our water infrastructure and reuse program, which is expected to reduce well cost in some areas by another $100,000 per well. Through these and other efforts, we are building on our momentum from last year when we reduced well costs 7% across active areas. This year, we expect to reduce completed well costs an additional 5% across the board. This is unique in the industry, as I expect that we are one of the few companies that will have decreased well cost in both 2017 and 2018. We also expect to see downward pressure on our unit operating cost, reducing LOE, transportation, and DD&A driven by infrastructure, information technology, and a relentless focus on operating efficiency. 2018 will be another great year for improvements to EOG's capital efficiency, maintaining our position as the low-cost, high-return leader in the E&P industry. I'll now turn the call over to Ezra, who will update you on the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. The Eagle Ford continues to be the workhorse and centerpiece of EOG's oil production portfolio of assets. Consistent well performance combined with sustained low well costs and operational costs contributed to the Eagle Ford achieving the best overall returns in the company in 2017. Well costs in the Eagle Ford continue to decrease, averaging just $4.5 million per 5,300-foot lateral. Lower cost wells, longer laterals, and precision targeting are driving increased well productivity and led to the addition of 500 net premium locations, more than two times the number completed in 2017. We expect to make additional operational improvements in 2018 and plan to complete 260 net wells, targeting record well costs of $4.3 million per well. We continue to increase the size of our well packages and extend lateral lengths while being careful to maintain per-foot recovery. The goal of these measured improvements is to maximize the NPV per section of this consistently prolific asset. Our 582,000 net acre position is now 99% held by production. Exploration work will continue in 2018 to delineate areas that can support multiple targets in the Lower Eagle Ford and delineate where the Upper Eagle Ford can produce premium rates of return. The Eagle Ford continues to be a growth asset for the company that we expect will contribute premium return production and reserve additions. On our Eagle Ford acreage, we also drilled some of the most prolific and high-return wells in our history in the Austin Chalk. The average 30-day production from the 28 net wells completed in 2017 was well over 3,200 barrels of oil equivalents per day. Furthermore, well costs averaged $4.9 million for laterals ranging from 4,000 to 6,000 feet. We expect to complete another 25 net wells in 2018. Last year, we identified a sweet spot in Karnes County through an integrated exploration effort. Precision targets within the Austin Chalk respond extremely well to EOG's high density completions. We continue to combine our geologic database created through our Eagle Ford development with recent core data from the Austin Chalk to delineate additional sweet spots across our Eagle Ford acreage. The Austin Chalk is geologically and stratigraphically complex, so our continued exploration effort will take time. The Delaware Basin is setting up to be our fastest growing asset for a second year in a row after almost doubling crude oil production last year. We made tremendous progress during 2017. We continued mapping the geologic complexities of this mile-thick column of pay. We tested multiple spacing patterns to determine how best to develop stacked pay that maximizes recovery and NPV per section, and we delivered record-breaking well results and phenomenal returns for the company. Furthermore, we added 700 net premium locations within our existing targets, the Wolfcamp, Second Bone Spring and Leonard, through well productivity gains and cost reductions. We introduced a fourth premium target, the First Bone Spring, adding 540 net premium locations for a combined total of more than 1,200 net locations, a 35% increase year over year. We lowered completed well costs in the Wolfcamp 9%. We increased lateral lengths about 20%, lowering cost per foot and, more importantly, without losing per foot reserves. In 2017, we drilled and completed 24 net wells associated with our merger and acquisition with Yates Petroleum at the end of 2016. As previously highlighted, much of this acreage was hand in glove fit with EOG's legacy acreage position, and this resulted in the opportunity to drill extended laterals and the ability to utilize much of our existing infrastructure in our core area. The wells tested multiple targets, and approximately 50% of the wells were drilled outside of our core acreage position. The results exceeded our initial expectations. Overall, this 24-well program delivered a 97% direct after-tax rate of return. Most of our drilling in the Delaware Basin targeted the Upper Wolfcamp, which will continue to be the case in 2018. The Wolfcamp earns some of the best rates of return in the company and has the added benefit of giving us a look at shallower Bone Spring and Leonard targets. We also expect to lower Wolfcamp costs, and we'll continue to increase operational efficiency through longer laterals and larger packages of wells. In 2018, we plan to complete 205 net wells in the Wolfcamp, 10 in the First and Second Bone Spring and 15 in the Leonard. Our drilling program in the Delaware Basin totals 230 net wells. While we brought online an average of two wells per package last year, we expect to average about five wells per package in 2018. We'll also continue to test both well spacing and well timing to maximize recovery and NPV. Lastly, our team has done an exceptional job positioning our Delaware Basin asset for key takeaway capacity away from the Permian Basin at low cost. Our existing gas and water gathering systems controlled by EOG drive low LOE and transportation costs. Also, a new oil gathering system and terminal will begin service for EOG this quarter. From the new terminal, EOG will ultimately have up to four market connections to downstream markets, where we secured firm capacity to Cushing and Corpus. Furthermore, our team has been very active on the residue gas front. We've secured significant transportation away from the Permian Basin and Waha Hub. We started this process in 2015 and have tactically layered in firm capacity over time to match up with our drilling program. This capacity provides diversified marketing options and potential pricing advantages over those waiting on new built pipelines. This asset is one of, if not the best, tight oil play in North America, and we are excited about its tremendous growth potential. Here's David Trice to review the progress we've made in the Mid-Continent and our Rockies, Bakken, and international activity.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Ezra. Last quarter we introduced a new premium oil play in the Eastern Anadarko Basin, the Woodford oil window. This play is a concentrated sweet spot of moderately over-pressured high quality rock located primarily in McClain County, Oklahoma. The well we highlighted when introducing the Woodford, the Curry 21, is a fascinating well that continues to demonstrate a very low decline rate, particularly considering that it is a shale reservoir. The average 150-day rate for the Curry is over 1,100 barrels of oil per day, which is a low decline compared to its initial 30-day rate of about 1,500 barrels of oil per day. The Curry well is solidly in the oil window as opposed to many SCOOP/STACK wells that are in the gas condensate window. It produces a 43 degree API oil with a gas/oil ratio of approximately 1,000. This premium well is earning over 100% direct after-tax rate of return at today's strip. Currently we have one rig working in the Woodford oil window and plan to add another rig later this quarter. We expect to complete 25 net wells in 2018 and have planned a number of spacing tests. Our current inventory of 260 net locations assumes an average of 660 feet between wells. We expect to test spacing down to 330 feet. The addition of the Woodford play demonstrates EOG's ability to consistently add premium quality rock and inventory. Plays like the Woodford enhance the diversity of our portfolio and provide the flexibility to consistently grow production, while maintaining capital efficiency for years to come. The Powder River Basin has become a core asset for EOG. We amassed 400,000 net acres following the merger with Yates in late 2016, and we are consistently drilling low-cost, moderate-decline wells that compete with the best in the company. Last year we stepped up activity, completing 39 net wells, 9 more than our initial plan. Completed well costs for an 8,000-foot lateral dropped 10%, helping drive returns in the Powder River Basin that are highly competitive with returns from our largest premium asset, the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin. In 2018, we expect to complete 45 net wells, targeting well costs of $4.5 million. Our focus will be blocking up acreage, testing spacing, and mapping the Powder River Basin's mile-deep column of pay to delineate acreage that is prospective for various targets. We continue to see significant premium inventory potential in the Powder River Basin. We're also stepping up activity in the Wyoming DJ Basin, doubling our activity to 35 net wells in 2018. DJ Basin well results are less flashy than our other basins; however, they produce consistent low-decline results and are the fastest to drill and the lower cost wells in the company. We routinely drill 18,000-foot wells in three to four days, while remaining in a tight target window. We averaged $4.5 million for 9,000-foot laterals in 2017, and this year we expect to average just $4 million. Additionally, robust water and gas gathering infrastructure is driving down operating cost. In the Bakken, last year's activity was focused on drawing down our inventory of legacy drilled but uncompleted wells, which didn't have the benefit of our latest precision targeting techniques. Once we completed our inventory of DUCs, we completed a few fantastic wells in both the Bakken and the Three Forks targets. In 2017, the top well of a package of four new wells of the Antelope Extension produced almost 3,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first 30 days. After 120 days, production was holding up averaging over 2,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now that our pre-2016 DUC inventory is depleted, we are excited to get a fresh start for our 2018 drilling program and take advantage of the significant progress made on our Bakken cost structure. In the past two years, we've cut completed well cost by more than a third to $4.6 million for a long 8,400-foot lateral. Furthermore, we expect to continue lowering costs through a recently implemented seasonal drilling and completion program. Wells are drilled year-round, then completed mostly during the summer. This program will eliminate the additional expense incurred by handling water during the freezing winter months and dealing with road restrictions during breakup. This is a great example of how EOG can continue to increase capital efficiency. Our deep premium inventory in multiple basins provides flexibility to adjust to changing operational conditions in any given basin. In 2018, we'll focus our 20 net well program in the Bakken Core and Antelope Extension. We'll also drill a number of step-out wells in the Bakken Lite and other areas to continue testing and refining our latest precision targeting and advanced completions outside our core operating areas. Our lower cost structure in the Bakken generates highly competitive premium returns and we are optimistic it will drive additional sources of premium inventory over time. We had an eventful year in Trinidad division during 2017. We brought on seven net natural gas wells across our Sercan, Banyan, and Osprey areas. The outperformance of these new wells allowed our Trinidad division to produce 15 million cubic feet of gas per day, more than initially forecasted in 2017. We also finalized a new gas contract with the National Gas Company of Trinidad and Tobago beginning in 2019, that supports and extends our 25-year partnership. Looking ahead, 2018 is going to be an exploration year in Trinidad. Our exploration efforts are focused on leveraging new seismic data to identify prospects to drill in 2019 and beyond in order to maintain natural gas production and supply the domestic Trinidad gas market for many years to come. Here's Billy to review our year-end reserve replacement and finding costs.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. We replaced more than 200% of our 2017 production at a very low finding cost of $8.71 per Boe, which excludes positive revisions due to commodity price improvements. The proved developed finding cost, excluding leasehold capital and revisions due to price, was $10.73 per Boe. Improving well productivity and sustainable cost reductions drove positive reserve revisions. As a result, our proved reserves increased 380 million barrels of oil equivalent, or 18% year-over-year. Our ability to consistently add reserves at low cost demonstrates the tremendous capital efficiency gains we made through the downturn from our permanent shift to premium drilling and laser focus on cost reductions. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss the new tax law, financials, and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. The tax law enacted near the end of 2017 had a number of effects on EOG's results of operations, cash flows, and consolidated financial statements. I will discuss a few of the more significant items. You can find details on these and other items related to the new tax law in Note 6 of EOG's annual report on Form 10-K, which we filed yesterday with the SEC. EOG recorded a noncash reduction in the fourth quarter and full year 2017 income tax provision of $2.2 billion related to the re-measurement of its net deferred tax liability for the lower statutory tax rate under new law. The reduction in income tax expense caused an increase in net income and shareholders' equity by a like amount. In addition, the tax law repeals the corporate alternative minimum tax and allows AMT credit carryovers to be refunded over four years beginning in 2018. EOG estimates that its AMT credits being carried over to 2018 will total $798 million. The tax law provides for a tax on deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings for the year ended December 31, 2017. EOG estimates it has a deemed repatriation tax liability of $179 million which can be paid over eight years. The tax law also makes fundamental changes to the taxation of multinational companies, including a shift to a so-called territorial system. Under this new regime, EOG does not expect to pay any significant amount of U.S. federal income taxes on its foreign operating earnings beginning in 2018. Finally, the tax law preserves the immediate deductibility of intangible drilling costs as well as expands and extends bonus depreciation. All of these amounts are estimates which EOG believes to be reasonable, but could change based on further analysis, new IRS guidance, and other factors. A strong balance sheet is an important part of EOG's strategy. This is appropriate in a capital-intensive cyclical industry. This financial strength enables us to maintain a low-cost structure and strategic relationship with our service providers by funding a steady CapEx program; make commitments for low-cost services and supplies at opportunistic times, often when oil and gas prices are depressed; and similarly, make opportunistic acquisitions of acreage or other assets. We are very pleased that EOG weathered the industry downturn without an equity offering or cutting the dividend. Financial leverage as measured by net debt-to-total-capitalization has declined from 34% at its peak in June 2016 to 25% at year-end 2017. We estimate that with $60 oil in 2018, EOG can generate over $1.5 billion of free cash flow after paying the dividend. We intend to repay with cash on hand $350 million bond that matures in October of this year. In addition, the board increased the dividend by 10% this week, affirming our commitment to the dividend. Beyond that, we intend to further strengthen the balance sheet this year. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. In closing, I will leave you with a few important takeaways. First, the size and quality of our horizontal assets are unmatched in the industry. In 2018, we have active drilling programs across nine high-quality premium plays. EOG has the unique flexibility to allocate capital to maximize returns by adjusting to changing market conditions and managing each asset's development pace with technical and cost reduction discipline. Second, in 2018, we have a robust exploration program underway in multiple basins, with more capital allocated to this process than in recent years. Our long history of horizontal drilling and vast proprietary database combined with an innovative EOG culture are working together to make EOG the leader in organic generation of new and better premium drilling inventory. Third, EOG is a leader in capital discipline with a relentless focus on returns. We are committed to delivering industry-leading high-return organic oil growth, committed to our dividend, and committed to reducing debt, while generating significant free cash flow in 2018. And finally, the power of premium has placed us among the low-cost producers in the global oil market. Our potential for financial returns, operational performance, and overall capital efficiency is much better today than before the downturn. In 2018, we are poised for strong, disciplined growth. More importantly, we are positioned to reach our goal of returning to double-digit ROCE performance, which is competitive not only with our peers in the E&P industry, but also with the broader market. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. Questions are limited to one question and one follow-up question. We will take as many questions as time permits. We'll pause for just a moment to give everyone an opportunity to signal for questions. And we'll take our first question from Leo Mariani with NatAlliance.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Hey, guys. Just a quick question here on the Eagle Ford. So just noticing that your oil volumes in the Eagle Ford didn't really grow in 2017; I think they were down a little bit versus the prior year. You guys kind of signaled this was a growth asset in your prepared comments. I think you're drilling more wells this year. Is there anything else that's sort of changing there maybe technically other than just kind of drilling more wells this year? And is this expected to kind of be a growth asset for many years to come? Can you just comment on that?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Leo, this is Billy Helms. Yeah, the San Antonio division, our Eagle Ford division really operates both the Eagle Ford and the Austin Chalk. And if you look at the two combined, well volumes were up slightly for both Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk. The Eagle Ford position, as you mentioned, it is a growth asset for the company and we expect that to grow into 2018. But last year the mix of the wells was balanced between the Eagle Ford and the Austin Chalk, and together they did grow.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay. And just following-up on your comments around free cash flow here. So clearly, you guys plan on putting out some pretty significant free cash flow if oil holds $60 here. You talked about the $350 million debt pay-down as well as the 10% dividend hike. But clearly, there's going to be proceeds beyond that. What else is EOG potentially planning on doing with the money? Could there be a ramp-up in even more exploration activity than you've already talked about, or more acreage purchases? Just any color around that please.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Leo, this is Bill Thomas. Yeah, certainly our priorities haven't changed. Our first priority is to use free cash flow and reinvest in the high-return drilling. And we think this is the best way to continue to improve the company, to increase ROCE, and the shareholder value. The one caveat on that is we're not going to ramp-up spending at the cost of returns. We want to maintain the efficiencies and the cost that we built into the system, and in fact, we want to continue to improve. So we want to go at a pace that our well productivity continues to improve. It's improved this year over last year and our rates of return in our 2018 plan are improved this year over last year, and that's because we continue to reduce costs and increase productivity. And so we want to continue to do that and continue to reinvest. That's our first priority. The second is, as Tim mentioned, we want to continue to firm up our balance sheet. Really, our goal is to have an impeccable balance sheet and we're going to pay off the bond this year and as we go forward, we want to incrementally continue to reduce debt and firm up the balance sheet. This gives us so much flexibility. It's served us so well during the last downturn. We didn't have to issue equity or we didn't cut the dividend. We want to be a consistent deliverer of shareholder value throughout the commodity cycles. And it does position us to take advantage of opportunities for maybe an acquisition. We continue to look at those, but also, as you mentioned, we are very organic, prolific, generating company and we have a lot of exploration and step-out testing going on this year. We collect a lot of core data, and our goal with all that is to find better and better inventory than we currently have. We think that is investments into the future of the company and those are very, very important to us getting better. So we want to be able to take advantage of that. And then our third priority is our commitment to the dividend. We have a strong commitment to the dividend. We've increased it 17 times over the last year. As we've said, we increased it this quarter and our board is committed to continuing to increase our shareholder value certainly through better ROCEs in the future, and through our commitment to the dividend. So those are all the priorities we have and we're going to stay focused on that and stay focused on getting better as we go forward.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, thanks. Could you guys give a little bit of color on some of the increased pad sizes you're expecting? And is it primarily mostly in the Permian? What was the pad size you did last year versus what you're looking at this year? And a little bit of color on that in the Eagle Ford as well.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Scott, this is Ezra. Yeah, we're increasing the package size of these wells in both the Eagle Ford and Permian. And we're increasing this – the focus really is on maximizing the NPV of the sections and returns. And so when we plan these packages, we want to plan them large enough that they take advantage of the increased operational efficiency and cost savings that come with that. But at the same time, we don't want to increase them to the size and scale where they take so long that we cannot incorporate learnings from one set of wells to the next. As you know, we like to collect an awful lot of real-time data and incorporate that into the next wells that we drill. And so really it's kind of a balancing act between those two things. As we highlighted, in the Permian, we'll be more than doubling the size of our average package size of wells from two to five.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay. And just specifically with that, and when you look at sort of that, I guess what you said, the slower start in January, that was a big part of it is just those increased pad sizes specifically in the Permian?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Scott. This is Billy Helms. Yeah, basically as we ramp up activity there in the first half of the year and start drilling longer laterals in these bigger packages of wells, it requires that we build inventory for our completion crews more so than we've seen in the past. So that delay is really what's affected our first quarter's production.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Understood. And as my follow-up then, you did talk about uses of cash flow priorities and not wanting to push it where it impairs returns. What is the trigger point that you start seeing things degraded? Is it more service cost rising? Is it just lack of infrastructure? What is the bottleneck on using some more capital to invest currently?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Scott, it's really a couple of things. One is, certainly, the service costs, we are not interested in paying high prices for services. And so we work really hard, like we've done this year, to mitigate increases, and actually going to decrease them this year – total well costs, we're going to decrease total well costs by locking in really strong services at below-market rates. And the other thing is going too fast and outpacing our technical learning curve. And so in every one of these plays – and we've been doing this for two decades now – we've learned to take a systematic approach and not really switch in to what some people would call a manufacturing mode, because we want to continue to learn and we want to continue to get better. And if you just lock yourself into a manufacturing mode, you could be locking yourself into drilling a large amount of wells in the wrong way. And so we continue to learn to place the wells at different spacing vertically and laterally, and our goal is to maximize NPV on those. So that can only go at a certain pace too. So we're very careful. Everything we do in the company is driven by increasing returns, and that is the focus of, as you all know, EOG and that's what we're doing.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good. Thanks. Maybe as a follow-up to what you were just talking about there on learnings, we've seen a few companies over the course of this quarter walk back spacing expectations a little bit in the Permian Basin. How have your views evolved as you've continued to get more data out of the basin? And maybe thoughts on how you're thinking about your evolving base case in terms of spacing your wells per unit.
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Ryan, this is Ezra again. In the Permian Basin, it's still relatively early in the play development. We're still testing a lot of concepts on spacing and staggering of our targets. It's definitely area-dependent, and then target-dependent as well. But, as we've said in the past, in the Wolfcamp oil window, we're seeing good results with spacings from 500 to 660-foot spacing. It's a little bit different down like in our combo, Wolfcamp combo area, where spacing ranges from more like a 800-foot to 1,000-foot spacing. But again, before we really come out with any greater detail on that, the slowdown in activity kind of slowed down our data collection on that, but we continue to push forward with it.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And maybe a follow-up to that. Can you talk about the trends in lateral length in the Permian in 2018? I think you're still – you're targeting a little over 6,000 feet, but a relatively wide range across some of your wells. What's the limiting factor in you guys going higher?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Ryan, again, this is Ezra. So our lateral length actually, so we were able to extend it 20% year-over-year and we're anticipating about another 10% increase here in 2018. Really, as we just continue to make acreage trades and block up our acreage across the basin, you'll continue to see those lateral lengths getting longer and longer. At this point, that's kind of the limiting factor.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: And we'll go next to Subash Chandra with Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you. As you've doubled the package size in the Permian, I think, two to five as you said, do you think at some point you have to get to a cubed style development, for lack of a better term? And the benefits and costs of doing that, do you think that's necessary or can you more moderately increase the package sizes over time and accomplish your objectives?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, this is Ezra again. No, I think the last part that you said is right. I think we can more moderately expand the package size. Like I said, it's a real balance there trying to get the package sizes large enough, so that you're maximizing the operational efficiencies that exist with multi-well operations. But we definitely don't want to get them so large that we have to sacrifice being able to – the flexibility to integrate real-time data collection and learnings into our subsequent well packages. And then also we don't want to get into situations where we end up overbuilding facilities to try and solve temporary issues or anything like that. We're much more focused on integrating our learnings from well-to-well. And then the last thing to think about too is, as Bill mentioned previously and being cautious not to get into manufacturing mode, is the size of these packages are going to be very area dependent. It's really complex geologically, and as we've discussed before, we focus a lot on precision targeting and working out the stratigraphy and the complexities of the geology to make sure we're putting these wells in the best targets.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And my follow-up is in the Wolfcamp or in the Delaware, you've sidestepped all the issues it seems like that have hobbled some of your competitors from sand to takeaway, to inflation, et cetera. And I think what you've messaged on this call is that your real hurdles are internal in managing IRRs and learnings and the like. Did I hear that correctly, or are there some speed bumps that you're concerned about that are external, whether it's water or some other things that maybe we haven't considered?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: I think, Subash, you're correct. We're really in great shape in the Permian, sand, water, takeaway, all those things. And the real thing we're focused on and really what makes a difference in our well productivity versus the industry is our ability to execute in a complex geologic setting, and continue to stay flexible and to learn and to continue to focus on cost reduction. And so those are the things that, I think, we've been fortunate to learn over our two decades in drilling horizontal wells and we're putting those to good use in the Permian.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bob Morris with Citi.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Bill, looking at slide 13 on the Wolfcamp six-month production from the wells, you extended the data out through July versus November before and I notice the average rate dropped a little bit here. And I know some of that's in moving more of your wells to Reeves County. But how much of that is just the child/parent relationship, particularly as you go from two- to five-well packages? How much of that are you seeing? And how much is the degradation on going from unbounded or parent wells to child wells in that situation?
Ezra Y. Yacob - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Bob, this is Ezra again. I think you hit the nail on the head. That's kind of more a reflection of increasing here recently the percentage of wells drilled down on our combo play in Reeves County. I think the issue of parent/child well performance isn't really anything new. It's a challenge that operators have been faced with since horizontal resource plays have been developing, and we've been collecting data on this topic for almost 20 years now throughout our multiple basins and multiple plays. I think there's not really a single variable to eliminate the issue. I think the way we approach it is it begins with the well planning, that's to say the spacing and targeting, making sure that you get that right for the geology that you're in. Different targets obviously respond differently to how much they affect that parent/child relationship. And then also there are things you can do on the completions and production side, certain techniques and designs, again, to alleviate some of those issues.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I wanted to start in the Eagle Ford. I think in your comments, you mentioned the Eagle Ford is where you saw some of the best rates of return in the company during 2017, and I wondered why not shift more activity there relative to the Permian Basin. I think the increase in rig count's about one in the Eagle Ford, but more substantially in the Delaware. Can you just talk a little bit more about that capital allocation decision, and then how the rates of return, inflationary pressures, and ability to execute compare in the Eagle Ford relative to the Delaware?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Brian, this is Billy Helms. Yeah, in the Eagle Ford, we're very pleased with the rate of return and the program. And this last year was a really good year for them where they continue to learn and develop our learnings there quite a bit over the last year. The growth there in the Eagle Ford – the Eagle Ford is really a pretty stable platform for us to continue to slightly grow over the time as we develop that, but we've got some of these other areas that we're also very interested in growing and applying our learnings to to continue to benefit from the learnings that really kind of started in the Eagle Ford. We're also, as a result of the activity in the Eagle Ford, we are improving our well cost, and the well count is actually going up more so than rigs in the Eagle Ford versus that. The other thing that's important to note on the Eagle Ford too, remember, is that 99% of our acreage there is HBP, so we have a lot of flexibility in how we manage our activity levels in the Eagle Ford.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up question is with regards to well cost and efficiencies. You've highlighted your expectations for well costs to fall in a couple of these key basins, and some of the reasons for that I think you mentioned was because of below-market contracts. How much of this is timing, i.e., would go away all else equal in 2019 and your costs would rise versus a sustainable example of EOG's skill that could continue beyond 2018?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Brian, this is Billy Helms, again. Yeah, I think the thing that's unique about EOG in some aspects, we did lock in services certainly at the low cost. A lot of people are able to take advantage of the service cost declines, but I think the thing that's a little bit unique in EOG is our culture of continuous improvement that we really focus relentlessly on improving every aspect of our business, our drilling times, lowering our completed well costs by completing more of the lateral every day with each stage. We also self-source 25% to 30% of our well costs, so we do a lot of things that enable us to continue to make steady improvements in our well costs. And we can't be more proud of our operational teams as they continue to strive to do that.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, I'd just like to add to what Billy said. I think, historically – I've been with the company 39 years now, I don't really remember many years when well costs were going up in EOG. And so I think we've got a lot of confidence in our ability to continue to hold and even reduce costs as we go forward.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks. Just to follow-up on the topic of parent/child wells, a few operators have recently highlighted a decline in per-well productivity and EURs as infill drilling has occurred. I think you guys have previously talked about seeing similar trends in the Bakken just as infill drilling has occurred, but I wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing in the Eagle Ford. I realize that per-well productivity as a whole in the play has continued to improve throughout 2017, but what are you seeing in areas where the number of wells per section is approaching your 16-well target?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: I would say, Phillips, we have continually learned to have variable targets as we develop the Eagle Ford. We have the Lower Eagle Ford and the Upper Eagle Ford and the multiple targets, and we continue to learn to place those better. And we also are learning to manage the parent/child relationship even down to wells that are as close as 200 feet apart. So it's managing the pattern sizes, the timing of the completions, the targeting, and the way that you spatially locate the targets in these W patterns. We're really proud of our folks in San Antonio. They continue to make really strong technical learning in the Eagle Ford and our costs are going down too. So our Eagle Ford returns just consistently every year are going up, and that's the way we want to develop all of our assets, that we're constantly improving and making them better.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then just on the return on capital employed target, nice to see the projected uptick to 10% or higher this year. I'm wondering what that number would look like if you ran the same price deck of $48 by $2.70 that you show for the last three years on page 4 of the slide deck?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: We're not going to give a number out on ROCE, but I'll tell you, we feel very good about that double-digit ROCE. The company is in great position this year and we're really confident that we're going to be able to deliver that number.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Thinking about your cash margins and your differential guidance, early in the year you benefited by LLS, but your full year guide, is that incorporating a wider differential for things like the Delaware as that grows? Or can you talk some about how you think about your long-dated differentials as other regions beyond the Eagle Ford really start really dominating growth?
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Hi, David. This is Lance. Yeah, as we look at our guidance, we take all those considerations. So like we talked about, 100% of our Eagle Ford is all priced on LLS. And you can look at that forward curve, we've priced that into our guidance. And then as you think about the Delaware Basin, with our transportation capacity that we have, we talk a little bit – you see on slide 24, 20% of that we're able to get into the Corpus market, which is what we see as a Brent or an LLS type marker. So we've factored all that into our guidance for what you're seeing today for the full year for 2018.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: And so do you think that a range at the end of the year should carry forward in that more similar to the full year 2018 as opposed to where we are just early – more thinking 2019 and 2020 free cash flow generation is what becomes important?
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: The crystal ball so far there, David, in terms of when we look at the forward curves and where that's trading, we look at 2019 too, same thing for gas like the crude. So we've got the guidance out there for 2018 and we bake that all the way through in terms of for crude and also for gas. So everywhere from the Rockies to the Delaware Basin, even into the Eagle Ford, each one of those markets, that's all factored into our guidance. And what we've been very positive about is, as you've seen, the Rockies has definitely strengthened. So I think across the board when you look at all of our divisions and our domestic oil production, we've seen strength in all the divisions.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Sameer Panjwani with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Sameer Panjwani - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to get a bit granular here at the end on the CapEx budget. So I'm just kind of looking through it, it looks like the exploration and development budget $4.5 billion to $4.8 billion. Just kind of taking an average of that over 690 wells kind of implies $6.7 million. Go back to 2017, I think the average kind of works out to $5.9 million. And I know there's lot of moving parts in terms of longer laterals and at the same time you guys are lowering normalized laterals well costs. Just trying to figure out what exactly is kind of causing this shift. I think a big piece of it is that you guys are shifting more activity to the Delaware, which is a higher per well cost and that might be bringing up the average, but I wanted to get your thoughts there.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, this is Billy Helms. I think what you're seeing is a result of the increased activity there in the Delaware Basin relative to the overall program. We're increasing our activity mostly to grow the potential we see in the Delaware. So the mix of wells within the capital budget is different. Then the other thing that's in our capital budget, and Bill alluded to this earlier, we are testing some new plays. And so early on in new plays, we do collect some science data, cores and microseismic in places, 3D seismic, those kind of things that add into our capital program that would not be typical in just a normal development program.
Sameer Panjwani - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then on slide 19, outlook through 2020 it looks like you can achieve this at roughly $5 a barrel lower based on the 2018 capital efficiency that's being implied. Is this the right way to think about it? And do you have any plans to update this outlook going forward?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: You're looking at it correctly. We're getting better every year. The 2017 metrics versus the 2018 metrics, the 2018 metrics are better in every way. So we're able to deliver a very, very strong growth at lower oil prices going forward. So you're looking at that correctly. We have a very strong, I think incredible, high return inventory in place, and we really believe our quality of inventory is going to increase over time and our costs are going to continue to go down. So I think what you can look for us to do is just keep updating this 2020 outlook that we have, and I think we're very hopeful that we will keep outperforming the outlook guidance going forward.
Sameer Panjwani - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. If I can squeeze in one last one. I know you guys talked about 27 wells online in January. But any additional color you can provide on the expected total for the first quarter?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: We haven't really looked at how many wells per quarter. I just know that the well count in the first quarter is low relative to the rest of the quarters, and it's really due to the ramp-up and activity that we see at the start of the year. And drilling these larger packages with longer laterals and getting the inventory back in where we need it for this level of activity, you just have less wells coming online in the first quarter relative to the rest of the year. So we're very confident in our plan and the volumes that we played out and the guidance we've given. And we expect to be able to deliver that within our program we've laid out.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes. In closing, just like to conclude by saying, 2017 results were outstanding and we believe 2018 will be even better. The company is driven by strong returns and is poised to deliver in 2018 and beyond. We have a sustainable business model and we're excited about EOG's ability to create long-term shareholder value. So thank you for listening, and thank you for your support.
Operator: Thank you. Everyone, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc. William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc. Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc. D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Kistler - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2017 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risk associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves and other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing Operations; Sandeep Bhakhri, Senior VP and Chief Information and Technology Officer; David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2017 in yesterday's press release. This morning, we'll discuss topics in the following order: Bill Thomas will review third quarter highlights, followed by operational results from Gary Thomas, David Trice and Billy Helms. I will discuss EOG's financials and capital structure, and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. EOG is focused on returns. We demonstrate that focus in the third quarter. We added two new premium oil plays, continued cost reductions and delivered strong well performance. The Woodford oil window in the Anadarko Basin and the First Bone Spring in the Delaware Basin add 800 premium drilling locations and 750 million barrels of oil equivalent resource potential net to EOG. As a reminder, for a well to be classified premium, it must have an after-tax rate of return of 30% or greater at $40 oil. Combined with additions made earlier in the year, we have increased our premium inventory by 2,000 locations, which is four times as many wells as we planned to complete in 2017. EOG continues to improve both the size and the quality of its inventory, organically adding better and better locations, substantially faster than our drilling pace. Strong operational execution was also highlighted from the quarter. We exceeded all our production targets and we delivered beyond expectations across all per-unit costs: LOE, transportation expense and DD&A. Our 2017 plan is coming together nicely. We're on target to deliver 20% oil growth and pay the dividend all within cash flow. This morning, I'd like to take a moment to discuss EOG's multi-basin premium portfolio. As we've discussed many times before, the most important point to understand about exploration is that not all rocks are equal. Every play has geologic sweet spots, with superior rock quality that drives well productivity. We do not want to own the whole play. Our focus is to capture only the best rock in the best plays. We did that in the Bakken in 2005, we did it again in the Eagle Ford in 2009, and last year we solidified sweet spot acreage in the Delaware and Powder River Basin with the Yates acquisition. Our ability to identify and capture the best rock is the major reason EOG wells consistently outperform the industry in productivity and returns. With the addition of the Woodford oil window in the First Bone Spring, our premium inventory now totals a massive 8,000 crude oil drilling locations contained in geologic sweet spots across all six major horizontal oil plays. We don't think there's another company in the U.S. with comparable assets. Specifically, the enormous size and quality of EOG's premium inventory. This premium inventory will fuel EOG's industry-leading returns for many years to come. The diversity of our portfolio is a powerful competitive advantage with multiple benefits. One is that single-basin risk is minimized. EOG is active across multiple basins, therefore, temporary conditions in a single basin, such as market tightness or weather event will have limited impact on our performance. Additionally, EOG's diverse multi-basin portfolio allows the company to grow each asset at the optimum pace to maximize its profitability and long-term value. Each play is unique and has a technical and cost optimization learning curve. It's easy to go too fast and potentially risk the long-term value of asset. There are two other points I want to drive home this morning. First is that our decentralized structure was instrumental to accumulating the premium portfolio we have today, and will continue to be critical to our success in the future. We have seven teams operating in North America. These are dedicated individual offices covering every major basin and specializing in each play. That means seven prospect-generating machines and seven cost-savings idea teams, focused team dedicated to each asset armed with our powerful information technology, drive down costs, increase well productivity and maximize the value of each play. Exploring rock and developing wells in multiple diverse basins means generating multiple sets of diverse data. While each play is unique, geologic learnings and technical innovation often transfers to other plays and in turn accelerates the pace of learning across all basins. The final point I want to make is that since our formation, EOG has been a return-incentivized company. Last quarter, we discussed EOG's history of disciplined, return-based capital allocation. The capital discipline this company has demonstrated since its founding is driven by a transparent return-based incentive structure that runs through the entire organization. Evidence of that discipline can be calculated directly from our financial statements as return on capital employed. Our historic ROCE performance averages over 13%. Return-based decision-making is the reason we initiated our premium strategy last year. Rather than patiently wait for commodity prices to improve and allow the cycle to drive our profitability, we permanently redefined our investment hurdle rate and reset the company to be successful in a low commodity price environment. EOG's ability to capture the best rock in multiple plays is the core reason we have been able to permanently shift to premium drilling. We believe our drilling inventory is the largest and highest quality in the U.S., and it's the reason we're able to grow U.S. oil production this year by 20% and cover the dividend all within discretionary cash flow. Most importantly, our diverse and industry-leading acreage positions are the reason we are generating the best reinvestment returns among our peers. Now I will turn it over to Gary Thomas to discuss our third quarter production and cost achievements in more detail.
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you, Bill. In the third quarter, Hurricane Harvey presented EOG with a first of its kind operational challenge, one that our decentralized, multi-disciplined teams in Corpus Christi and San Antonio did an excellent job tackling. Our largest concern was the safety of our employees and facilities, and I'm happy to report we experienced no major damage or environmental incidence related to the storm. I want to thank and congratulate our employees in Corpus Christi, San Antonio and Houston for their exceptional performance during a very difficult time. During the third quarter, there were a few notable achievements to highlight. Time is money and our teams continue to reduce drilling and completion time in every play. After 10 years of drilling Eagle Ford wells, we reduced spud to TD time another 5% this year and in our newer Delaware Basin place, the wells are being drilled in 15% less time. The DD&A rate continued to decline coming in below the low end of our targeted range. The benefits of ongoing operational efficiencies, record low finding and development cost and the addition of premium well reserves are beginning to show up in our financial performance. Per-unit LOE beat expectations despite the double impact from Harvey of both cleanup and repair cost and curtailed production. As noted in the 8-K we issued September 5, the production impact of Harvey on all our oil volumes was about 15,000 barrels oil per day during the quarter. With a few adjustments to our completion schedule, we expect to offset the production impact in the fourth quarter. To accommodate the new schedule, we were able to secure additional completion crews and based on their performance and tightness in that market, we elected to tie up those crews for the remainder of this year. This was a performance and rate of return decision. As a result, we're completing approximately 25 additional wells bringing the total to 505 net completed wells for 2017. Due to the timing of the additional 25 wells late in the year, there will be a limited impact on our volumes for the full year. We now have 28 rigs working and we have the best performing services EOG has ever assembled. We do not want to release any of these top-tier service providers. The additional rigs and crews give us a head start as we plan for 2018. Due to the stellar cost savings and efficiencies gained throughout this year, we don't need to change our capital guidance. However, it is likely we will spend towards the high end of the range. EOG is one of the few E&P companies with the ability to commit capital right now, and as a result, we are securing favorable pricing agreements. We've locked in a major portion of services and suppliers to further lower cost and improve our returns in 2018. Next up is David Trice with the exciting news about our new Oklahoma play.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. This morning we introduced a new premium oil play in the Eastern Anadarko Basin. Located primarily in McClain County, Oklahoma, adjacent to the gas condensate plays properly known as the SCOOP and the STACK, the Woodford oil window is a black oil play with a concentrated sweet spot of high quality rock. Our discovery of the Eastern Anadarko-Woodford oil play is a great example how EOG's decentralized structure is a perfect fit for exploration-driven organic growth. Our team in Oklahoma City identified the potential of this area based on historical log and production data and began leasing in 2013. We accumulated our 50,000 net acre position at an average cost of just $750 per acre. Over the last four years, we collected additional data through vertical logs, core and 3D seismic to delineate the sweet spot. We were then able to compare and model this data against the vast amount of proprietary data collected in other EOG plays to determine the viability of the Woodford oil window as a premium play. Similar to the Eagle Ford, the Woodford is a shale play with very good rock quality and fairly consistent geology. We completed three horizontal wells in the Woodford oil window and applied EOG's refined targeting techniques and EOG-style completions to confirm the premium return potential of the play. The Curry 21X #1VH, which IP-ed in August, was the third well drilled and had the longest lateral at 10,500 feet. Data collected on the first two wells was used to dial in the correct target before drilling the two-mile Curry well. The average 30-day initial production was over 1,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day, while the 60-day average is holding up at over 1,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day with an oil cut of 85%. The relatively low decline is evident in the performance of all three wells drilled and speak to the premium rock quality of this sweet spot. Based on analysis of publicly available production data, we believe that the Curry is potentially the most prolific horizontal Woodford oil well drilled to-date in Oklahoma. Furthermore, the NPV on the Curry well, using the current strip, is about $10 million. So we've essentially paid for a quarter of the entire play's acreage cost with this one well. We currently estimate that EOG's position in the Woodford oil window will support 260 premium locations using 660 foot spacing. The estimated ultimate recovery is 1 million barrels equivalent per well on a gross basis and 800,000 net after royalty for a total estimated resource potential of 210 million barrels of oil equivalent, 70% of which is oil. To reiterate what Bill said earlier, we are not interested in leasing entire plays, but instead. we are focused on leasing the geologic sweet spots at low acreage costs to maximize long-term ROCE growth. The Woodford oil window in the Eastern Anadarko Basin is a perfect example of this strategy. Within EOG, all projects compete for capital, based on returns, and the Woodford oil window is more than competitive with the rest of EOG's premium inventory on a rate of return and NPV basis. Billy Helms will now tell you about the new First Bone Spring play in the Delaware Basin and provide an update on the Eagle Ford.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. Our 2017 development plan in the Delaware Basin has been focused on increasing our understanding of the geological complexities of the various target intervals, testing spacing patterns and delineating our acreage position. As a result, we are providing our initial assessment of yet another target, the First Bone Spring sand. After 15 successful tests across our position, we have the confidence to define the net resource potential of 540 million barrels of oil equivalent from 555 locations, of which 540 remain to be drilled. The seven wells completed in 2017, span a distance of 30 miles and produced on average 1,825 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with initial oil cut of 66% over the first 30 days. For the play, a typical well will target 7,000 foot laterals with a well cost of $7.3 million. We estimate that EUR for a 7,000 foot lateral in the First Bone Spring sand is 1,185,000 barrels of oil equivalent, gross, and 975,000 barrels equivalent net after royalty. The oil cut through the producing life of the well is estimated at 55%. It is important to point out that all the wells in our resource estimate meet or exceed our initial premium rate of return hurdle and will compete for capital with the rest of the Delaware Basin program. Our technical team in Midland has defined multiple horizons across our acreage position and used the latest interpretation to geosteer the drill bit into the best target intervals. Targeting, along with our high-density completions, is yielding industry-leading performance, as evidenced in slide number 17 of our latest investor presentation. Our total Delaware Basin premium well inventory now stands at almost 4,700 locations, which represents over 25 years of drilling inventory at our current pace of development. For the third quarter, we completed 22 wells in the Wolfcamp Oil and Combo plays. All of the active areas continue to meet or exceed our expectations for both well performance and reserves. Out of the third quarter activity, I would like to highlight a three-well package drilled in Southern Lea County. The Antietam wells are 660 feet apart and average 30-day IPs of 2,725 barrels of oil per day each from laterals that averaged about 7,000 feet. This year has been another stellar year for the Delaware Basin team, as we explore and define the potential of this target rich area. We are advancing our development plans to address the well spacing and timing needed to maximize the net present value of this asset. We have over a decade of experience with large horizontal programs and we use this knowledge to address the challenge of developing this multi-target inventory. Once again, our culture and decentralized organization allow our technical teams to focus on these challenges in order to maximize the recovery and the economics of our acreage. We are excited about the tremendous potential we see in the basin. The Eagle Ford continues to be a consistent source for delivering both production volumes and economic reserves. In the third quarter, the average 30-day initial oil production rate from the 44 wells completed was about 1,340 barrels of oil per day, with an average well cost of $4.5 million. Acreage in the Eagle Ford is close to 99% held by production and our efforts are focused on maximizing the net present value of every acre through multi-well pad government with increasing lateral-lengths. The vast majority of the wells are drilled on larger multi-well pads which are well suited to the rigs and completion crews that allow for quick moves and efficient operations. In many of these drilling units, we are targeting additional pay intervals within the Lower Eagle Ford, as well as adding the Upper Eagle Ford where appropriate. As a result, we are harvesting more of the resource in each drilling unit and the productivity per well continues to deliver steady and predictable results. The Angus pattern identified on slide number 33 of our investor presentation, is an example of the tightly spaced targeted development program that generated improved results with staggered 200-foot spacing. Another important point to remember about EOG's Eagle Ford asset is its proximity to a higher priced market. All of the oil from the Eagle Ford receives LLS prices and typically trades at a premium to WTI. This provides a boost to the already premium results and with more than 2,400 premium locations remaining, the Eagle Ford will continue to be a solid foundation for EOG's success. Now here's David, again, for a quick update on the Austin Chalk in Trinidad.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. In the South Texas Austin Chalk we continue to drill very prolific and highly economic wells. We've delineated a sweet spot in Karnes County that consistently delivers premium well economics that compete handily with the rest of our portfolio. In the third quarter, we completed eight wells in this sweet spot that delivered a 30 day average IP rate of almost 4,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day each from an average treated lateral of about 6,000 feet. Well costs remain low, averaging under $4.5 million. The most impressive well during the quarter was the Elbrus Unit 103H whose 30-day IP exceeded 7,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day on a lateral length of only 3,700 feet. Incredibly, this well paid out in less than a month. Our exploration work in the South Texas Austin Chalk is focused on identifying additional sweet spots across our acreage. The play is geologically and stratigraphically complex and we expect our ongoing exploration efforts will take time. In Trinidad, we've stepped up activity and continue to drill really good wells in the prolific shallow water reservoirs offshore Trinidad. We completed two wells during the third quarter in the Banyan and Osprey areas, each with initial production rates in excess of 30 million cubic feet a day of natural gas. We expect to complete another three wells before the year is out and estimate that some of these wells have the potential to produce 100 billion cubic feet of gas over their economic life. This will allow us to maintain production in the years ahead and generate strong rates of return from this cash generating asset. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. We are maintaining our full year 2017 capital expenditure guidance of $3.7 to $4.1 billion. As Gary mentioned, we are more likely to be at the high end of the range in order to hold on to equipment and services as we prepare for 2018. Total exploration and development expenditures for the third quarter were $1.1 billion including facilities of $147 million and excluding acquisitions, non-cash property exchanges and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $50 million. Capitalized interest for the third quarter was $7 million. During September, we repaid our $600 million 5.875% senior notes. At quarter-end, total debt outstanding was $6.4 billion for a debt-to-total-capitalization ratio of 31%. Considering $846 million of cash on-hand at September 30, net debt to total cap was 28%. In the third quarter of 2017, total impairments were $54 million. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 31% and the deferred tax ratio was 175%. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. In closing, I will leave you with a few important points. Over the last few months, the investment communities' emphasis on capital discipline has certainly grown. I'll repeat what I said at the end of 2014 when the downturn began and what we have repeated virtually every quarter since. We are committed to returns, living within our means and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We believe production growth should be the result of investing in high-return drilling and have never been fans of outspending cash flow to pursue growth for growth's sake. Second, we have become a permanently premium company. Our track record of adding premium-level inventory over the last two years is evident that our premium strategy is sustainable. Our premium resource potential now totals more than 7.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent in 8,000 locations. That's more than double the resource potential and more than double the locations from the start of 2016 when we introduced the premium strategy. Furthermore, we are still exploring, still improving existing plays, and we don't see any end to the opportunities to expand our portfolio further. Third, the benefits of a diverse portfolio drive a real competitive advantage for EOG, a strong, stable growth profile that generates high returns and maximizes the value of each asset. It's difficult to sustain both high growth and high returns without the flexibility that multiple premium assets provide. With diverse assets, the result is a focused, disciplined, high-return road to growth. And, finally, EOG is like the Houston Astros. We never give up. We are never satisfied. We never quit getting better. Quarter-by-quarter, we are adding low-cost premium wells to drive down our cost and deliver strong growth. Going forward, our return focus and sweet spot portfolio of assets, supported by a bottoms up, flat, decentralized organization will drive differentiated ROCE performance in the E&P space. Our number one goal is getting ROCE back to our historical average of 13%, or better. We believe this is the best way to create sustainable long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Congratulations on the organic premium location additions. On the Woodford, what drove the timing of the reveal? I mean, is it that you believe you've acquired all you could? And you mentioned it as a sweet spot, yet how prolific or extensive do you see the Woodford with premium characteristics in the SCOOP?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah. Evan, first of all, the Woodford play, we've got a lot of confidence in it. We drilled three wells, but we have a lot of data. And it's a pretty simple play with the modeling we've done and the analysis we've done and the history we have in shale plays. So I'm going to ask David to kind of expound on this and give you some, a little bit more color on the detail.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Evan. Yes. Like Bill mentioned, the difference with the Woodford and some of the other plays is that the Woodford is a shale play. So it's fairly simple from a geological standpoint. And we started work in this area back in 2012, 2013 and had a pretty good idea that it could be premium and so we began collecting data. So we've got nearly 400 full petrophysical models built in and around our acreage that's tied to core data. And then what we've been able to do over the years drilling all of these horizontal oil plays is we've been able to collect the data and we've gotten very good at building some sophisticated reservoir models. And so what we did on this particular play is we modeled it ahead of time. We took industry data. We took all the petrophysical models and compared it against, in this case, particularly the Eagle Ford. And compared the completions, versus the reservoir response. And so going into it, we felt very confident that we could make premium wells here in the Woodford. And so we were able to confirm that with the well results that we've had. And so we feel confident about the premium status of this. And then just the timing of it, it's pretty tightly held acreage in this part of the world so we felt comfortable going ahead and releasing the results on it.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Let me just follow up to your responses. I mean, is 50,000 acres sufficient to scale and develop?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah. I think just like we talked about in our prepared remarks, our focus is on identifying sweet spots and drilling sweet spots, but be that the Austin Chalk or the Woodford, we want to drill premium wells that are going to continue to lower our finding cost over time and increase our ROCE. So for us, I mean this is a – as a decentralized company it works really well. This is an instance, like Bill had said, where we can allocate capital to a different play and develop it at the appropriate speed. And so, yeah, we think it's sufficient scale.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Bill, it's very impressive from a growth standpoint. I was wondering when will we get a bigger dividend? When are you going start growing the direct cash return to shareholders? Thanks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Paul, the dividend is a very strong priority for EOG. We've increased the dividend 16 times in the last 17 years. And consistent with our commitment, our board continues to evaluate the business environment every quarter with the goal of returning cash to shareholders through the dividend and increasing that when appropriate. So that's very high on our list and we are evaluating it. And hopeful as the business environment proves to be stable and improving that we will continue to work on that.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. If I could just observe, it has to really be at least above the S&P 500 yield to be worth paying. I'm looking here at $100 million a quarter. It doesn't seem too onerous to at least double it. Bill, the other thing I'd like to ask you about is the scale of the company. How big, with all of the success that you're having geologically and operationally, how big – is there an optimal size at which you're going to have to perhaps think harder about disposals and taking stuff off the table as opposed to just adding and adding? Thanks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: I'll ask Billy Helms to talk about our divestitures.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah. Paul, this is Billy Helms. I think, it's fair to keep in mind that all these plays we're adding are certainly premium quality, so they're adding to the high end of our portfolio, which we think adds to the net present value of the company. At the same time, we always managed the bottom end of our portfolio. If you look back over the last several years, we've sold over $6 billion of assets. And so that's not to be overlooked. It's a big part of managing our overall asset base and it's part of our long-term strategy to continue to do so. And every year fluctuates, depending on where that property is in the life cycle of its development and play. So it's something we constantly look at and evaluate and actually do each year.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Morris with Citi.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. You just addressed my question on effectively high grading the inventory with continuing to add to these premium locations which, congratulations by the way, on that. As you look at your opportunity for continuing to do that, I notice you continue to spend about $150 million a quarter on exploration. And with a lot of companies focusing on capital discipline and sort of turning to manufacturing mode, has that created more opportunity for you to identify further premium locations as others focus more on manufacturing and do you have the flexibility to look for new plays or repeatable type things like the Woodford that you announced this morning?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Bob. That is our focus, and that's the reason that we continue to have a very robust exploration effort. We don't need more locations. We just are looking for better locations and to be additive to the quality of our already high-quality inventory. So the two plays we talked about today, the First Bone Spring and the Woodford, already will fall in the upper part of our premium inventory. So they'll get more focus than some of the other even premium inventory we have in the company. So we believe – as we said, we've said many times before, the geology makes a huge amount of difference in the productivity of the wells. And we've had a two decade learning curve on horizontal technology and rock quality, and so we're going to continue to use that to increase the productivity of our wells and the plays that we're looking for. So we want to get better. We're never satisfied. And we see a lot of opportunity out there to continue to increase the quality of the plays we're in.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's great. My second question is you're one of the very few, if maybe only, companies that didn't add to hedges in the quarter and you're still very minimally hedged in 2018. What does that say, or how does that speak to your view on the commodity price and managing that?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes. Our view on the macro is we're, I think, certainly encouraged by the improving market conditions as we look forward. The market, obviously, is continuing to rebalance nicely. Inventories are moving towards the five-year average, and we are watching the market closely for opportunities. Now I'm going ask Lance to comment a little bit more on that.
D. Lance Terveen - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah. Bob, good morning. Really, as we think about it, we're going to stay poised. As Bill mentioned, inventories continue to draw globally, but also in the U.S. And then you look at the market, it's in backwardation, too, for WTI and Brent, so. Also, in our view, we think U.S. production hasn't been growing quite as prolific as what others have originally estimated. So as we look at those dynamics in the market, we're going to really stay poised here. And we've been disciplined since 2015, and we've been waiting for this turn. So we're going to continue to watch here going into 2018.
Operator: We'll go next to Leo Mariani with NatAlliance Securities.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Yeah. Hey, guys. Just quick question on the First Bone Spring here. Obviously, the Bone Spring has been a target for a number of years out there in the Permian Basin. You guys have been active drilling wells here for a little while. Was there some dramatic change that happened recently that caused you guys to kind of move this up into a premium position? Maybe you could just discuss that a little bit.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Leo, is this Billy Helms. For the First Bone Spring, it's just yet another pay zone that we've been – certainly have been identified and we've been testing over the last several years. And most of our activity in the past year or two has been focused on, certainly, the Wolfcamp, which is highly prolific and we've got multiple zones there. We've also previously announced the Second Bone Spring's resource estimate. So this is just the next step. The First Bone Spring is certainly a highly prolific and very competitive zone with those targets and we've now delineated the program with about 15 wells over a fairly extensive area and had confidence enough to come out and delineate the resource potential on our acreage there. So it was really just the next step in the evolution of the Delaware Basin.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay. That's helpful. I just wanted to kind of follow-up a little bit on some of the 30-day oil production rate data you guys provided in the third quarter. Just in the various different Delaware plays, Eagle Ford and DJ, just noticing that your 30-day oil rates, while still strong, were down a little bit from second quarter averages. Just wanted to see if there was anything in particular sort of driving that.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: No, there's nothing out of the ordinary there. They vary from quarter-to-quarter based on lateral lengths and where we're drilling in each part of the play. There's no, really, distinct trend you can draw from it. It's kind of up and down a little bit every quarter. We are doing appropriate spacing tests, especially as we're pretty new in the Delaware Basin. And so that may affect volumes a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. And then the parts of the play vary quite a bit. So there's nothing unusual there. I wouldn't try to read anything in any of that that would be out of the ordinary.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Bill, I wonder if I could ask a slightly different question about the premium inventory. The Woodford, as it's disclosed, I mean, obviously great news, but it's 3% of your locations. The Bakken is now about 4% of your locations. And I guess my point is that is there a point on the line where you start to think about monetizing some of these high-quality smaller portfolio positions, given how long dated your premium location inventory now there's a cost of these (41:56). I'm wondering if there's another optimization decision to be had here as you bring these smaller assets into the portfolio?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Doug, the Woodford and the Bakken, you mentioned specifically, those would not be ones that we would think about monetizing at this point because, obviously the Woodford has got tremendous upside to it and is on the high end of our quality of the premium inventory, and we also believe the Bakken has too. It's still got a lot of upside. We have, as I said in the opening, that we captured the sweet spot there, and continue to think that there is quite a bit of additional premium drilling to go on both of those. And so we like having multiple high-quality assets because it allows the company to increase capital or disburse capital with discipline. And it allows us to put to work capital with a lot of confidence that we can continue to have very, very strong returns and execute each one of those plays at the proper speed to maximize the NPV and the finding costs. And that is what really will drive the ROC improvements in company going forward. And in each one of our plays, we have a slide in the slide deck, I believe it's slide 16 that shows you that the returns that we have in each one of our plays, if we drill premium wells, is very, very strong. And they're all fairly equal. And so that's the advantage of having multiple plays and having a decentralized organization that can focus, reduce the cost and improve the quality of wells at the same time and maximize the value of each one of them.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I know it's a bit of a stretch, but I think I wanted to just take your opinion on the portfolio high-grading. So my follow up, Bill, it seems the 15% to 25% at $50 to $60 with the well results you've had, it strikes us you can probably do that same range of growth at a lower oil deck. So I guess my question is as we see oil starting to get a little bit healthier at least in the out years, how would you think about incremental allocation of capital? Would it be the 15% to 25% is sacrosanct and anything beyond that goes back to shareholders or just how are you thinking about the upside case for production growth? And I'll leave it there.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: If prices rise, obviously, our discretionary cash flow is very, very strong. It's increasing even if prices don't rise. So the first thing is, when we decide to reinvest additional cash we're going to do it with discipline. We're not going to sacrifice returns to grow faster. We only incrementally invest if our returns are equal or better. And, again, that is I think an advantage of multiple plays in a decentralized system that we have in place to execute that. What I'd say the highest priority in the company is really to continue to reinvest in the premium inventory because we believe that's the best way to increase shareholder value. But we also want to continue to firm up the balance sheet and we want to work on that and getting our net debt down lower than what it is now. So that will be a priority. And then the third thing, as I talked about already, is we have a very, very strong commitment to the dividend, so we want to continue to increase cash to the shareholders through the dividend going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Hanold with RBC.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Could I ask a little bit more on the Woodford? You drew a box on your presentation of where you, I'll see that as perspective and marked it above 50,000 acres. Can you talk about the working interest you have in there? And do you expect – where do you expect that to go over time?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Scott, this is David. Yeah. So far the wells we've drilled there in the Woodford, they've been very high working interest, probably close to 100%. I would think going forward right now, we're probably on average, it's going to vary quite a bit across the play, but, probably on average it's probably around 50%. So we've got work to do there as far as (47:11) and things like that. So right now I'd say it's probably around 50%. But the numbers we've given you as far as resource estimate, that's all net numbers, the 260 net locations and acreage position there.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Right. So on a gross location you've got a good 500 plus it sounds like. And so when you talk about ramping that opportunity up in 2018, what kind of pace are you generally thinking about now?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah. I think we're going to wait to give any kind of specific guidance until the next call on our plan, but we would say that we do intend to ramp that up next year.
Operator: We'll go next to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Bill, to you and your team there.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Charles.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And congratulations to your teams for maturing those two new premium plays. I'd like to go back to an earlier question. I believe it was from Bob Morris, was asking about your macro outlook given that you're unhedged. But there was another comment you made in your prepared remarks that you're going to be near the high end of your CapEx guidance to secure the services you guys need going into 2018. And to me putting those two together really looks like the management team is pretty bullish on the commodity and activity levels. And I'm wondering if that's a fair read, not just on the commodity but on the activity levels. And if it is, if you have any concerns or any lookouts for pinch points on service availability in 2018.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Charles, just first off on our, I think, our confidence in the macro and the oil price. We do feel like the market is in an improving situation. There's no doubt about that. But even if oil prices stay at $50, no better than they are this year, our discretionary cash flow is growing substantially. So I'm going to ask Gary Thomas to kind of comment on the services and the availability of equipment and maybe the pricing there.
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Charles. As was brought up this morning, all of our decisions is really based on increasing our rate of return. And you mentioned pinch point, and pinch point would probably be in just thinking about the various services that are available. There's been little equipment added over the last couple of years. And that's one of the main reasons that we've increased our activity here with the additional 25 wells; it's just to ensure that we have top-tier services available to continue to reduce our cost and just develop and produce more of the low-cost oil, which is going to increase our return on capital investment. But our divisions have just done an outstanding job assembling our best-performing drilling rigs, completion services, all those services, probably the best ever. And we just want to be careful not to lose those, because our intent is just to continue to reduce our cost over time. Charles, I'd also like to add that we always built in the flexibility to respond to whatever oil price presents itself next year. So we're always thinking about that and built that into our thinking on what equipment and how much of it if we put a long-term contract versus short term and how we manage our business.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thank you, Bill and Gary. That's helpful color. And then, if I could have one other question, my follow-up question on the Delaware Basin, perhaps this would be best for Billy Helms. Billy, you guys had the emergence of this First Bone Springs this quarter, but as I look at maps or the charts you guys have in your investor book, the Wolfcamp section is about as thick as that whole Bone Springs section put together, and you're just identifying one target there right now. So could you talk about what are the prospects over the next coming quarters for you guys to mature another horizon within the Wolfcamp?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yeah, Charles. I'd say, yeah, our focus there has been mainly on identifying the best target intervals within the Wolfcamp, so we've tested a number of different perspective pay targets. And then, really, what we're trying to better understand is – and as we move into development mode, how is the best way to develop the asset, and so we're testing a lot of different – along with testing different target intervals, we're testing a lot of spacing patterns. What's the right spacing pattern within each well, between wells, between target intervals, and those kind of things. So, as you know, as you get into these large horizontal programs, you have to be able to manage the parent-child interference, the offset depletion appropriately to maximize the recovery and the economics of every play. Just a reminder, we've got over a decade of doing that kind of thing in various plays. So we're utilizing all that knowledge that we've gained in all these different plays to better understand how to do that. So I'd tell you it's a little bit early to think about what we would roll out next, but I'd say that there's certainly upside we see in the basin for continued growth, and we're very excited about what we see for the potential of the Delaware Basin.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good. Thanks. Maybe a question on allocation to capital. I mean, how should we think about the relative prioritization to capital within the portfolio amongst the assets as we look into 2018? I know you're working on the budget right now, but should we expect a similar mix of Eagle Ford versus Permian versus other as we saw in 2017? Or is there going to be additional relative shift towards some other? Then, in particular, how should we think about allocation to capital for the two new assets? So maybe start there.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Ryan, yeah. The capital allocation, certainly, the Permian would be a high priority. Obviously, the Eagle Ford continues to get a lot of capital. And then the plays in the Rockies, and certainly the new Woodford play, as David talked about, will get quite a bit more capital than it had obviously this year. We'll get into a development mode on that. And I think it's the advantage again that we have in the company is that we can disburse capital very easily and have a lot of confidence that we're generating really high returns. And because of our decentralized structure, and all the plays are very, very high quality. So it's pretty easy for us to disburse capital out and have a lot of confidence in it.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And within that framework, I guess, in the past at some point, you had talked about in that kind of $50 to $55 world that the Permian would be the largest growth driver, the Eagle Ford would be probably more of a mid to high-single digit trajectory. Is that kind of the right way to think about the Eagle Ford within this current framework?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Ryan, yes. That's a good way of thinking about it. The Permian, the Delaware is our primary driver of growth and the Eagle Ford is in the secondary position on that right now. But all of them are getting fantastic returns. And that's the way we want to do it. We're really focused on returns first. And that's the top priority of the company and to maximize the ROCE.
Operator: We'll go next to Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. Bill, I was wondering if you could give us some commentary on how you're thinking about 2018. On slide 19, you've given us, kind of, your 15% to 25% long-term growth CAGR. The Street for 2018 is at 18% growth. I was just wondering if you could just give us how you're thinking about your planning for next year?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Arun, we're not going to give out a specific number at this point. So, everybody, you'll just have to wait until our February call on that. Certainly, our long-term outlook that we've given, 15% to 25%, is still valid. But we'll work through the plan and then we'll let everybody know the specifics in February.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can we read into anything, the fact that you've added a couple of rigs and have added frac crews as any indication about next year?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: No. You shouldn't read really anything in that. We wanted to secure those because they're very, very high quality, that that kind of equipment is hard to get if you're trying to add something new. And so we didn't want to let it go. And then we captured it at very low cost, too, so we wanted to lock that in. But I wouldn't read anything really, into anything. We're still working through our plan and we'll let you know that in February.
Operator: We'll go next to Dave Kistler with Simmons Piper Jaffray.
David Kistler - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good morning, guys. Speaking a little bit about the decentralized structure and a lot of questions regarding capital allocation, can you talk a little bit about, even though it's decentralized, how flexible you can be to redirect capital or activity to basically optimize returns in not just an annual basis, but in a shorter term basis? So, for example, LLS prices are great right now. Service environment in Eagle Ford isn't quite as pressured as other areas. How quickly can you redirect capital or do you think about doing that in a decentralized environment?
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Dave, this is Gary Thomas. Really the decentralized nature of EOG helps us to turn on a dime. We've got all of these different plays working. We can ramp up, ramp down. The way we've structured our contracts with our vendors, we can move equipment from one to the other. And as far as – and Bill brought this up, is us being able to share what the breakthroughs are, the efficiencies. We often get together with our technical groups. We have those conferences that are going be starting up here right after the first of the year. So there's a tremendous amount of sharing among divisions to ensure that these different divisions that are working different plays, finding new and better ways to improve our efficiencies are just continually shared. So we like to think of it as having various think tanks and it works really well for us.
David Kistler - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Well, I appreciate that tremendously. And then, one last maybe macro question, in the past, you guys have talked about scarcity of premium resources across kind of the total U.S. and that you obviously feel advantaged, and rightfully so, with what you've been able to put together. But that has enhanced your macro outlook. As you guys continue to grow premium resources organically within your current acreage base, but also as an example with the Woodford outside of it, does that change your thoughts in terms of total resource content in the U.S. or total premium inventory and what that might mean to macro supply on a longer term basis?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Dave, no, it really doesn't. We think the highest quality sweet spot parts of the crude oil plays are relatively small compared to the total. And when you look across the U.S. horizontal oil plays, there is a very large percent of wells that, we believe, are not economic, certainly at $50 oil, and need a much higher oil price to be economic. So these premium plays, the sweet spots are really the economic parts of these horizontal oil plays, and those are the ones we're focused on, obviously, only. We're not really interested in most of the acreage. So we believe if oil stayed at $50, the economic limits of the industry, U.S. horizontal oil, are somewhat limited by that.
Operator: At this time, this does conclude the question-and-answer portion of today's call. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Thomas for any final remarks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: In closing, EOG's third quarter results were remarkable in many ways. As reported today, the company is focused on delivering strong returns by reducing costs, completing great wells and increasing the size and quality of our drilling inventory. We have a sustainable business model and we're excited about EOG's ability to create long-term shareholder value. In addition, I would like to say thank you to the EOG family for the tremendous contribution of time and money to Hurricane Harvey relief. Our combined efforts raised over $2.8 million. Thank you for listening, and thank you for your support.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - CFO Bill Thomas - Chairman and CEO Gary Thomas - President and COO Billy Helms - EVP, Exploration and Production David Trice - EVP, Exploration and Production Lance Terveen - SVP, Marketing Operations Sandeep Bhakhri - SVP and Chief Information and Technology Officer
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Doug Leggate - Bank of America Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Paul Grigel - Macquarie James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2017 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG’s SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in the Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing Operations; Sandeep Bhakhri, Senior VP and Chief Information and Technology Officer; and David Streit, VP Investors and Public Relations. An update of our presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included guidance for the third quarter and full year 2017 in yesterday’s press release. This morning, we’ll discuss topics in the following order: Bill Thomas will review second quarter highlights followed by operational results from Gary Thomas, Sandeep Bhakhri, Billy Helms, Lance Terveen and David Streit. I will discuss EOG’s financials and capital structure, and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here’s Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Over this last quarter, the question we received most often from the investment community was, how does EOG plan to respond to lower oil prices. Obviously, that question isn’t unique to ask as the entire industry is being asked to demonstrate capital discipline in the face of extended lower commodity prices. EOG is a return incentivized company and it has been since its founding. So our commitment to capital discipline is our core value and the fundamental driver of EOG’s history of peer-leading returns. From the beginning of the downturn in 2014, we have consistently executed a disciplined plan to return to industry-leading ROCE and industry-leading U.S. oil growth. This morning, we’re pleased to report that EOG’s second quarter results are right on target to achieve those goals. Our premium drilling strategy is the key. We continue to add low-cost premium reserves, driving down our DD&A rate and improving our ability to earn net income over time. Premium well results are the reason we returned the strong U.S. oil growth in 2017. Furthermore, during the second quarter, we exceeded all U.S. production targets. As a result, we increased 2017 U.S. oil production growth guidance from 18% to 20%. Our goal remains delivering cash flow, covering capital and the dividend. As outlined on Slide 7 of our investor presentation, premium drilling is already having a substantial impact on our production, finding costs and DD&A. Compared to 2016, oil production is forecast to grow 20%, while our DD&A rate is forecast to decrease 9%. In addition to strong growth this year, we continue to execute our robust exploration program to capture low cost acreage in plays that we believe could contain premium quality rock that would add to our growing 10 year inventory of premium drilling locations. With everywhere we drill, we collect new data that we incorporate into our big data systems. We are constantly learning how different types of tight rocks respond to horizontal technology. And we apply this knowledge to capture new acreage in exploration plays and to drill better wells in our existing plays. As we’ve said many times before, the key to great wells is high quality rock. Our multi decade database and the learning curve gives us a huge lead in identifying the best rock to add new and better drilling potential to the company. Each one of our 7 U.S. exploration teams is generating new prospects that make the company better. The exploration potential is a key sustainable advantage for EOG. Disciplined capital efficiency, returns, exploration and growth are EOG hallmarks, and our second quarter performance continues to demonstrate the outstanding results. Looking forward, regardless of where oil prices go from here, EOG will respond accordingly. We are committed to returns, delivering within our means and a strong balance sheet. We believe production growth should be the result of investing in high return drilling, and have never been fans of outspending cash flow to pursue growth for growth’s sake. We are doing all the things that keep us marching towards our ultimate goal of delivering sustainable, long term shareholder value. Now I will turn it over to Gary Thomas to discuss our second quarter production and cost achievements in more detail.
Gary Thomas: Thank you, Bill. The second quarter of 2017 marks EOG’s fourth consecutive quarter of domestic oil production growth. We delivered this high return oil growth, balancing CapEx with cash flow at an oil price roughly half of the peak in 2014. That accomplishment is a direct result of our permanent shift to premium drilling. Furthermore, second quarter production exceeded expectations, with 243 of our planned 280 net wells completed during the first half. We produced more than the high end of our U.S. production forecast for all commodities due to the outperformance from premium wells drilled throughout the first half of the year. On the capital side, we continue to see fantastic cost reduction in all our active basins. At the start of the year, we expected well costs in 2017 to at least remain flat as we were confident we could offset any exposure to inflation. However, we were also optimistic we could further reduce costs, so we establish stretch targets. Year-to-date, we’re on track to reach those targets in every major basin. During the first quarter, we met and reset our 2017 Delaware Basin well cost target, which we now met again during the second quarter. We’ve also met our Powder River Basin well cost target. And we exceeded our DJ Basin cost target by 10-plus percent. These cost savings are not a result of any one thing; they are a combination of everything. With our pleased but not-satisfied culture, EOG records are broken regularly. We all -- we are also keeping tight control of our operating expenses. We’ve offset any exposure to service cost inflation as well as increased costs associated with higher levels of activity. Ongoing cost reductions driven by the scale of our operations and other efficiencies have kept lease operating expenses flat quarter-to-quarter and down on a per-unit basis as we have successfully controlled LOE while increasing production. For the remainder of the year, we expect per-unit LOE will decline reflecting the sustainable nature of the cost savings and efficiency gains EOG realized over the last 2 years. As a result of well outperformance, we are increasing our forecast for 2017 U.S. oil production growth to 20% without increasing the number of wells completed or our capital expenditure forecast. Our performance year-to-date truly reflects the power of our premium drilling strategy. I’ll now turn the call over to Sandeep Bhakhri for a technology update.
Sandeep Bhakhri: Thanks, Gary. In our last earnings call, we highlighted how real-time data from our proprietary black boxes and our custom-developed mobile applications are a major productivity game changer. Last quarter, we showcased our proprietary real-time geosteering app, iSteer. This morning, [indiscernible] two new recentric [ph] apps we recently rolled out to our team in the Delaware Basin, and how they’re already making an impact. These tools were designed and customized with input from the entire drilling team, from the engineers in the office to the rig personnel on site. The entire team has access to more than 80 real-time data streams from advanced downhole instruments alongside instant access to data from previously drilled offset [indiscernible]. Drilling engineers and on-site rig personnel can analyze performance of bits and motors, as well as results from real-time predictive algorithms that project bit location and orientation to make real-time decisions. The whole team can look at real-time drilling projects in terms of days versus depth, depth versus cost, et cetera. It’s like having a real-time report card. The bottom line is that our drilling engineers and rig personnel are in lock step evaluating drilling performance versus their best offset wells. And all this analysis then goes into making the next well even better. Furthermore, the apps allow access to all these features anytime and anywhere. As an example on the New Mexico Wolfcamp [row] we recently drilled last month. Our company man on location called the well’s drilling engineer requesting to pull a drill bit. The drilling engineering who was out of the office at that time used his mobile app to quickly analyze their plan and determine that [tripping] for a new bit wasn’t needed in that particular interval of rock and would only add extra cost. With both the company man and the drilling engineer viewing the analysis real time, they decided not to [trip]. They drilled a vertical with one less assembly saving a day of drilling time and an estimated $100,000 for the interval. This improved performance in the vertical contributed to a drilling record for the New Mexico Wolfcamp, 17,000 feet in 10 days. Given the [indiscernible] of [80] off the rocks in the Delaware Basin, the ability for our drilling team to react instantly to changes compared to the initial plan is critical for the superior well results that Gary just spoke about. I can’t emphasize enough that EOG’s quantity, quality and breadth of data drives our information technology advantage. First, we believe we have multiple times more data on horizontal oil wells than anyone in the industry. More importantly, the data is proprietary. The type and granularity of data and the frequency of collection is customized to our needs. Second, we are constantly experimenting and applying and learning to the next well. EOG’s cultures is to always question and push the envelope on what can be done. The result is terabytes of differentiated data capturing results of thousands and thousands of experiments. The application they’ve built in-house analyzed and delivered all the data real time better than any other comparables suite of applications in the industry. However, these applications are virtually useless without the big data and the culture of experimentation and innovation you need to drive data science in the first place. Thank you, and I’ll turn the call over to Billy Helms who will update you on the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin claims.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Sandeep. In the Eagle Ford, the average 30-day initial oil production rate from the 51 wells completed during the second quarter was about 1,500 barrels per day. This well performance marks a return to the productivity levels from last year before we began completing the older drilled but uncompleted wells or DUCs remaining in our working inventory. Many of the DUCs completed during the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first quarter of this year were drilled in 2015 prior to our more recent advancements in targeting. These latest Eagle Ford wells really demonstrate the impact that precision targeting makes on well performance. Successfully steering the lateral into the 10 or 20 feet of the highest quality pay of any given target can significantly enhance the well’s ability to achieve EOG’s premium drilling hurdle. From an operations perspective, this was a quarter of solid execution. We maintained and in some cases continued to lower completed well costs averaging just $4.5 million for a 5,300-foot lateral during the first half of this year. We are well on our way to reaching our year-end target of $4.3 million per well. The Delaware Basin continues to deliver outstanding well performance in multiple target horizons. In the second quarter, we completed 25 wells in the Wolfcamp and 19 wells in the Bone Springs. In the Wolfcamp, we are delineating in three different areas, two in the oil window and one in the combo area and testing various spacing distances between wells. Our first highlight, a four-well package drilled in Southern Lea County. The Rattlesnake wells are 660 feet apart and average 30-day IPs over 2,500 barrels of oil per day each from laterals that averaged about 6,700 feet. These wells complete a full section developed with eight wells per section in this Upper Wolfcamp interval. While early in the productive life of these wells, we are encouraged about the performance of the spacing pattern. A second four-well package, the Whitney Bronson wells was drilled in the oil window in Loving County with 440 feet between wells. These wells averaged 30-day IPs at 2,250 barrels of oil per day each from laterals that averaged about 9,500 feet. The third package is a three-well pattern in the combo portion of the play. The State Street 20-29 wells in the State Apache 57 number 1610H. These wells averaged 30-day IPs of 3,250 barrels of oil equivalent per day each, with a 49% oil cut and laterals that average 7,200 feet. In total, the average 30 day production rate from the 25 wells completed in the Wolfcamp is over 1,900 barrels of oil per day or 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day including both the oil window and combo portions of the play. Like the Wolfcamp, we continue to test longer laterals in the Bone Springs. We completed a three well package, the Neptune 10 State Com 503H-505 H that averaged 30-day IPs at nearly 2,800 barrels of oil per day each with laterals of 9,700 feet. In total, the 19 wells completed in the Bone Springs in the second quarter averaged over 1,500 barrels of oil per day. Our development plan includes delineation of our acreage along with determining the proper wells spacing for the various target intervals. Our program continues to deliver results that exceed our reasonable expectations. We are still in the early innings of determining the full long-term potential of this world-class play. While early at this juncture, we are seeing that the sweet spots for each target interval are highly dependent on the stratigraphic nature of the intervals and not laterally extensive across the entire basin. Next up is Lance Terveen to provide details of our plans for takeaway capacity in the Delaware Basin.
Lance Terveen: Thanks, Billy, and good morning, everyone. The industry has been focused on Delaware Basin takeaway for crude oil, plant processing and residue gas. Securing access to multiple markets and capacity options in 2018, 2019 and 2020 has been a key focus for our team. We’ve been successful diversifying our transportation options and sales points, so that marketing our Delaware Basin production will be as flexible as the optionality we built for our Bakken and our Eagle Ford production. Starting with crude. EOG capacity on a new third party Delaware Basin oil gathering system and terminal is on schedule for start-up in early 2018. This new system will deliver substantial cost savings and more importantly will give us three direct connections to takeaway pipelines with access to Cushing, Corpus and Houston markets along with the option to export our crude oil. Between our oil transportation agreements in place and our recent Mid-Cush Basis Swap positions, we’ve created security to market and minimized Mid-Cush Basis exposure. For natural gas, our Midland team has done a tremendous job, building out EOG-owned gas gathering and compression infrastructure. Our systems tie directly into multiple plants throughout the entire Delaware Basin. As we added to our plant processing capacity, we also ensure we have multiple options for residue gas take away from the Permian Basin. Through our existing agreements and soon-to-be-executed transactions with our strong midstream counterparties, EOG will be well insulated and protected during the most at-risk years of capacity concerns and volatility. Now here’s David Trice.
David Trice: Thanks, Lance. We continue to drill very prolific highly economic wells in the South Texas Austin Chalk. In the second quarter, we completed nine wells with a 30 day average IP rate of over 2,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day each from an average treated lateral of less than 4,000 feet. The average well cost for these short laterals was just $4.6 million. Spacing varies but, in general, the recent wells average about 600 feet between laterals. We continue to test tighter spacing and lateral placement within the various Austin Chalk targets we are testing. More to come on this in the future. In our Bakken and Three Forks asset, well performance during the second quarter improved significantly. Much like the Eagle Ford towards the end of 2016 and into the first half of this year, we completed the remaining well inventory from 2014 and 2015. Those pre 2016 DUCs did not benefit from the more recent advancements in precision targeting used on our current working inventory of wells. Going forward, we have essentially depleted our Bakken DUC inventory, but the newly drilled Bakken wells will have the benefit of the latest precision targeting. Our 30 day average oil IP in the Bakken this quarter was almost 1,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The Clark’s Creek package and the Antelope Extension Area is particularly notable. The top-performing Bakken well in this package posted almost 3,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the first 30 days. Also included in the Clark’s Creek package was the Three Forks well. Its 30-day IP averaged over 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Powder River Basin, we completed 8 Turner wells during the second quarter. These wells came online with 30 day rates of over 1,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day each from an average treated lateral of 8,700 feet. We continue to see upside in our large 400,000 acre provision on the Powder River Basin and are pursuing block up trades throughout the basin. In Trinidad, we’re happy to announce we finalized an agreement with the National Gas Company of Trinidad and Tobago. The NGC and EOG agreed to a multiyear gas supply contract that will support a substantial drilling program and EOG’s ongoing exploration efforts. As mentioned last quarter, we recently completed a newly joint venture seismic survey and are planning to acquire another proprietary seismic survey next year. Both of these surveys are state-of-the-art and will greatly enhance our exploration and development activities in offshore Trinidad. In the second quarter, we drilled one new well in Trinidad and anticipate drilling at least three more wells in the second half of the year. With the new gas supply contract and new seismic data, we expect future EOG Trinidad projects to be economically competitive with our best onshore U.S. assets. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Randy. We are maintaining a full year 2017 capital expenditure guidance at $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion. During the second quarter, we are on track, investing approximately one half of that amount. Total exploration and development expenditures in the second quarter were $1 billion including facilities of $161 million and excluding acquisitions, non-cash property exchanges and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $56 million. Capitalized interest for the second quarter was $7 million. At quarter end, total debt outstanding was $7 billion for a debt-to-total capitalization ratio of 33%. Considering $1.6 billion in cash at hand, June 30, net-debt-to-total capital was 28%. In the second quarter of 2017, total impairments were $79 million. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 63%. And the deferred tax ratio was 87%. Now I’ll turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In closing, I will leave you with a few important points. First, our premium drilling strategy is delivering better than expected well results. In the Permian, Eagle Ford and Rockies, EOG’s wells are some of the best in the industry allowing the company to exceed production targets with record capital efficiency. Second, we continue to lower well costs and operating costs. EOG’s cost-reduction culture leveraging sustainable technology and efficiency gains coupled with self-sourced materials and services continues to offset upward industry service costs. Third, EOG remains committed to capital discipline. We are on track to deliver cash flow at or above CapEx and the dividend into 2017.  Fourth, we are engaged in a robust exploration effort using our extensive historical database and experience. We are focused on capturing high-quality rock and the sweet spot of new premium plays with strong leasing efforts underway this year. And finally, we believe we’re generating the highest investment returns in the U.S. and adding the lowest cost reserves. Our number one goal is getting ROCE back to our historical average of 13% or better, and creating sustainable long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening, and now we’ll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go to Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: Maybe I’ll start off with the incremental update in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford where you witnessed a normalized IP, 30 IPs, up by 30% in the Eagle Ford, and you doubled them in the Bakken. Can you provide color on what drove the change? Is it the shift away from DUCs, I think, you alluded to in the Bakken and into premium inventory or completion design specifics?
Billy Helms: Yes. Evan, this is Billy Helms. I’ll start and maybe David Trice can add some color also. For the Eagle Ford, in particular, it was driven largely by our moving towards new drilled wells, getting away from the DUCs and taking advantage of our new steering technology that we kind of developed to identify the best rock and then steer the well in the best 10 or 20 feet of that rock. As we mentioned in all these plays, the rock quality makes a huge difference in the productivity of each play. And we’re taking the advantage of that this year. In the previous quarters -- the previous two quarters were driven largely by drilling or completing wells that did not take advantage of this new steering technology. So moving away from those and moving into a more -- a program more focused on the new advances in steering is what led to the improvements in the Eagle Ford. David?
David Trice: Yes. This is David Trice. The Bakken is a very similar story. So we -- like I mentioned, we did, in the first half of this year, finish off pretty much all the DUCs in the Bakken. And a lot of these DUCs were drilled going back as far as 2014. So we’ve come a long, long way in the last 2 or 3 years on both targeting in the Bakken and in completions. And just understanding the interaction between the geology and the completion in the Bakken, because it is a -- you do see variations across the Bakken in the geology. And so you have to be able to match your completion and the timing of your completions to the geology. So that’s the biggest thing that we’ve seen as we’ve finished off those DUCs and starting completing some of the new drill, like the package that we announced that had such prolific results of -- in the Clark’s Creeks. So those are some new drill wells and so that shows the potential [indiscernible] return in the Bakken.
Evan Calio: My second, if I stay on the Eagle Ford, on a normalized basis here, Austin Chalk wells are performing -- outperforming Eagle Ford wells by over two times in the last three quarters, it sounds like that outperformance is representative of development spacing. Just given what you’ve seen, what’s the consideration to progressing the Austin Chalk to full development mode? Or can you talk about kind of considerations there?
David Trice: On the Austin Chalk, the main driver for the outperformance there is the reservoir quality. The reservoir quality of the Austin Chalk is superior to that of the Eagle Ford. And -- but a lot of the information we’ve collected over the years in the Eagle Ford that’s been applied to the Austin Chalk. So we’ve been able to basically take better rock and apply more advanced completions to better rock. As far as any updates on resource potential or anything like that, we’re still testing spacing patterns and various targets. We do see multiple targets in the Austin Chalk, similar to what we see in the Eagle Ford. But the geology is a little bit more complex. These aren’t -- the Austin Chalk is not exactly the same as a shale-type resourcing play. So we need to continue to collect more [indiscernible] data and get some additional target tests and as well as spacing tests before we can come up with any sort of resource update.
Operator: And we’ll next go to Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: With your recount higher -- with the recount higher across shale, not just for EOG but for industry, expectations from many are that we’re seeing -- or we’re going to see industry cost inflation. But as you highlighted, you’re still expecting well costs to fall in areas like the Eagle Ford. Are you not seeing the inflation? Or are you seeing it and more than offsetting it? And in a place like the Eagle Ford, can you talk to what represents the $0.2 million in well cost reduction you expect? And if there’s any offsetting impact in terms of what that well and its productivity look like?
Gary Thomas: Yes, we’re seeing some inflation on costs and not different than maybe we mentioned last quarter. It’s in that 10% to 15% range. A large part of our costs are pretty well fixed. We’ve got our drilling rigs probably 60% locked in. We’ve got our frac fleets about close to the same. We’re very fortunate to have these state-of-art rigs. And we are just offsetting the cost inflation with improved technology and the design of bits, design of motors. We have our engineers doing both of those. We’ve got our own mud systems and mud engineers. So we’re working those as well. So that along with [indiscernible] just these proprietary systems that Sandeep’s highlighted, that’s just given us greater confidence in further reducing our costs. We reduced our costs last year in that 15% to 30%, maybe an average of 20%. We think we’ll get to that 10% reduction again this year.
Brian Singer: Great, great. And then my follow up is with regards to well performance. As you see wells outperform, and the improvement in 30 day rates in the Bakken and Eagle Ford was already noted, to what degree should we expect higher EURs from these wells, i.e., if we see that, hey, you’ve got almost double your 30 day oil IP in the Bakken, what type of EUR improvement should that lead to based on the knowledge in your reservoir modeling?
Billy Helms: Yes, Brian, this is Billy Helms. Yes, we’re seeing that -- really the shift to premium has made a huge difference on not only initial production rate but the ultimate recovery we expect from each one of these plays. So you’re right, in general, as time goes on, we’re pleasantly surprised at the uplift we’re seeing in both production and EUR from the plays. And it all gets back to, as Bill and Dave described earlier, the quality of the rock. And of course, all that is driving our finding costs lower, which will ultimately lead to driving our DD&A rate down over time, which is the focus, as Bill mentioned, the focus of the company is getting back to our double-digit ROCEs. So that’s the focus. And it really ties back to focusing on the quality of the rock. That makes all the difference in the world.
Brian Singer: I guess, is there a portion of the increase in 30-day well performance that represents greater depletion as opposed or quicker depletion as a result to it’s all EUR? Or should we assume the same percentage improvement in EUR as we see improvement in 30 day well performance?
Billy Helms: Yes, Brian. This is Billy Helms, again. Yes, I think it’s not always directly proportional, the IP and the EUR. What we’re seeing is longer laterals oftentimes have a little bit suppressed IP relative to shorter laterals just on a length basis. But ultimately the EUR is increasing proportionately to lateral length, and that was a big focus for the company earlier in the year as we tried to go to longer laterals to make sure that our EUR per foot stayed pretty much the same as our previous wells. What we are seeing is just to take that to a next step further, I think by focusing on the quality of the rock and the steering and keeping it in that best rock, in general, the EUR is improving with time relative to the previous non-steered wells. So you’ve got multiple factors there that are working together to give us better results. It’s hard to give you an exact percentage of uplift on IP to EUR, because each plays is a little bit different. But in general, they are going up.
Operator: And we’ll next go to Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Bill, I wonder if I could just start off, actually, with something of a macro question. You’ve kept Slide 26 in your deck, which talks about the new marginal cost of oil at $65 to $75. And I think, obviously, there’s probably some question marks around that right now. What I’m really getting at is your $50 to $60 range for your 15% to 25% growth rate in oil, how are you thinking about that longer term given that, I’m guessing, you’re probably thinking about resetting that Slide 26 deck as well as everybody else? And I’ve got a follow up, please.
Bill Thomas: Yes, at this moment, Doug, we’re not ready to change that guidance. We want to get more well -- well results and see how we line up here. But in general, we feel like our capital efficiency is going up, so we’re able to add more oil with lower cost all the time. And certainly, our breakeven costs are continuing to go down. On that chart you mentioned we’re at 10% -- to get a 10% return, it would take a $30 oil price. And over time, we’ll reevaluate that as we get better.
Doug Leggate: So I guess, it was probably a little bit obtuse question because I guess, what I was really hoping to get out of it was it seems to us that because your well results continue to get better, particularly in Eagle Ford, that 15% to 25% range, the $50 to $60 number has probably come down some. I guess what I’m really trying to get at is are you ready to give us the new deck where you can still achieve that 15% to 25% at $5 lower, for example?
Bill Thomas: Doug, Yes. No, we’re not ready yet to do that. We want to get more data and more time and really make sure that we’re not jumping the gun on that. And -- but certainly, our exploration effort is a big focus for the company. And we’re continuing to look for better and better rock all the time. And as that plays out, as we continue to increase productivity in the existing plays, et cetera, et cetera, we’ll take all that in consideration and update when we feel the right time is.
Doug Leggate: So hopefully that was my first mission. My follow up is, hopefully, a bit quicker. I’m going to take advantage of the fact that you were talking a little bit about the big data again on the call this morning. And really it relates to your exploration efforts. And my question is really about, can you kind of characterize for us, just at a fairly high level, when you’re entering a new play, to what extent is your data set and your data analytics allowing you to almost explore in a play before you drill the well? In other words, high grade the assessment before you actually go in and spend some real money. And I’m just -- in the context of business development because you mentioned that on the call again this morning, I know it’s pretty high level, but I’ll leave there.
Bill Thomas: Yes, that’s certainly an important point. We have multi decades of trial and error and multi decades of core data. And of course, we’ve developed our own proprietary petrophysical models to go along with that core data and multi decades of experimentation with the different types of completion technology. So we have all that data. We incorporate that into each kind of rock type that we’ve tested. And we have learned probably more about how horizontal technology affects tight rocks, particularly in plays of rocks that are non shale, in the last couple of years than we’ve learned in the last 10 years.  So it’s been a very steep learning curve in the last few years. And that preparatory knowledge we were taking this year in a very robust manner to look for new plays. And we believe we have a lead on the industry. And we have a unique opportunity window, particularly this year, to add additional acreage in those kinds of plays. And so we’re -- we have increased exploration spending this year to do that. And so the whole process of gathering that data, collecting that data and analyzing that data has been a huge part of that, and we’re taking that advantage and using it this year.
Operator: We’ll next go to Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey: You’ve got loads of good charts there showing how you’ve got great production growth and cost gains and all the rest of it, but I do notice that your return on capital employed graphic doesn’t have a scale. And further to that I was wondering, and I think my preference is, if I could give you one, would be that you had a rapidly rising return above, perhaps, a little bit less growth, So just a couple of things. First, I’m a bit bewildered by the sheer number of premium locations you’re adding because the inventory is now getting so long, I’m not sure why you would keep adding them unless you’re going to tighten the definition of premium location. And secondly, could we get to a point where you actually begin to aggressively pursue returns growth at $50 a barrel?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Paul. The Slide 7 that I referred to in the script is, I think, an attempt to kind of address some of the questions that you’ve brought up. The premium finding cost is roughly half of what the non-premium is. And so as we continue to focus on premium, we’re about -- last year, we were 50%, this year, we’re 80%. Next year, we’re projecting that 90% of our wells will be premium. And adding that premium finding cost as quickly as possible is very, very important to changing the cost basis of the company. And so higher growth with premium wells will drive the DD&A rate down quicker and help us to generate ROCE numbers more quickly over time. And so that’s what we’re focused on, and we’re focused on doing that with a disciplined cash flow -- spending within cash flow. So we’re adding the premium well reserves as fast as possible within cash flow and that -- and we’re also, of course, focused on cash operating costs. Those are a big part of earnings, too. So -- but again, adding those premium and adding that to the cost basis as quickly as possible within cash flow is the focus, and that’s the way we’re going to get there.
Paul Sankey: I guess, my question is, what is there? So are we looking at a double-digit return on capital employed by 2020 at $50 oil? Can you be more specific?
Bill Thomas: Well, we believe that you can get to double digits at $50, but it will take a bit of time. And we’re a bit hesitant to project the amount of time. It will do that but certainly, directionally, that’s possible, and that’s where we’re headed.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I just think it would be very differentiated if you could achieve that because we haven’t had a history in this industry of returns priority at the same time as the kind of growth that you’re offering. And I think for a company of your scale, once you get to 15% and 20% compound growth in volumes, I’m not sure why you would want to go faster than that. Is that fair?
Bill Thomas: Well, I think the important part of growth now within cash flow as fast as possible is adding those low cost reserves as fast as possible -- so within cash flow. And so that’s what we’re really focused on. I think it’s very important to note that these finding costs for these premium wells that we’re drilling are quite substantially much, much better than the rest of the industry. So if we’re growing faster than the industry, and these are the best wells, the lowest finding costs in the industry, then our ROCE should recover much quickly than the industry.
Paul Sankey: If you don’t mind, there’s a tremendous amount of controversy. If we could look back a little bit at the performance of your wells and the decline rate. Today, there’s a lot of controversy and a new buzz phrase is bubble point. Are you seeing more gas and anything in the decline rates that you’re getting that give rise to any kind of concern about the base that you’re dealing with? And I’ll leave it there.
Billy Helms: Yes, Paul, this is Billy Helms. Yes, let me first start off by reminding everybody that we drilled over 5,000 horizontal oil wells in multiple basins, different plays, different target intervals and, more importantly, different rock types. As we’ve mentioned, the quality of the rock is extremely important, not only in their recovery but also in how the gas breaks out of solution. So there’s a lot of things that go into determining the GOR -- lifetime GOR for the play, and we take a particular note of that. And with our history and all the data we’ve collected, we have a lot of insight into what drives that. Of course, in particular, in the Delaware Basin, it’s highly over-pressured. And -- is one point, but also the type of rock we drill in and the core size that each rock type has also drives the GOR. So those are important points to make. Having said all that, what we are seeing is that the performance of our wells is adhering very well to the type curves that we use to build our forecasts on. And we’re not seeing a degradation in reserves or break out of gas over and above what we’ve already forecast. So I’d say, our wells are performing as we built our type curves, either performing or exceeding our type curves in most cases.
Operator: And we’ll next go to Charles Meade of Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: I wondered if I could go back to some of Gary’s prepared comments and make sure I heard them correctly and interpreted them well. Gary, did I hear properly that, for the first half of ‘17, you completed 243 wells versus the plan of 280? And if that is right, I guess it would make your first half performance even more impressive. And is there a catch up that you have planned in the back half of ‘17?
Gary Thomas: No, Charles. Sorry, but I didn’t speak clearly. We’ve completed 243 net wells of the planned 480 net for 2017. So we’re about halfway there.
Charles Meade: And then a second thing, if I could ask about the Neptune wells that Billy Helms spoke about. And I guess, the question is, are those the same Neptune wells that made the appearance on your list of the top 16 of the 20 wells by peak oil month. And if they are, those are Bone Springs wells, does that indicate a possible step change in what you’re seeing in the Bone Springs?
Billy Helms: Yes, Charles. This is Billy Helms. Those Neptune wells are the Bone Springs wells. And we are seeing some really outstanding performance in Bone Springs. And as you know, generally, we’ve typically been drilling the Wolfcamp intervals first, mainly because it’s deeper. It’s also highly productive but deeper. And it gives us a lot of the insight into geologically what’s happening in the Bone Springs. And these wells are drilled using that knowledge, but also the targeting technology that we’ve gained. So we’re getting some outstanding results from those wells.
Charles Meade: Does that change? I mean, I think everything else on that list of those top wells is all -- I think most impressive is Wolfcamp. Is this a step-change that Bone Springs could maybe be half [indiscernible]?
Billy Helms: Yes, I think the Bone Springs is meeting or exceeding our expectations. I don’t know if it’s a step-change in what we thought. We’ve always recognized the Bone Springs as a highly prolific zone. I think what you’re seeing is, this year, we are completing more than we had in previous years. And it does get down to the rock quality and how you select your targets, and those improvements that we made in that. So I don’t think it’s anything that we didn’t expect to have happen. I think the Bone Springs is highly prolific. But having said that, I think the Bone Springs -- important to also say, the Bone Springs is a highly stratigraphic play. And it’s not going to be the same everywhere. So you can’t extrapolate the results across the entire basin. And I think I made that point in the opening comments is every one of these play intervals are unique to a certain area. And you can’t expect results across the entire basin similar to these wells.
Operator: We’ll next go Bob Morris of Citi. With no response, we’ll move on to Paul Grigel of Macquarie.
Paul Grigel: Focusing in on the takeaway comments you made, specific on the Delaware Basin, starting with natural gas there. Can you provide more detail on what some of those key takeaway points are that you’re looking at outside of the basin once you’ve gathered the gas on your system?
Lance Terveen: Paul, its Lance. To us, the most important thing is diversification. So we hold some legacy transport that goes to the Southern California and Arizona markets. We’ve also [indiscernible] in capacity to the Gulf Coast. So as you think about the capacity, and we talked about the plant capacity, we’ll have transportation that goes all the way kind of into the Waha Hub. And then from there, we have takeaway that can go into either one of those the markets, whether it’s in the Sou Cal, Phoenix markets and also into the Gulf Coast.
Paul Grigel: And that’s firm capacity that you guys actually either have ownership or have control over?
Lance Terveen: Yes, sir.
Paul Grigel : Okay. And then, I guess, turning onto oil on the takeaway capacity from the Permian as well. A two part one, just one, as you guys look at new options coming on? Do you see it happening in, you mentioned early ‘18? Is there a continued growth through ‘18 that you see you can get on? And then second, with the addition of the mid Cush differentials that you guys examined there, how does that fit into both the broader takeaway strategy, but then also into a broader hedging strategy, given 2018 doesn’t have any oil hedges at this point in time, what would you guys need to see there?
Lance Terveen : Yes, I mean, the President mentioned in the prepared comments, we’re going to have the optionality to go to all the markets on the Gulf. Whether -- we have transportation and we’re going to hum going through Corpus, going through Cushing and also into the Houston markets. But what you’re seeing with the Mid Cush Basis Swaps, that’s really just complementing our transportation capacity that we have. So the way we think about that, we’ve got a certain amount of production that we sell at the lease. We also sell to local refiners that are in that area. They’re very good customers. So we’re going to always continue to have sales in Midland kind of based off the Mid-Cush index. So we just felt that the Mid Cush Basis Swaps were just very complementary to our transportation. And really, when you think about it, I mean, a dollar back of WTI, what you’re starting to even see today, even when you look at September, it’s trading more than $1.50 back. So -- which is [Indiscernible] as being very prudent to have some protection on a portion of the volumes that we’re going to have left in the Midland market.
Paul Grigel: Okay, and how does that -- and maybe this is for Tim, but how does that fit into the broader hedging strategy just on crude overall for you guys? Or how do you think about that at this point in time?
Gary Thomas: Yes, Paul. We always just look at that on a going forward opportunistic basis, and we’re -- fundamentally, what we see in the numbers is the market is still too bearish and the forward curve is flattish at best. So we’ll just continue to watch it over time. We would love to have up to 50% of our oil heads going into 2018, but we’ll just have to kind of look and see what the fundamentals are telling us and then make those decisions as we see opportunities arise.
Operator: We’ll go to James Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors.
James Sullivan: You guys went through this kind of basin by basin in the prepared remarks, but are you -- could you just, kind of a housekeeping, quantify the percentage or the number of total wells turned in line in the first half that were vintage DUCs. Just trying to figure out the percentage of not -- of wells those are not drilled with the new technology that were contributing to first half?
Bill Thomas: The number of completions that we brought on were 233. It’s probably roughly 25% of the wells in the first half were DUCs.
James Sullivan: Okay. Great. That’s perfect, just what I was looking for. And then second question was a little bit of a macro topic, I was wondering if I could pick your brain on this, given your market knowledge. And the topic is the average API gravity will be produced, especially out of these growth, unconventional basins and this kind of hasn’t been talked about much. You guys talked about it back in 2013 to make the point that you were producing black oil, while others in the Eagle Ford were largely producing condensate-range material. That issue has kind of gone away with the up and down in unconventional budgeting since the oil swoon here and with the lifting of the export ban. And I know you guys don’t produce -- participate really in the crude export market, but can you characterize whether you, at all, foresee a problem marketing, and let’s just choose a gravity like incremental 45-degree API gravity oil, in the Gulf Coast in the next 2 years? Is this a problem that’s on your radar at all? Or are you not worried about it?
Lance Terveen: James, this is Lance. We feel like we’ve always been a first mover, whether in the Bakken and also in the Eagle Ford, segregating our crude. But when you look at the Delaware Basin, what we’re seeing with the gathering system and the terminal that we’re going to have, we’re going to be able to keep our crude segregated or move it. And what you’re seeing from a lot of the midstream companies is end segregations. We’re not going to see any degradation that we’re seeing today in terms of how you think about it an API quality, whether it’s a $45 to a $50, we’re not seeing any of that downstream.
Operator: We’ll go to David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
David Heikkinen: We’ve been thinking a lot more about how investors can see your results flow into really upstream financial reporting. You just kind of hit on the capital employed that’s holding back double-digit returns because of the base. Can you talk about, maybe by the end of ‘18, how much of your base will be premium locations with those lower [F&B] and better return?
Bill Thomas: David, the I don’t think we have a number that we can give you other than to say that, as oil prices and cash flow improve, we’ll be able to drill more wells. And as our capital efficiency improves, we’ll be able to drill more wells. And then next year, the percent of premium wells goes from 80% this year to 90% next year. So we’ll just have more and more premium wells every year as we go forward. And that isn’t really, as you noted, that’s important to changing our cost basis, getting those low-cost finding cost reserves into our base.
David Heikkinen: Maybe another way to look that we’ve been thinking about is in your reserve report. The 2016 and 2017 premium locations, will we see an improvement in additions and revisions or mainly additions?
Bill Thomas: Mainly, yes. David, it will be mainly in additions. I don’t think you’ll see a lot of revisions. We don’t expect any major revisions. I think you’ll see mainly additions from the new adds continuing to increase. I think the other way to think about that, too, is the overall company production base will become larger, made up -- more largely made up of the volume from the new programs and certainly that’ll help drive returns as well.
David Heikkinen: Just one more question on this, I really do appreciate it. And then on the future development costs given you guys have had a trend of sustainably lowering well costs, should we see a downward trend on future development costs on your reserve report?
Bill Thomas: Yes, I would think so. I think you would see that start to affect our reserve report over time as well.
Operator: That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I will now hand back to Mr. Thomas for any closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thank you. In closing, our second quarter results were outstanding due to the excellent work by every EOG employee, and we certainly thank each one of them. And we look forward to continuing to lowering costs, improving well productivity and testing new plays in the second half of this year. We’re laser focused on adding low cost reserves within cash flow to improve EOG’s bottom line and to create long-term shareholder value. So thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference call. We thank you all for participating. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc. William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Sandeep Bhakhri - EOG Resources, Inc. Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc. David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C. Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources 2017 First Quarter Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2017 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risk associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production, Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing Operations; Sandeep Bhakhri, Senior VP and Chief Information and Technology Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included guidance for the second quarter and full year 2017 in yesterday's press release. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review first quarter highlights followed by a few remarks from Sandeep Bhakhri on EOG's technology driven culture. Gary Thomas, Billy Helms and David Trice will then discuss operational results. I'll discuss EOG's financials and capital structure and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks Tim. Our first quarter performance was a great start to the year. We beat our production targets and are on track to grow oil production 18% this year. As you may recall, last year we made a permanent shift to premium drilling which means that new wells must earn a minimum total weighted 30% return on direct drilling and completion capital at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Our shift to premium drilling is the reason we can deliver high return double digit oil growth this year within cash flow including the dividend. Last quarter we talked about delivering this year's growth at $50 oil. We now believe we can deliver 18% oil growth within cash flow at $47 oil, a record for the company. Our premium strategy clearly sets EOG apart as one of the most capital efficient and lowest cost U.S. horizontal drillers. Our focus on growing low cost premium production will continue to drive down breakeven costs and strengthen our bottom line over time. Highlights from the first quarter include, one, both U.S. and total oil production beat the high end of our forecasts. Two, we increased our premium resource potential by 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent by converting 1,200 locations to premium for new total of 6.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent and 7,200 locations. That's a 27% increase in premium resource potential and 15 years of premium drilling at our current pace. Three, our Delaware Basin Whirling Wind wells set an industry all-time horizontal production record for the Permian Basin. Four, we continued to lower well costs in all our major plays and we are lowering full year operating cost guidance. And number five, the first quarter drilling program generated more than 70% direct after-tax rate of return. Generating high returns in today's price environment is a testament to the power of premium. It's also a testament, or rather the result of EOG's rate of return driven culture. When your entire team from entry-level professionals to executive management are incentivized by returns, as they are at EOG, it drives innovation. Innovative thinking is why EOG is consistently a first mover into brand new plays, delivering the best performing wells in the industry for the lowest cost in the industry. EOG was one of the first to both horizontally drill and hydraulically fracture the Barnett and the Bakken; the first to figure out that we can coax oil from extremely tight shale rock, leading to our second to none acreage position the Eagle Ford; the first to understand the benefits of complex near wellbore fractures versus biwing fractures; and the first to deploy high density completions and precision targeting that enables EOG to consistently deliver premium well performance. EOG's innovative culture incorporates rigorous geoscience, petrophysics and cutting-edge engineering in order to achieve return-focused technical advancements. Science and engineering of course requires data. 10 years ago, that data was analyzed using over-engineered spreadsheets. Today, we employ sophisticated analytics using our vast collection of data and technology tools that have been developed in-house at EOG. Now I'd like to introduce Sandeep Bhakhri, our Chief Information and Technology Officer. Sandeep has been with EOG 25 years on the front lines of EOG's information technology evolution. He will go into more detail on how EOG is using data science tools and mobile technology to enable faster innovation throughout the company.
Sandeep Bhakhri - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everybody. We've received a lot of questions recently on our in-house information technology, our proprietary data marts and apps, and especially our use of big data and data science. I'd like to walk you through our evolution and explain how our approach is different than most and why we have three key competitive advantages that cannot be easily replicated. The first competitive advantages is data. Data is king and one of our most valuable resources, and there are two pieces to it. One, you need comprehensive, integrated and easily accessible data sets, and two, you have to own the data. You cannot outsource its collection, analysis or delivery. EOG probably has the largest, most comprehensive and integrated data sets of any unconventional operator, having collected detailed data from more than 5,000 horizontal oil wells that we have drilled in almost every major unconventional play in the United States. The second advantage is data delivery. Data delivery is key to effective decision making. Data needs to be available 24/7, anytime, anywhere in easy to use software tools. Over the past 25 years, we have built successive generations of fit for purpose software tools such that today, EOG has a suite of best in class data delivery systems consisting of 65-plus software applications covering virtually every functional area of the business. These tools power our decision making, delivering raw, analyzed and learned data 24/7, anytime, anywhere. And our most important advantage, we have been doing this a very long time, almost three decades. It's simply part of our culture. Without a culture of innovation and continual learning, technology cannot thrive. And without world class technology, innovation and learning cannot happen. It's a virtuous cycle. Culture and technology aren't built overnight. If you haven't been doing both for a long time, you will have no source of a sustainable competitive advantage. Let me give you a little history. When I say we've been doing this a long time, I mean since the early 1990s. The cost saving trend at that time was to outsource information technology. EOG initially followed suit, but soon thereafter recognized the strategic mission-critical importance of IT and we decided to bring it back in-house. Rather than implement one size fits all behemoth back office systems in vogue at that time, we instead opted to customize and maintain our own accounting system. Then in 2000, the dot-com boom was in full swing and investments in technology allowed us to tackle our first major IT-enabled transformation, namely, to reduce organizational friction for data access. We call this answering the what question. For example, what is the current production of this well, what is the cost of this well, et cetera, et cetera. We built 10 web-based self-service applications, eliminating the need for employees to ask each other what questions and to instead focus on why and how questions. Using IT to help answer the why and how questions became even more important in 2010. The catalyst was the explosion of data and data analysis that was the Eagle Ford. EOG's development of the Eagle Ford generated orders of magnitude more data than at any other time in EOG's past, creating an ever-increasing need to have access to this data and analyze it ASAP. Our completion engineers were experimenting with completion designs for every well and sometimes every stage while our production engineers were analyzing high frequency production and pressure data from all our wells over our increasingly vast wireless field communications footprint. Third-party data collection tools were not keeping up with our demand. This was the start of our data collection and data storage initiatives that led to our eight huge proprietary integrated data marts that now house data across virtually every functional area of our business. We believe they are the most comprehensive collection of integrated unconventional oil and gas data sets in the industry. Simultaneously, they began data delivery initiatives that resulted in over 45 desktop applications that were fit for purpose custom tools accessing our ever-growing proprietary data marts. The very first in 2008 was a reservoir analysis tool with custom algorithms that allow our reservoir engineers to analyze well performance in a significantly shorter time than standard decline curve analysis. Since then, EOG has built a comprehensive suite of world class commercial grade apps that address every functional area of our business. Combined, our eight proprietary data marts and our 45-plus desktop applications help EOG engineers answer the why and how questions more quickly than ever before, which in turn shows up as superior well performance, lower cost and innovative exploration ideas. Our latest technology evolution began two years ago with our move to real-time data collection and mobile data delivery systems. While we were already getting production data real-time, we built custom black boxes to retrieve real-time data from every rig and every completion spread. This in turn spurred the need for mobile versions of our existing apps. In two short years, we have developed what we believe to be 20 of the most sophisticated mobile applications in the oil and gas business. We did it quickly by leveraging our existing proprietary data marts as well as our wireless communication footprint. Real-time data and our mobile apps are a major productivity game changer. People at EOG are connected 24/7, anytime, anywhere to the same data. We call it having a control room in your pocket. Add to this our culture of bottom-up decision making that doesn't require multiple layers of approvals and you have an environment of accelerated analysis, innovation and change at the speed of thought. In a moment, David Trice will share a new drilling record reach in the first quarter using one of the toolkits we built in-house for precision targeting using mobile access to real-time data. So what's next? How do big data and data science fit into our competitive advantage? It's actually very simple. The incoming real-time data is richer in meaning and significantly larger in volume, and therefore requires newer technologies to efficiently store, organize and access this data. Enter big data technologies. And the larger and more multidimensional our data gets, it becomes imperative to revamp our traditional analytical engines. Enter data science. Big data technologies allow us to solve problems in fractions of the time it took with traditional technologies. And data science, or machine learning or predictive analytics are a perfect fit for the rich and variable data sets that resulted from the constant experimentation and learning that is EOG. To sum up, number one, we believe EOG has the richest, most comprehensive integrated data sets in the world for unconventional oil and gas powered by the latest data technologies. Number two, we believe EOG has the most comprehensive suite of proprietary, custom built, fit for purpose tools delivering data 24/7, anytime, anywhere, be it raw, analyzed or learned. And number three, number one and number two are possible because of, and enhanced by, our unique culture of innovation and learning. Thank you very much, and next is Gary Thomas to review our operations performance for the quarter.
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you, Sandeep. Last quarter, I talked about our cost reduction targets for 2017 and sources of savings we expected would offset tightening in the oil field services market and potential inflation. I'm pleased to report that we are on course to reach our cost reduction goals for the year, and in some basins, we've already achieved the targets set at the start of the year. During the first quarter, EOG continued to reduce costs throughout our operations. Delaware Basin completed well costs averaged $7.8 million during the first quarter, an 8% reduction from 2016. $7.8 million was our original 2017 cost target for this play, so we've set a new lower target of $7.6 million. Eagle Ford well cost in the first quarter declined 4% from the 2016 average of $4.5 million, which is already half way to our target of $4.3 million. In the Bakken, we reduced well costs 6% to $4.8 million, which is more than half way to our $4.8 million target. We updated our cash operating costs guidance for the year and in total, we expect it to be lower than initially forecast. On the production side, we beat the high end of our forecast in almost every category. Our teams working each play are executing according to schedule and plan, and the production beats are being driven by well results that continued to exceed expectations. Another notable item regarding our updated 2017 guidance, we now expect to average 26 rigs in 2017, which is three more than our initial plan for the same amount of capital. That's further testament to how ongoing cost reductions and well productivity improvement continue to drive record capital efficiency. Even with additional rigs, we are not yet changing our target to complete 480 net wells this early in the year. Additional rigs provide flexibility to our operations and allow us to reduce production lumpiness that results from developing larger multi-well pads. Several of our rigs are on well-to-well contracts, so we have the flexibility to increase or decrease wells as we monitor the macro environment and respond accordingly. I'll turn the call over to Billy Helms, who will provide you an update on our Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. The Eagle Ford continues to deliver solid results. This world class play is increasingly being developed with larger multi-well pads, where we continue to achieve efficiency improvements that are helping to drive down costs. Our acreage is currently 97% held by production and by the end of the year we expect it to be 99%. As a result, we have even more flexibility to optimize operations using multi-well pads. We are also ringing out additional drilling efficiencies through innovative operations such as offline cementing. Improvements to drilling and completions that speed our time to first production not only lowers costs but also minimizes the impact to volumes due to downtime from nearby well shut-ins. Through a combination of cost reductions, longer laterals and advancements in precision targeting, we converted 500 net wells in our Eagle Ford inventory to premium status this quarter. That's more than two times the number of Eagle Ford wells we are completing in 2017. The total premium net count, net location count is now 2,425, representing more than 10 years of high return inventory. In addition, our G&G team continues to refine our targeting model to identify the optimal lateral placement and development spacing. With over 0.5 million acres, we have much left to understand and explore. The play changes significantly throughout our acreage, and we are working hard to delineate where the Lower Eagle Ford may have two distinct targets, and where the quality of the Upper Eagle Ford is high enough to produce premium wells. Delaware Basin is arguably the most prolific tight well play in North America, and EOG continues to deliver the best well results in the industry. See slides 13 through 15 in our investor presentation for an update. We produced a number of competing headlines with our first quarter performance to lead off this discussion. First, the performance of our Whirling Wind wells in Lea County generated record setting results. This package of full wells averaged 30-day IPs of 3,510 barrels of oil per day each from laterals that averaged about 7,100 feet. While all four may have individually set an all-time record, the Whirling Wind 11 Fed Com #704H topped the list at 6,230 barrels of oil equivalent per day, or more specifically 4,350 barrels of oil per day plus 845 barrels of NGLs and 6.2 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. The 24-hour IP was a staggering 8,990 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We're certain this sets a new horizontal record for the entire Permian Basin. Take a look at slide 14 of our investor presentation. Had the Whirling Wind wells not existed, the spotlight would have been on an exceptional Lea County three-well package also completed during the first quarter. The Braswell 16 State Com #707H through #709H 30-day IPs averaged 3,080 barrels of oil equivalent per day each, and notably, these wells were drilled using shorter 4,300 foot laterals. Our shift to premium has led to increased activity in the Delaware Basin this year, which is delivering overall outstanding results. EOG completed 33 Wolfcamp wells in the first quarter of 2017. Impressively, 27 of those wells exhibited 30-day IPs in excess of 2,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Operationally, our Delaware Basin continues to deliver record setting results. As Gary mentioned, completed well costs in the first quarter have already met the target set for the year, and drilling shaved off a full day from spud to total depth compared to the 2016 average. In addition, the capital directed towards facilities and infrastructure is delivering solid results by lowering both our direct well cost as well as achieving lower production cost. This long-term infrastructure plan provides the ability to cost effectively manage both our needs for water to drill and complete our wells, but also handle the produced water volumes from these prolific wells. Our water plan also includes an increase in the amount of water we recycle for use in the drilling and completion process. This investment in infrastructure has allowed our Delaware Basin wells to have the lowest operating cost of any of our oil producing assets in the entire company. All these efforts allowed us to convert another 700 net locations in our Delaware Basin inventory to premium status. Between the Wolfcamp, Second Bone Springs and the Leonard, our Delaware Basin acreage now holds a total of 4,150 premium net locations, providing more than 20 years of high return drilling inventory. Our exploration team continues to unravel the heterogeneity and complexity of the Delaware Basin's mile-deep column, and we expect to test additional target intervals this year. As we have discussed in the past, a thorough understanding of the lithology, along with EOG's precise targeting capability is a major reason for these outstanding well performance results. Based on early test results, we expect these additional intervals to provide EOG peer-leading results across the basin. In summary, the additional premium well locations in both the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin have replaced our forecasted 2017 drilling program 2.5 times just one quarter into the year. Here's David Trice to review the progress we made in the Austin Chalk and our Rockies, Bakken and international activity.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. We completed five more wells in the Austin Chalk during the first quarter, producing excellent results consistent with the well performance we achieved last June. Our Austin Chalk completed well costs are already averaging a low $5.2 million per well, delivering premium economics. These five wells produced an average per well 30-day initial rate of over 2,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day from an average lateral of 5,700 feet. The 19 Austin Chalk wells we've drilled to date along with additional core taken during the first quarter has provided tremendous insight into the Austin Chalk depositional model and reservoir characteristics on our acreage. We are still learning about the Austin Chalk and its potential. For this reason, we are not yet ready to give a resource estimate for this prolific target. In the Bakken, we continued to draw down our inventory of uncompleted wells in the first quarter. Even when loaded with higher historical drilling cost, these wells have a low average completed well cost of $4.8 million for 8,400 feet of treated lateral. During the first quarter, we completed three new wells in our Bakken Lite area using high-density completions for the first time, two of these wells targeted the Bakken interval and one targeted the Three Forks. The Ross 42, 43 and 106 came online with an average per well 30-day rate of almost 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day with a completed well cost of only $4.6 million for an average lateral of 7,700 feet. These wells are premium. With continued success in the Bakken Lite area, we could add to our Bakken premium inventory over time. While most of the completion activity was in the Bakken during the first quarter, we continued to make premium wells in the Wyoming DJ and Powder River Basin. In the DJ Basin, we brought online nine Codell wells in the first quarter. While the 30-day IPs on these wells are not flashy, averaging 710 barrels of oil equivalent per day each on 8,600 foot laterals, the production is flat and the well cost continues to rapidly fall. Normalized to 9,000 feet, DJ Basin well costs are just $4.5 million. In addition, we set some new drilling records in the Codell. The Pole Creek 531-2536H was drilled to a total measured depth of almost 18,000 feet in only three days. With a drilled lateral of nearly 9,000 feet, the average rate of penetration in the lateral was over 7,800 feet per day and was drilled 100% in zone even though the target window was only 10 feet. This accomplishment was the direct result of EOG's performance-driven culture and integration of drilling technology, real-time data delivery and in-house software applications. Our geosteering and drilling software serves our needs better than any third-party applications available on the market today. Our geosteering team can receive a real-time feed of EOG data directly into our software to interpret and integrate with offset well control and seismic data. All this information can be viewed and interpreted on a desktop or mobile application, so everyone associated with the well are in constant communication and can collaborate regardless of where they're located. It's essentially a distributed control room. The benefits are immediately visible as lower cost and better well performance. Furthermore, even though the Pole Creek 531 was the record well, two other wells on the same pad were drilled in 3.5 days, demonstrating the ability to consistently perform at a high level. In the Powder River Basin, we continue to delineate and analyze this large and complex basin. While completions were limited in the first quarter, the results are consistently premium. We completed five wells averaging 1,160 barrels of oil equivalent per day on 4,900 foot laterals. Three of the five wells were legacy untargeted Yates wells, but with the well costs so low, they are premium. Normalized at 8,000 feet, the Powder River Basin completed well cost averaged only $5 million. We look forward to a more active program in the Powder River Basin throughout the remainder of 2017 and beyond as we continue to block up acreage on our current plays and explore for new plays in this resource-rich basin. In Trinidad, we completed our five-well program for the Sercan joint venture project, bringing the remaining four gross wells online during the first part of the year. The successful project came in under cost and produced the well rates ranging from 20 million to 120 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. For the remainder of 2017, we are on target to drill at least four more offshore Trinidad wells in other project areas. In addition, we recently finished a state of the art ocean bottom nodal, or OBN, seismic survey with a JV partner and expect final data to be delivered by the first quarter of 2018. This new seismic will allow us to identify new prospects to supplement our future drilling plans. We are also in the final stages of negotiating terms of the new gas contract with National Gas Company of Trinidad and Tobago that would provide price certainty on future gas volumes. In conjunction with this gas contract, EOG has committed to a new proprietary OBN seismic survey over its SECC block that will set up new prospects on EOG acreage for 2019 and beyond. With this new gas contract and new seismic survey, we expect to be busy drilling premium wells and maintaining our gas production in Trinidad for many years to come. In the East Irish Sea, we are not anticipating any oil lifting to Conwy during the second quarter due to some ongoing facility issues. Full production rates are expected to resume sometime in the third quarter. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. We're on track for the first quarter, investing approximately one quarter of our 2017 forecasted capital expenditures. Total exploration and development expenditures for the first quarter were $966 million, including facilities of $148 million and excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $34 million. Capitalized interest for the first quarter 2017 was $7 million. At quarter end, total debt outstanding was $7 billion for a debt to total capitalization ratio of 33%. Considering $1.5 billion of cash on hand at March 31, net debt to total capital was 28%. In the first quarter of 2017, total impairments were $193 million. Impairments to proved properties of $138 million were primarily the result of a write-down to fair value of legacy natural gas assets. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 28% and the deferred tax ratio was 6%. Yesterday we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the second quarter and full year 2017. Our 2017 CapEx estimate remains unchanged at $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion excluding acquisitions. The exploration and development portion, excluding facilities, will account for about 81% of the total CapEx budget. The budget for exploration and development facilities and gathering, processing and other accounts for approximately 19% of the total CapEx budget for 2017. We plan to concentrate our infrastructure spending in the Eagle Ford, Delaware Basin and Rockies to support our drilling programs in those areas and enhance operating efficiencies. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. In closing, I'll leave you with a few important points. First, EOG's Delaware Basin acreage position and results are proving to be the best in the industry. Our record setting wells and ongoing cost reduction are generating the best capital returns and delivering the highest capital efficiency in the Permian Basin. Second, we're not just a Permian company. We are achieving premium returns and oil growth in five core plays. Every core play continues to get better and provides EOG with the largest and highest quality horizontal asset base in North America, with decades of high return growth potential. Third, as we discussed today, EOG continues to be the leader in horizontal technology. Our culture thrives on innovation, and we develop new ideas time and time again. With our extensive proprietary databases and sophisticated analytics, we are turning out new innovative ideas rapidly. We believe we are extending our leading technology faster than ever before. EOG's culture and technology advancement are a sustainable competitive advantage. Fourth, we're on track to deliver high return oil growth within cash flow. We said last quarter that we could deliver 18% oil growth within cash flow at $50 oil. With our increased confidence in cost reduction, we now believe we can deliver that 18% growth within cash flow including the dividend with $47 oil. As more and more of the low cost premium wells are brought online, our bottom line breakeven will continue to improve over time. And finally, EOG is on target to achieve our 2020 vision and to accomplish the following four goals: first, to be the U.S. leader in return on capital employed; second, to be the U.S. oil growth leader; third, to be among the lowest cost producers in the global oil market; and fourth, commitment to safety and the environment. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A. Kim?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today will come from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I wanted to get a bit more color on the Eagle Ford. Slide 40 shows the productivity both in both the east and the west, and you talked in your prepared comments to a number of returns-enhancing initiatives via cost reductions. If we look at, from a well productivity perspective when you take into account the benefits of targeting and data analytics that you discussed, what are your expectations for how 2017 and perhaps 2018 wells could look like in the context of slide 40? How much additional room do you see for further well productivity gains, specifically in the Eagle Ford?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: So yes, Brian. This is Billy Helms. Yes, in 2017, we don't have it on the chart, as you mentioned, but what we're seeing is we're delivering consistently better and better wells in every one of our areas. On the chart we show producing days of 360 days. We don't yet, being this early in the year, we don't yet have that many days of production on our 2017 wells. That's why the slide is not updated. But generally, what we're seeing is improving well performance even though in some areas, we're offsetting some depletion in some of the patterns that we're drilling. But overall, the targeting and the high density completions are continuing to improve our well performance. In addition, we are moving, as you noted, we're moving to more and longer laterals in our patterns, and that in addition is generating overall higher EURs per well. So I think we're pretty pleased. It's still early yet to say where that's heading, but we're excited about what we're seeing to date.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. And my follow-up is with regards to the CapEx budget and guidance for the year. As you mentioned, you added three rigs but no additional completion activity. Can you add a bit more color on what seems like is a build-up by the end of the year in uncompleted inventory and what you would want to see or need to see to begin to complete those wells?
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Brian, this is Gary. And as you said, yes, we continue to reduce our costs. So we'll drill more wells with the same CapEx guidance. We depleted our uncompleted inventory last year, and now we're just building that premium inventory. And previously, we would drill two to three-well pads. Now we're drilling five to six-well pads. With more wells per pad, that just means that we have fewer overall pads and fewer options or locations for our frac fleets. And this could be a problem if we can't find a pad to move on for some reason. So we just needed the additional pads, which means more wells for each frac fleet. Thankfully our well costs are really low, so that's just a low cost insurance for flexibility and optionality. And it's still too early in the year and oil prices are too volatile to make adjustments to our guidance. But if we can adjust readily and we can lay down rigs, we can add inventory or we can add more completions. But just our primary focus is to invest within cash flow and the highest return premium wells.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you and good morning everybody. Bill, I wonder if I could take a follow-up to that. I guess it's kind of a philosophical question given oil is back at $46 or something like that today. You're clearly the most efficient operator in the industry. There's no question about that. But my question is what's your appetite for a 15% to 25% growth rate in this environment? Because you're giving up some of the best wells in the industry and for one of the lowest oil price environments. And I guess what's behind my question is, while you're obviously best of the best I guess within the sector, your return on capital employed last year was still in negative territory. So I guess my question is, what's the rush in a $46 world despite the quality of the inventory. And I've got a follow-up specifically to Whirling Wind, please.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Doug, the returns we're getting on these premium wells at $50 in, at $45 is very, very strong. It's in the $40 to $50, $60-plus in the first quarter, we were at 70% rate of return. So we feel like the economics of the wells even at low oil prices is extremely strong and the right call for the shareholders to continue to reinvest in those. We also have a very strong confidence. You heard us talk about this over the years that we can replace that inventory much, much faster than we're drilling it, so we don't believe we're spending our best wells in the lowest oil price. We believe that our wells actually will continue to improve over time as we continue to find better rock and apply new technologies. So our commitment is to grow within cash flow and to grow at very, very high return capital reinvestment rates and we believe that's the way to build shareholder value.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. I was wondering at first, could you provide some color on which intervals were contained in the 700 premium locations that were added in the Delaware Basin? I mean it seems like you had good results in several different intervals, so I'm just wondering if we could get a little color there.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes. Jeff, this is Billy Helms. On the increase there in the Delaware Basin, the majority of those are in the Wolfcamp. Of the 700 we added in the Delaware Basin, 425 were in the Wolfcamp and the remainder there in the Bone Springs and the Leonard. So the majority of it was driven by the Wolfcamp.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And as a follow-up, in the Powder River Basin, the lateral lengths were fairly short this quarter relative to most of the other intervals developed during first quarter 2017. I'm just wondering if there is any color on that. Was it determined by lease geometry? Are you working towards increasing lateral length over the rest of the year?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, this is David. In the Powder River as we noted, three of the five that we brought online were legacy Yates wells and they were short laterals. And then we do on occasion drill some of the shorter laterals due to lease issues but really on a go-forward basis, we're planning in the Powder to be drilling all two-mile laterals. So that's what you'll see in the majority of the laterals in the future.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Subash Chandra from Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yes. Hi. So this quarter, a lot of Delaware operators are talking about what pads might look like in development. Could you discuss where you are in that transition, if the wells we're seeing right now are pretty representative of what they might look like in future years? Or will there be a dramatic change in how you go about developing the stack in Delaware?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Subash. This is Billy Helms. So in the Delaware Basin, I'd say we're still in the early innings of trying to develop our multi-well pads. We're testing largely, as you know, the Wolfcamp interval to start with and we've still got a lot of horizons to test, both most of which are above the Wolfcamp. And so we're looking at what is the optimal way to increase our well count in this area and ultimately end up with a greater number of wells in each section or spacing unit that we drill. But recently I think right now we're probably drilling on average three or four wells per pad initially, and we're coming back in behind that with additional development.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: And I think in your intro comments you talked about EOG's experience in understanding density and well interference in prior plays, so is your gut feel that in development that you'll need to pull back on completion intensity, avoid pressure sinks and that sort of thing when you look at your prior experience elsewhere?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Subash. This is Billy Helms again. I'd say we haven't seen that occur yet. We're continuing to optimize the spacing and completion design for every interval. Each interval is uniquely designed with the data that we collect that we've talked about and all of our tools that we use to analyze what is the best and most optimal way to develop each zone. So we haven't yet seen a limitation on how we space the wells or how we design our frac treatments. I'd say they're more customized. There's not a one size fits all I guess is the way I'd think about that. They're all optimized. I'd say we're still testing downspacing in several areas. Our resource assessment is based on our most recent analysis, but we're testing those and pushing the limits as we speak.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. The point on longer lateral lengths, obviously you're extending them in the Eagle Ford as well as the Permian. Can you discuss, specifically with the Permian where there seems to be a pretty big opportunity as you look forward, how much blocking and tackling is there yet to do on bolting on acreage? And where do you ultimately think that could end up?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: The Permian, we have been historically in the years past 4,500 to 5,000 foot. I think the average lateral length this year is about 7,000 foot, and we continue to put acreage positions or bolt on acreage positions. We're trading acreage with other operators and consolidating positions to help us to continue to extend those laterals even further. So I think it will grow incrementally over time. It may not be the 10,000-plus lateral lengths like we've done in some of the other plays, but it will continue to improve and get better over time. The uplift on the economics is pretty dramatic on the longer laterals because they don't cost near as much, and so you get a big uplift on the economics and the returns on the longer laterals. And we've been able to, I think the most important thing, with our precision targeting technology and identifying the best rock and our ability to keep that bit in the best rock the entire lateral length, has allowed us to continue to have the same productivity per foot on the longer laterals as we do on the shorter ones. So if a long lateral is twice as long, we actually get twice as much oil. So that's a big technology gain that we've made just recently.
Operator: We'll go next to Irene Haas from Wunderlich.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hey. Good morning. Congratulation on the Whirling Wind wells. They're truly impressive. Just wondering if they are from the Upper Wolfcamp. And then what is driving the performance? Is it the completion techniques, geosteering of better rocks? And can this be replicated over a large area?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Irene. This is Billy Helms. So those Whirling Wind wells are drilled in the Upper Wolfcamp, and what really led to the high production rates that we've seen is a combination of several things that we've talked about. And I see it leads off with understanding the geology and understanding where the best rock is and then being able to keep the target in that best rock throughout the length of the lateral, and these are over 7,000 foot laterals. And then combining that with the high density completion technology that we continue to advance, those, the combination of things is what led to that production increase, and we don't think we've reached the peak of that knowledge yet. We think we still have advancements that will continue to drive productivity increases throughout the play. Every play, the geology changes across the basin, so every location won't be exactly like the Whirling Wind wells, but there's still a lot of potential for improvement across the play.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: So should we expect sort of a more spectacular flow rate as such in the future, maybe from slightly different geographic area? Can this be replicated?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Irene, I wouldn't say that we'll continue to set record after record after record every well we drill, but I'd say the uplift on the overall program will continue to increase and I think, one thing that I think I would add some color to is that as we have stepped out with the inclusion of the Yates acreage, as we've stepped out across the play, we've seen uplift in the productivity more than so than we expected when we acquired that position. And so we've been pleasantly surprised by the application of the EOG technology to the acreage that we acquired in the Yates position to improve productivity across the basin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Morris from Citi.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. My question actually was along the line of what Irene's was, and congratulations on the great well results, and Sandeep did a great job outlining the big data and analytics that you're using to improve these well results. But in the increase in performance and in premium inventory theme, so (51:43) you've outlined it's more to do with targeting within the horizontal lateral of the wells more so than longer lateral length and lower well costs. But in understanding that lithology, what is the difference in the rock that you're targeting? And is there that much variability across the zone? In other words, is that rock that you're targeting a lot more fracture prone? Is it just more oil saturated? Or what is the characteristic of that zone that you're able to target, and how variable is the rock across the formation when you target that zone?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Bob, this is Bill Thomas. You're asking some information that's proprietary. But I'll give you some general guidelines. Certainly, the rock is variable in the Permian, particularly in the Delaware Basin. There is a lot of variability in a vertical sense and then laterally it does vary some too. So you need a lot of data to identify it, and we start with cores. We do an extensive amount of core work, full cores and analyze that rock. We integrate that into a petrophysical model and then we integrate all that data into 3-D seismic, and we create very detailed maps, structure maps and stratographic thickness maps before we even start to drill the well. So it does take a lot of very sophisticated geology to identify these targets and it takes a lot of data and a lot of really good G&G and engineering work to locate that lateral. And then importantly, we developed the in-house software as Sandeep and David described to keep the bit in that really good rock, 95% to 100% of the lateral. And when we do that and we do the sophisticated high-density completions, that's why the wells are so good. And so the goal is just continue to identify better zones, to have better execution and to continue to improve the frac technology over time. So we think there's a lot of upside left and we're very encouraged directionally, technically where we're headed.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So you think – I know you said you won't set record after record after record – but you feel that you're still moving up the learning curve and everything you just described that so that we should see better well results across the board if you continue to be better able to target those better zones, I would assume, here.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Certainly. That's the goal, Bob, and that's our hope. We consistently improve performance over time and we are continuing to develop new tools and new ideas, and so we're hopeful that will continue in a very strong direction in the future.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Well, we'll look forward to that. Thank you.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Charles Meade from Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: Good morning, Bill, and to you and the rest of your team there.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Hello, Charles.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to ask, and Bill, this might be for you or perhaps for Sandeep, but I wonder if you could give us, without giving too much away, can you give us a sense of the kind of data types and streams you're capturing now versus perhaps what you were doing a year or two years ago? And what new sorts of data, or opportunities for data capture you might be looking at a couple years down the road?
Sandeep Bhakhri - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Charles. This is Sandeep. I'll take that question. I would say the biggest change for us versus a couple of years ago is the real-time data that's streaming in. And as the data comes in with higher resolution with some of the black boxes that they're putting out on the rigs and our frac fleets, we're able to get a lot more insight into the data, and we're able to turn that into new learnings and translate that into the high productivity wells. The best example of that is just the data that we're getting real-time in now to help us geosteer, and I think that's the biggest delta change from the past, where the data wasn't as real-time. And then, on the frac side of the business, it's the same thing. We're getting real-time data coming in from every frac fleet, and so we're able to change our completion designs and accommodate real-time, understanding what the rock is telling us. So those would be two concepts that are different, say, from two or three years ago.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: Got it. Thanks, Sandeep, and that really fits well with, I was going to ask the same question about those Whirling Wind wells, but I think you guys have explained it's an intersection of the targeting, fracking, everything well. If I could ask just question perhaps for David Trice about the Austin Chalk. I recognize you guys are not ready to put a resource number on that, but I'm curious if you could elaborate a bit on how you see that evolving. Is this kind of a, maybe a kind of a polka dots across the map of different hotspots? Or is this kind of all concentrated in one area? And what's a timeline for, your best guess as to timeline for when you will kind of mature that?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Yes, Charles. I'd say on the Austin Chalk, we've certainly learned a lot about it over the last several quarters, and you know we just wanted to continued to do step-out wells, the targeting test and spacing test as well. We've got several spacing tests over the last several months. We've done some at 400 feet and some at 600 feet, and the results are good on all of those. But we're still trying to dial in the exact spacing. But just keep in mind, I mean it's a lot different than what the traditional chalk was like. If you think about the traditional fractured chalk, you had really wide spacing, and this is going to be much more of a resource-type play. So nobody's ever really kind of chased the chalk in this way. So we just want to have a little bit more time and collect some more data. We've collected a couple cores and quite a few logs, and we're really, most of our testing has been across a 10 to 20 mile stretch on our acreage, but in the coming quarters, we'll have some updates.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: That's helpful color. Thank you.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Okay. I think we can close the call.
Operator: And we do have one more question. Would you like to take that?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Sure. Go ahead.
Operator: It comes from Marshall Carver from Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: All right. Thank you for squeezing me in. You highlight individual wells in the presentation. We tend to think of premium wells as the median result. What are your thoughts around standard deviation around your IPs and EURs as you're heading forward?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Marshall, I think there's a slide in the IR deck. I think it's slide 10 that gives the metrics on our premium wells that we completed last year versus the non-premium wells, and they are remarkably better. I think this is one of the things in the Street that may be a little bit misunderstood. The premium wells are roughly, the returns on them are roughly a fivefold increase in returns. The finding costs are less than half. The capital efficiency is more than twice as good and the first year oil production on the premium versus non-premium is actually double. So the premium wells are remarkably better than the wells that EOG has historically drilled in the past, and EOG's in the past has drilled the best wells, we believe in the industry. So the premium wells are certainly a game changer for the company. And as we go forward and we add these low cost reserves to our reserve base, they will continue to drive down our DD&A rate, and that will filter to the bottom line. Our breakevens will be better and certainly help us on ROCE. So they're remarkably better wells, and I think that's maybe not quite understood by the Street. Thank you, Marshall.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: In closing, the company is getting off to a great start in 2017. Each division in the company is focused on delivering industry leading premium wells, and we're tremendously excited about the future of the company. Over time, those low cost reserves will improve our bottom line and continue to create long-term shareholder value. So thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Operator: And that concludes our conference today. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc. William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc. Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc. David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC John H. Abbott - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the EOG Resources 2016 fourth quarter full year results conference call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are: Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing Operations; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included guidance for the first quarter and full year 2017 in yesterday's press release. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review 2016 highlights and our 2017 capital plan. Gary Thomas, Billy Helms, and David Trice will review operational results and year-end reserve replacement data. Then, I will discuss EOG's financials and capital structure, and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. As we look back, 2016 will be remembered as truly historic for EOG because it's the year we permanently shifted to premium drilling and reset the company to be successful in a lower commodity price environment. To remind everyone, our premium well is one that earns a minimum of 30% after-tax rate of return with flat $40 oil and $2.50 gas prices on a direct basis. We set the minimum at 30% to ensure that fully loaded well returns are accretive to corporate returns. I want to emphasize that this shift to premium is permanent, which means that the return hurdle and the inventory of premium wells did not change with improving oil prices. Going forward, EOG's capital will be focused on wells that are profitable at $40, meaning with modest increases to oil price, our returns have the potential to soar. You can see this on slide 24 of our investor presentation. Our list of accomplishments in 2016 include a few company records and first-time achievements. In 2016, we achieved one of the highest returns on capital expenditures in company history, and we did it at the low point of the commodity price cycle. Our shift to premium drilling and improvements in operating costs resulted in record low finding cost of $5.22 per BOE when you exclude revisions due to commodity price. Over the course of the year, we increased our premium drilling inventory nearly 9% to 6,000 locations and over 5 billion barrels of oil equivalent. The company added 3.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent of new drilling potential in the Delaware Basin. Since the downturn began in late 2014, we slashed unit operating costs by 22%. As a result of drilling low-cost premium wells, the company grew oil production within cash flow during the second half of 2016. We announced the world's first technically successful enhanced oil recovery in shale that delivers strong project economics. EOG completed the largest transaction in the company's history with the Yates Petroleum acquisition. Finally, we accomplished all this while maintaining a healthy balance sheet and posting the best safety record in the company's history. To sum up 2016, record setting capital efficiency gains and a significantly larger and improved drilling inventory have reset the company to achieve outstanding results in the years to come. This is why we are confident that we'll be one of the lowest cost producers and competitive in the global oil market. Now looking ahead to 2017, we're more excited than ever to resume our leadership in high-return oil growth. Transforming EOG into a premium-only driller means we expect to deliver 18% oil growth within cash flow during 2017. Remarkably, EOG can deliver strong 18% oil growth plus the dividend within cash flow if prices were to average $50 oil and $3 gas. We believe this is unique in the industry and sets EOG apart as the most capital efficient operator in the U.S. Furthermore, each of EOG's major basins will be contributing to that growth in 2017, the Eagle Ford, the Delaware Basin, the Bakken, the Powder River Basin, and the DJ Basin. That's a testament to our diverse portfolio of high-return assets. Our plan was finalized last month when strip prices were closer to $55 oil and $3.50 natural gas. If current prices hold, we will reach our goal of generating free cash flow. Our number one priority for that cash is to reinvest into high-return premium drilling. We also want to continue firming up the balance sheet with non-core asset sales. And if the business environment continues to improve, we will want to refocus on our commitment to the dividend. Looking beyond 2017, I want to talk about EOG's return prospects, specifically return on capital employed [ROCE]. If a company is earning the well-level returns we and many of our peers assert, we should eventually see those results reflected in ROCE. For EOG specifically, we expect returns and finding costs to continue to improve in the years ahead as premium wells become a higher percentage of total well completions. As new premium wells are drilled, their DD&A rate will converge towards premium finding costs. The lower DD&A rate along with lower cash operating costs such as LOE [Lease Operating Expense] and transportation should significantly improve EOG's ROCE over time. With our shift to premium drilling, our goal is to generate ROCE that exceeds our historical average of 13%. We believe this performance will make us competitive not only among our peers, but with other industries outside the energy sector. ROCE has been a very important performance metric at EOG and remains a top priority in our long-term vision. EOG is rate-of-return driven. Returns are the number one criteria for incentive compensation, and it drives capital allocation within the company. We believe EOG's best days for ROCE still lie ahead of us. Up next to provide details on our operational performance in 2016 and review the 2017 game plan is Gary Thomas.
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Bill. The 2016 accomplishments I'm most proud of are the capital efficiency gains from cost control and operational efficiencies. At the start of 2016, our plan was to drill 200 and complete 270 net wells within cash flow for $2.5 billion. By year end, due to our astonishing progress on cost control and efficiency gains, we drilled 280 and completed 445 net wells for $2.7 billion, all within cash flow. That's a 40% and 65% increase in drilling and completing activity with only an 8% increase in capital compared to our initial guidance. Almost 60% of these completed wells were drilled but uncompleted wells, so we are beginning 2017 with our normal inventory of 137 DUCs. Furthermore, our fourth quarter average oil rate of 312,000 barrels of oil per day set an all-time high from our previous record set in the fourth quarter of 2014. Here are a few highlights from our 2016 operational accomplishments. We expanded electrical power and gas lift infrastructure in South Texas and the Delaware Basin. We also expanded our water handling infrastructure in the Delaware Basin and Rockies to better reuse and more efficiently transport drilling, completion, and production water, which will reduce transportation and disposal costs. We extended our in-house chemical program and other cost-cutting practices to the Yates properties, and we continue to see significant cost reduction opportunities. For 2017, we have line of sight into sources of savings to further improve on cost control initiatives from 2016 in spite of potential service cost increases. Four significant sources of service cost savings in 2017 are: our average daily rig rates are down 25% compared to last year. Fourteen of our drilling rigs or 60% of the total are under long-term contracts, and nine of these rigs are at bottom-of-market rates. We've locked in three-quarters of our casing needs at prices 30% below our 2016 costs. To further control cost, we've also locked in 50% of our frac fleets. And we have diverse sources of frac sand, and our aggregate sand costs are expected to decrease by 18% year over year. Furthermore, I'm confident we'll be able to further improve operational efficiencies in 2017. During the downturn, we took the opportunity to upgrade our rig fleet to one of the most modern and highly efficient fleets in the industry. We are drilling 20% longer laterals and increasing the use of multi-well pads. Our expanded water infrastructure systems are expected to reduce our well cost by another $100,000 per well. And because of the combination of operational efficiencies, we expect to complete 15% more wells per frac fleet this year. We expect 2017 can be another great year for improvements for EOG's capital efficiency, maintaining our position as the low-cost, high-return leader in the E&P industry. I'll turn the call over to Billy Helms, who will update you on our Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. The Eagle Ford has seen consistent year-over-year improvements in both production performance and operational efficiencies that have been the hallmark of EOG's advancements in horizontal technology. We continue to test multiple targets and spacing patterns to determine the optimal development pattern for each area of the field. The wells completed in 2016 as a group are outperforming wells from previous years, largely as a result of the precision targeting and advanced completion designs. During 2016, 210-day cumulative production improved 13% for wells drilled in our western acreage, while wells drilled in the east improved 10%. We also reduced completed well cost by $1 million to $4.7 million, and believe further reductions are possible in 2017. I'll leave you with one final important note about this play. There's still a tremendous amount of upward potential in the Eagle Ford. To date, we have drilled less than one-third of the total identified locations in this world-class play. The efforts to update the total resource potential are underway and can only be assessed with longer-term performance from each of the various targets and spacing tests. Our technical team continues to integrate the latest results into our future plans to assess the full potential of this asset. Suffice it to say it continues to grow. Eagle Ford oil production is expected to grow during 2017 while drilling less than half the number of wells we did during the peak of activity in 2014. Using our 2017 rate of approximately 195 net completed wells, we have over 20 years of inventory. The Eagle Ford has been and will continue to be a growth asset for the company. Last year we announced early success in the first enhanced oil recovery project in horizontal shale. In 2015, we tested four pilots, comprised of 15 wells across a geologically diverse area, and the results were consistently positive and highly economic. In 2016, we initiated a larger 32-well pilot to test how well EOR technology can be implemented on a larger manufacturing type scale. The pilot has been a success and confirms our initial results for field-scale implementation. As with the 2015 pilots, the 32-well project delivered premium economics with a finding cost of less than $6 per barrel. This 32-well project provided insights into EOR's impact across a wide variety of completion styles and spacing patterns. The results were favorable for wells completed from 2011 through 2016, with well spacing ranging from 200 feet to 500 feet. This gives us further confidence of the applicability of EOR across major areas of the field. And in addition, our technical understanding of this first in the world EOR process is increasing. The 300,000 barrels of net oil production from EOR in 2016 was within 5% of our forecast, further validating the consistency of the results observed in the four pilots prior to 2016. This data supports our previous estimates that the incremental recovery due to EOR is adding 30% to 70% more oil to our primary recovery estimates. In 2017, we are eager to expand our EOR project by testing approximately 100 additional wells in six different areas. The result of this program will provide additional data on EOR's uplift to the Eagle Ford's resource potential and EOR's effect on field production decline. This data will help determine how we will incorporate EOR into our long-term Eagle Ford capital program. 2016 was a breakout year for the Delaware Basin, setting up this play to be our fastest growing asset in 2017. First, EOG completed some of the industry's best wells in the Permian Basin through the application of our leading-edge technology, including precision targeting and high-density completions. This technology has proven to deliver step change in well performance. And with an improved wellbore design, we began testing longer laterals in the second half of the year, with promising recovery results on a per foot basis. Our goal is to achieve the same recovery measured by EUR per foot of lateral as we increased lateral length. In 2017, we expect to use longer laterals on a larger percentage of our program, so we're excited to watch the well performance continue to improve. Second, the Yates transaction was truly transformative. The acreage obtained in the Delaware Basin is not only adjacent to our existing program, but it's also generating highly economic results. Our technical capabilities combined with this transformative transaction resulted in adding a record-setting 3.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent of estimated resource potential last year alone. In addition, we've already identified almost 3,500 premium oil locations across three targets in the Delaware, the Wolfcamp, the Second Bone Springs, and the Leonard. This is almost a mile of stacked pay in this world-class basin, and our exploration efforts are just getting started. And third, we are well positioned on infrastructure. Over the last few years we've made strategic investments in oil and gas gathering and takeaway, gas processing, water sourcing and handling, and sand rail car unloading facilities. As an example, the water sourcing and handling infrastructure is helping to reduce both our initial well cost as well as reducing our long-term cash operating cost. Some of the assets obtained in the Yates transaction included water gathering systems that support our existing systems. In our major areas of activity, we will deliver a significant percentage of our produced water into these systems. We're also increasing the volume of recycled water for use in our operations. These examples along with other cost initiatives have rendered the lease operating expense in the Delaware Basin to be among the lowest in the company. We believe these investments will provide us a competitive advantage now and in the future as we grow in the Delaware Basin. The Delaware Basin Wolfcamp is arguably the most prolific tight oil play in North America, and EOG consistently delivers the best Wolfcamp results in the industry. Please see slide 9 of our investor presentation for a plot of our 2016 well performance versus the industry. In 2017, the Wolfcamp will again be the primary focus of our drilling program, as we plan to complete 110 net wells. Here's David Trice to review the progress we've made in the Austin Chalk and our Rockies, Bakken, and international activity.
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. Last year, our Eagle Ford team took a fresh look at the Austin Chalk and discovered that within our current Eagle Ford footprint, there are areas where the Austin Chalk is prospective. Using proprietary petrophysical analysis, we can identify and map the best reservoir properties using our existing well controls. We are then able to target the best rock with horizontal laterals and apply EOG-style high-density completions. The result is consistent premium Austin Chalk wells. These wells can be very prolific. And in fact, some of the best wells drilled by the company last year were in the Austin Chalk. In 2016. we completed 14 Austin Chalk wells with an average 30-day rate of 1,700 barrels of oil per day and total equivalent rate of 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day from an average lateral of 4,400 feet. We continue to drill delineation and spacing tests, analyze subsurface data, and create detailed mapping throughout the field to understand the prospectivity of the Austin Chalk across our South Texas position. During 2017, we'll drill approximately 25 net wells in the Austin Chalk. Those well results along with the work we did last year should get us closer to providing a resource estimate for this emerging play. In the Rockies, we had great success in the Powder River Basin and Wyoming DJ Basin during 2016. In the Powder River Basin, we focused predominantly on the Turner interval in 2016. Turner wells compete with the best inventory in the company. Our 2016 drilling program in this play averaged over 1,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day rate-restricted for the first 30 days and cost about $5 million to drill and complete. During the fourth quarter, we returned to the Parkman interval and applied our latest techniques with excellent premium-level results. Three Parkman wells had a 30-day rate that averaged 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With the addition of the Yates acreage, our core position in the Powder River Basin has grown to 400,000 acres. We are expanding this program in 2017 to complete 30 net wells. And we look forward to blocking up acreage, applying longer laterals, adding to our premium inventory, and exploring the 4,800 feet of stacked pay. In the DJ Basin, we added 200 premium Codell wells through sustainable cost reductions and precision targeting during 2016. We also completed installation of water and gas infrastructure that should further reduce cost and enhance returns as we increase our development in 2017. We plan to complete approximately 15 net wells in the DJ Basin Codell this year. The Bakken is another area we've been investing in water takeaway infrastructure that should further reduce costs to support and enhance returns of our ongoing drilling program. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we completed a majority of the remaining pre-2016 DUCs. As a result, our 2017 drilling program will be focused on drilling premium Bakken core and Antelope Extension inventory. We expect to complete 35 net wells during 2017. In Trinidad, we continue to get great results from existing wells, which led to outperformance versus forecast in 2016. Production in Trinidad was virtually flat despite drilling just one additional well that came online in December of 2016. In 2017, we expect to drill an additional five net wells throughout the year. Here's Billy to review our year-end reserve replacement and finding costs.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, David. We replaced 163% of our 2016 production at a very low finding cost of $5.22 per BOE, excluding revisions due to commodity price changes. That's less than half of our 2015 finding cost. The proved developed finding cost excluding leasehold capital was $6.50 per BOE. Notably, sustainable LOE reductions drove positive reserve revisions that more than offset negative revisions due to lower commodity prices. As a result, our proved reserves increased by 1.4% year over year, driven by a 7.7% increase to crude oil and natural gas liquids reserves. These are record low finding costs and demonstrate the tremendous capital efficiency gains we made this year resulting from our permanent shift to premium drilling and laser focus on cost reductions. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Billy. I'll begin with a few comments about our capital spending last year and in the fourth quarter. These amounts exclude the Yates transaction, which I'll cover separately. Capitalized interest for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $6 million. Total exploration and development expenditures were $748 million, including facilities of $122 million excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant, and equipment were $31 million. For the full year 2016, capitalized interest was $31 million. 2016 capital expenditures excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations were $2.7 million, [sic] (billion) (2603) in line with the updated guidance provide on last quarter's call. This amount includes facilities of $375 million and expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant, and equipment of $92 million. Total discretionary cash flow was $2.75 billion. We are pleased to have reached our goal of balancing CapEx and (26:28) discretionary cash flow in 2016. In addition, proceeds from asset sales were $1.1 billion, which included natural gas assets in the Barnett Shale and Haynesville plays and marginal liquids plays in the Permian Basin and Rockies. We also completed the sale of Argentina assets during the year. Total property acquisition costs other than Yates were $14 million for the year. Capital additions related to the Yates transaction are: $3.1 billion of leasehold acquisitions; $735 million of proved property acquisitions; and $17 million of other property, plant, and equipment. We also recorded $1.1 billion of deferred taxes related to the transaction. To fund the Yates transaction, EOG issued 25 million shares of common stock and paid cash of $16 million for a total consideration of $2.4 billion. At year end, total debt outstanding was $7 billion, for a debt to total capitalization ratio of 32%. Considering $1.6 billion of cash on hand at year end, net debt to total cap was 28%. In the fourth quarter 2016, total impairments were $298 million. For the full year 2016, total impairments were $620 million. Impairments to proved properties of $116 million were primarily the result of a write-down to fair value of legacy natural gas assets, which have since been divested. Impairments for both the fourth quarter and full year 2016 included charges for firm commitment contracts related to the divested Haynesville natural gas assets and obsolete inventory. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 27% and deferred tax ratio was 44%. Yesterday we included a guidance table with our earnings press release for the first quarter and full year 2017. Our 2017 CapEx estimate is $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion excluding acquisitions. The exploration and development portion excluding facilities will account for about 81% of the total CapEx budget. The budget for exploration and development facilities and gathering, processing, and other accounts for approximately 19% of the total CapEx budget for 2017. We plan to concentrate our infrastructure spending in the Eagle Ford, Delaware Basin, and Rockies to support our drilling program in those areas and enhance operating efficiencies. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. In closing, I will leave you with a few important points. First, our improvement to well performance has been accomplished through the use of proprietary technology to identify high-quality rock, drill precisely targeted laterals, and execute leading-edge completions. We're now beginning to drill longer laterals. And we believe our industry-leading well performance combined with longer laterals will drive significant productivity gains in the future. Slide 10 in the IR deck illustrates this conclusion. Second, EOG has not and has never been a one-trick pony. We have top tier positions in the big three producing North American oil basins and strong positions in what we believe are the best emerging plays. Our diverse portfolio of assets and decentralized operating structure provides incredible flexibility to invest in the basins with the highest returns, particularly as technology, infrastructure, and netbacks change. Third, the recent downturn has highlighted one of EOG's core values, and that's capital discipline. There are two guiding principles to our capital discipline, a strong balance sheet and return-based capital allocation. EOG generated near record capital returns at the low point of the commodity price cycle last year. In addition, we not only maintained but improved our balance sheet without issuing equity to pay down debt or cutting the dividend. EOG is a leader in capital discipline, with a relentless focus on returns and a commitment to spend within our means. We are committed to delivering industry-leading oil growth and returns and delivering this within cash flow, including dividends, even in a flat $50 oil environment. Fourth, EOG's exploration focus is still in high gear. We have never been more excited about the leading-edge technology that we are developing in-house and the new exploration concepts we continue to discover. Everything we learn from our existing plays is being applied to generate new exploration concepts and leasing efforts. With new knowledge, we continue to see significant opportunities to add to and improve our inventory through exploration. Better rock makes better wells, and that's our exploration focus. Do not count us out. We're not through. And finally, in my 38 years with EOG, I've seen many downturns. Every time we emerged from the downturn in better shape than we entered it. This downturn, however, is unique in every respect except direction. We're not simply in better shape. We've vaulted ahead with record-setting achievements in cost reduction, productivity gains, inventory growth, and capital efficiency improvements. We have the deepest inventory of premium inventory in the industry, and it's growing rapidly. We are poised for amazing growth. And more importantly, our goal of returning to the historic levels of company ROCE performance are in sight. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: My first question is on the Eagle Ford from a primary drilling perspective. You talked about the increase in oil rates. Slide 40 shows some of this in terms of your wells in 2016 versus 2015 versus 2014. What are the implications for EURs and spacing from the improved well performance that you're seeing over multiple days? And if not yet certain there, can you just talk to the milestones that you're looking for to have more confidence?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Brian, this is Billy Helms. So yes, you're seeing on that slide that we see continued improvement in production performance year over year in the play. And that's really accomplishing lots of things, but it's really driven by our technology that we're bringing, mainly the targeting and the enhanced completions that we're doing now. Those two things have made a step change. So we're still testing some spacing patterns in different areas of the field and applying this new technology to understand longer-term performance. And as we've stated in the past, as we make these changes, we want to further understand the longer-term performance before we do our resource estimate increase. We are encouraged that the Eagle Ford is going to continue to improve with time, but we still are watching that data. The Eagle Ford has been essentially a very large laboratory for us to continue to experiment with. So as we continue to gather this data, we'll have a better idea of what that implication means to the long-term performance. So I can't really give you a timeframe yet, but I'd say that we're encouraged with what we see.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Then my follow-up is with regards to well costs. On slide 14, you talked about some targets for further cost reductions, which seems in the face of an inflationary environment we may be going into or are already in. Can you just talk about the achievability and whether these are more one-off we'll get there, or whether these are ultimate averages? What happens if prices aren't $50, they're a little bit higher in the inflation environment and assumptions that you've baked in?
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Brian, this is Gary. Yes, we look at each of the wells in the area. And what we see is about 40% of our well cost is subject to inflation because we've got contracts in place, we've got sole-source, all that sort of thing. When we do that and we look at what kind of opportunities we see for just other efficiency improvements, we believe that we'll be able to meet these targets that we've set here for each of these plays that's listed on this Exhibit 14.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Is there any upside? If oil prices are $55, then I guess one, we just apply the inflation to that 40% to get to something modestly higher.
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: As far as – irregardless of oil price, this is where we think that we'll be able to get here on this 2017 target.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Good morning.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: You guys highlight more prominently exploration in the presentation and in your 10-K and in your comments this morning. Let me start. How derisked does a new play need to be before you'll disclose it? And outside of securing acreage, what are the key parameters necessary before you'll show it to investors? And I raise it from the context of peers, both U.S. and global, that have unveiled unconventional plays at much earlier stages, raising the risks as data is released.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: The first thing, Evan, is the play has to be premium quality, so it has to meet the investment hurdles that we've set for premium drilling. And then second of all, we like to have multiple tests, and we like to be really convinced that the play is going to work up to our expectations and we have some consistency about it. We don't want to drill a one or two-well wonder, then come back and some of the other wells are not so good. So we do take a little bit more time. I think it's because we're just more thorough and we want to be more sure about it. And then there's always, in every one of these plays, you mention acreage. Acreage is the critical thing. And we want to – as we test them, we learn more about where the sweet spots could be in the plays. And so we're only focused on tying up the sweet spots of that acreage. So we have a large number of plays in the company that we're working on. As you know, we're very decentralized, and each one of our operating divisions has a full set of exploration folks, and we're spread out all over the U.S. And so we're working multiple plays at the same time, and we're quite optimistic about new plays providing additional premium inventory in the future.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, I look forward to hearing results as we move through the year. My second question on the Permian, you guys are running 11 rigs and targeting 140 wells in 2017. Implied spud to spuds are up year over year. Any color there on maybe how many well completions in the 2017 program are being carried into 2018, or does the lower number of wells reflect a larger appraisal program? Or just some color around that sequentially would be helpful.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Evan, this is Billy Helms. So what we're seeing there in the Delaware Basin is we've had a steady rig count, and we're typically going be drilling longer laterals in 2017 than we did in 2016. So the drilling times are going increase slightly just as a result of that. On the number of well completions, I believe we're going to complete about 140 total wells in the Delaware Basin this year, most of those in the Wolfcamp. And we're down to a normal level of inventory in all of our major plays, including the Delaware Basin. So we're not really carrying over into 2017 an abnormally high amount of DUCs, you might say. So I think we'll just – the rig count there has increased relative to last year. We will be going to longer laterals, but we'll have about 140 net wells completed this year.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Is there a carryover into 2018 I guess was my question because it seems as there would be on those numbers.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: No, no, there's no carryover into 2018 that we see.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll now go to Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. My first question is just on the overall guidance. Bill, you guys issued essentially in line oil production guidance, but you're using quite a bit of a lower oil price perhaps relative to strip and consensus, around $50. I was wondering if you could comment on how you plan to address the CapEx budget and guidance for the year. Do you plan to look at it on a quarterly basis or reassess things around the middle of the year? Because on our numbers, your cash flow would be closer to just under $5 billion using the strip.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Arun, we set the $50 marker just to give a reference point there. That's where we would be able to have a balanced cash flow to our CapEx and our dividend. So if prices are higher than that, we're going to have free cash flow, and that's certainly one of our goals every year is to generate free cash flow. As far as how we're going to deploy that, it's a bit early to give you specifics. The overall guidance would be that we're going to stay disciplined, obviously watch commodity prices, watch our drilling results and our cost and watch property sales. And we'll just update you every quarter on where we are on all that. I can say this. We have an extreme amount of flexibility. So with our decentralized structure and multiple high-return plays, it's very easy for EOG to redeploy capital, and we can do it relatively quickly. If one area, say, heats up and maybe it's difficult to get a frac spread or something in one area, we've got other areas that it's easier and they have high return. So we can ramp up relatively quickly. The priority for the free cash flow is to reinvest. That's the number one priority is obviously reinvest into high-return premium drilling. We also want to continue to firm up our balance sheet. We're going to do that primarily with non-core property sales. So we need to watch how that process proceeds. And then EOG's got a great track record of increasing the dividend, 16 times in the last 17 years. So consistent with that commitment to the dividend, as the year unfolds we'll continue to evaluate the business environment as it relates to the dividend. So again, I think we've got a lot of flexibility, and we'll give you more details on a quarterly basis.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. My follow-up is perhaps a follow-up to Brian's question. In terms of the Eagle Ford, you did show a positive rate of change in both the east and the west. My question is regarding the Q4 activity. If you look at some of the 30-day rates on the 75 wells, they're a touch below our expectations or type curve. Can you comment perhaps on what you saw in terms of productivity between the 45 wells which were drilled prior to 2016 versus the 30 that you drilled last year in terms of the impact perhaps of precision targeting in terms of well results?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EOG Resources, Inc.: Arun, this is Billy Helms. Certainly you're picking up on it there. In the fourth quarter, about 60% of our well completions were DUCs carried over from prior years. And those wells didn't benefit from the precision targeting that we have done more recently. And so you're seeing some of the 30-day initial IP rates from those wells being below those of previous quarters. But I think overall, after time you can see on that productivity chart that after about 120 to 150 days, they start to – because of the advanced completions, long-term performance is still improving. So we're continuing to be pleased with our technology and what it's yielding there both in longer-term performance as well as initial upfront productivity.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go now to Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks; good morning.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Hello, Scott.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Just as a follow-up to the question on looking at a higher commodity price and your ability to deploy that to more drilling, can you specifically discuss when you look at the market as it sits right now, strip probably closer to the mid-$50s, how do you internally look at that to make that decision whether to increase activity or not? So what I'm trying get to is what are the key indicators that provide you the confidence that oil's going be $55 or $60 rather than say $50?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Scott, I think we're watching the oil market, particularly inventory levels. And I think just in the last week or so, we're starting to see very encouraging signs on inventory drawdown, and I think we're getting close. It won't be in the next month or two. I think we're going to know a lot about how the OPEC cuts have affected supply/demand dynamics and the drawdown of that inventory. So we're about there, but we just need a little bit more time on that. I think the other thing is, with the rapid ramp-up of drilling rigs in the U.S., we don't want to ramp up too rapidly to decrease the capital efficiency. So we're very committed to keeping the capital efficiency of the company extremely high, and we really only want to increase the capital efficiency. So part of our ramp-up strategy will be certainly to stay very disciplined, to allocate the capital to obviously the highest return investments that we have, and then do it in a systematic manner where we're bringing in really good equipment, really good people, and we don't lose performance there.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay; appreciate that. And as my follow-up, just in terms of the progression of activity right now, where are we at in terms of your current activity, your rig count relative to what the budget contemplates? Are we there yet, or is there still a little bit of ramp to go in some areas?
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Scott, this is Gary. We've ramped up pretty rapidly here in 2017 because we ended 2016 with 17 drilling rigs, and we've now just this week reached 23. So we're a little bit heavier in the Delaware. We run about 11 rigs there. And then we're running in the seven to eight rigs in the Eagle Ford and a couple in the Rockies. So we're close. And like we mentioned earlier, yes, we've really been working hard just to get the very best available rigs in the industry. So we're pretty well there.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I appreciate that; thanks.
Operator: We'll go to Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. I think a lot of people when they hear you talk get very bearish on oil prices, and I don't think that's the way you look at the world. Bill, can you remind us why what you're doing isn't replicable across the industry, which is I guess the reason why people would be very bearish? Thanks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Sure, Paul. The productivity that EOG has, the capital efficiency, which goes really back to our ability to contain costs and renew costs on a sustainable basis, and particularly as we've shifted to premium drilling over the last several years and we've applied the new technology. There's a chart on page 10 that we referred to in the opening remarks. And it shows well productivity for the industry as lateral lengths increase. And generally, when you look across all these plays, there's been quite a bit of studies, not just our studies, but this is basically IHS data that anybody can duplicate. It shows that as lateral lengths increase, obviously the well productivity is increasing. But EOG is in the red there. And if you look at that chart, you can see that our productivity is increasing much, much faster than generally the industry. Even our wells are much more productive even at a short lateral versus some of the laterals that are almost twice as long. So --
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Bill, would you put that down to technology or acreage? Is there any way to – I know it's a very simplistic question for a very complicated...
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Well, it's two parts. It's better rock and you have to capture that better rock. So with our exploration focus over the years, we've really honed in on capturing the sweet spots of the best play. So that is the beginning of it. And then the second part of it is identifying the specific targets in those sweet spots, and then executing the lateral and a large percentage of that really great rock, and then using our very advanced, very proprietary completion techniques. So it's a combination of all that technology, and that is not very duplicable. It has taken us really a decade to get to this point. We have very proprietary petrophysical models that we do, obviously take a lot of cores, and we've tied that back into productivity data. And so it's a cumulative effect of a large amount of years in time and a lot of data, and it's not easily duplicated.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes, understood. Can I ask a follow-up as well? I think you're also somewhat unique in the way that you pay your staff. How does it in a sense like the company to think if you're returns focused? Why would you – I guess I'm trying to get around to the idea that you're still incentivized to grow. If you could, just remind us how the staff payment through returns works and how that affects your strategy. And I'll leave it there, thanks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Sure. The bonus system has three metrics for each division, certainly for the folks here in Houston, and then it goes down to each employee. So the number one criterion on the bonus pool on the compensation is returns. So the capital returns that your division is responsible for and that you helped execute is the number one. Number two is how you meet your volume targets. So volume is second. Volume growth is second and returns are first. And then number three is how well you're setting yourself up for the future. So of course, we have a very strong culture of generating new inventory and better inventory all the time. And it all ties together. If you invest your money and you get a very, very high rate of return, you're going to grow your volumes spectacularly at the same time. So it all fits and it's very focused.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Why don't you think other people do it? Why do you think it's unique to you guys to use that methodology? I would have thought everyone should do that.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: I would say the same. I would agree. I think it's just a culture that's been in the company for decades and it just keeps getting better every year.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you, sir.
Operator: We'll go to Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John H. Abbott - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Good morning. This is John Abbott speaking on behalf of Doug Leggate. We appreciate you taking our questions. Our first question relates to 2017 activity levels. How do you see the pace of completions throughout the course of the year? And then our follow-up would be, it looks like you exit 2017 with significant momentum. Could you provide an early look at the exit rate for the year and a preliminary view for 2018? Thank you.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Let me just answer the second part first. We have given a long-term outlook. That's provided on one of our slides. I'll give you the number here in a minute, but we've given an outlook at $50 to $60 oil. We can grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 15% to 25%. So you can look at that. That means that in the year 2020, EOG would be producing 500,000 to 700,000 barrels of oil per day. And so you can use that as a guide. As far as the specifics on 2017 about how we're going to schedule our completions, I'm going to let Gary Thomas comment on that.
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: John, we've got our completion schedule pretty well balanced each quarter through the year. And as I mentioned earlier, we had maybe a little slow start as far as just the ramp up of the rigs. And we also mentioned that once we take our rigs up that it's two to three months before you really start to see production from each of those rigs. So we do have a ramp from first quarter through 2017.
John H. Abbott - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: We appreciate it, thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Mike Scialla of Stifel Financial.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. Looking at your 2017 CapEx increase over 2016, it doesn't look proportional to the number of wells. I think the CapEx up over 40%, the number of wells is about 7%. I know you had the benefit of completing some DUCs in 2016, and you alluded to this earlier, but I think a lot of that is due to longer laterals in 2017. So one, is that fair? And then two, if it is, do you have an average lateral length for the 2017 wells versus 2016?
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: Mike, the reason that the CapEx is going up – it's several reasons. Number one is the DUCs. As you mentioned. we had a little bit of a benefit there. The wells were already drilled. So we haven't drilled more wells this year than last year. But the wells are much better this year due to the technology and the higher shift to premium. The more capital per well on the completion side is due primarily to the Permian. We've increased the Permian well count substantially more than the other plays. And the wells are a bit more expensive in the Permian than they are in the Eagle Ford or the Bakken, and also because the wells are getting longer too.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Any sense of the lateral length 2017 versus 2016?
Gary L. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: It's up about 20%. As you say there, Mike, that's a part of our increase. The big part is just the increased drilling since we had so many DUCs in 2016.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. I wanted to follow up on the Austin Chalk. Tim made some comments on that; that those wells do look really strong. Can you say where the 14 wells are located that you drilled so far? Are they all in the Austin Chalk, or is it spread across your Eagle Ford acreage? I know you want to see the results from this year's drilling program before you start talking about resource potential. But I just wanted to get any sort of sense on how much of that Eagle Ford acreage could be prospective. Are we talking maybe up to half, or is that way too optimistic?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: This is David. On the Austin Chalk, that's really what we're focused on right now is delineating the play. So the 14 wells that you mentioned, those are really across the play. And so we continue to evaluate that. And so we're going to – the encouragement we saw from 2016, we're going to up that this next year in 2017 to 25 wells. And we'll do the same, we'll be testing some spacing patterns and then stepping out and seeing what the prospectivity is across the entire position. But we just want a little bit more time with the data.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just to follow up on that, did it look like it could be a resource-type play, or is it going be more one-off areas where you've got little isolated pockets that work?
David W. Trice - EOG Resources, Inc.: One thing in the Austin, it's a little bit more geological than the Eagle Ford. And so we have multiple zones there that we're looking at, so we'll be testing each of those zones. So that's really why we want the opportunity to see the data and look at the spacing tests.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, David.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Thomas for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - EOG Resources, Inc.: In closing, I want to say thank you to the outstanding employees of EOG. Their performance during the downturn has been incredible. The company is set up to deliver, and we look forward to creating long-term shareholder value in 2017 and beyond. Thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President William Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production David Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production Gary Thomas - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Scott Reynolds - RBC Capital Markets Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources 2016 Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introduction I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG resources Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead sir.
Timothy Driggers: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing the third quarter 2016 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward looking statements. The risk associated with the forward looking statements have been outline in the press release and EOGs SEC filings and they incorporate those by reference of this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filing with the SEC to disclose not only crude reserves but also probably reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in the quarter not contemplated by the SECs reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. In addition for the purpose of this call the reserve estimates for basin and low level resources are net after resources unless otherwise states. In reference to well location, wells drilled and wells completed are after EOGs interest unless otherwise stated. Participating on the call this morning are: Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing Operations; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included guidance for the fourth quarter and full-year 2016 in yesterday's press release. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review our shift to premium drilling and the updated 2020 growth outlook. Billy Helms will provide an update to our premium Delaware Basin resource and David Trice will discuss notable achievements in the other select plays. Gary Thomas will go over our operational accomplishments and I will discuss EOG's financials, capital structure. And Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. EOG has responded to the downturn at oil process with an unrelenting focus on capital turns. In 2016 we increased well productivity and lowered well and operating cost at a record pace. The company projects an all-in return on the 26 capital program on the company record and we achieved this on the lowest commodity price environment that we have experienced in a long time. Our tremendous success in proving capital return this year and combined with the addition of the Yates acreage has also increased the company resource potential in both size and quality at a record pace. As a result we reset the company to deliver high return oil growth with in-cash well with $50 oil environment. We believe this is unique to the industry. In this price environment our ability to generate high capital rates of return and achieve strong double digit growth with the balance CapEx that cash flow program sets the industry apart, leader in capital efficiency. In early 2016 the town working each player across identified 3200 locations representing 2 billion barrels of oil reserve potential. That meant a new rate of return standard we designated premium. To meet the premium standards a well has to earn a minimum of 30% direct after tax rate returns at $40 oil. The process at first refining premium and second identifying the inventory will ensure that during 2016 year 2 we did not spend a single dollar during the un-economic wells. We did anticipate about the new premiums standard is the fire it would light under each as a team working EOGs play across the company. Since it is all of 2016 we have converted more than 1000 additional locations to premium on our existing acreage. The Yates merger added another 1700 premium locations. A premium resource potential now totaled more than $5 billion barrels of oil equipment in 6000 locations, that's more than double the resource potential and almost double the locations from the start of 2016. More impressively when you do that math on those numbers you see that net reserves for oil for our premium inventory went from 625 MBOE to 860 MBOE to-date. We are not only adding more premium inventory, the productivity of that inventory is growing. Another important factor in improving capital efficiency is 29% reduction in cash operating unit cost and over $1 billion annual operating savings compared to 2014. For the third quarter in a row we have lowered our operating expense forecast for the year. On the last number of years EOG has consistently added locations faster than we grab them. Over the next number of years we fully expect to do the same with our premium locations. We stated at the beginning of the year that EOG shift to premium was permanent. Our performance this year should leave little doubt of EOGs ability to execute that shift. Before I hand it over to Bill Helms to review the Delaware Basin, I wanted to discuss the other big news from the press release last night. Our updated 2020 outlook. We introduced 2017 through 2020 outlook last quarter at 10% compounded annual growth rate at $50 oil, increasing to 20% at $60 oil. We provided this long-term framework for the reasons I just mentioned. Our premium inventory is growing in size and quality and we expect to replace it faster than we grow it. With continued capital efficiency gains we are increasing our 2017 through 2020 PAGR outlook by 5%. At $50 to $60 we are now capable of growing a compounded at 15% annually. Given the size of our base production today, stack growth is remarkable. Also remarkable is the leak in the river that growth and in the dividend with the cash flow. It's important to note that our 2020 outlook includes growth throughout our large high quality diversified portfolio of place. As discussed in the opening remarks our organization structure and cutting edge culture are driving new technology advancements, cost reductions and exploration efforts across the company at a record pace. Our 2020 outlook envisions high return in growth from the Eagle Ford, Rockies, Bakken and Permian. Additionally we continue to work on other emerging exploration exploits and expect they will become a material part of our future. EOG is a resilient company. Our unique culture continues to produce sustainable gains and capital productivity and generate years of high quality drilling potential. We are leaders in capturing high quality acreage in the best oil plains in the US. And the Yates transaction is just the latest example of EOGs ability to add highly turned growth potential. Now I will turn it over to Billie Helms to update the Delaware Basin results.
Lloyd Helms: Thanks, Bill. 2016 is turning out to be a tremendous year for EOG in the Delaware Basin. Secondly highlighted in a couple of ways. First, our Permian teams progress delivering increased well performance and cost reduction has been outstanding. As illustrated on Slide 11, EOG continues to deliver exceptional industry leading well productivity. This outperformance was accomplished in multiple ways which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. Second, with the combination of technology gains, cost reduction and the Yates transaction we increased the Delaware Basin's resource by 155% bringing the new total to a massive $6 billion barrels of oil equivalent from 6300 net drilling locations. The increase is 3.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent larger than our total announced just one year ago on the third quarter call. Now that the resource potential has been further defined, our efforts will focus on converting the identified locations to premium, approximately 55% of the 6300 locations are currently premium and we are confident that the majority of the non-premium locations will be converted overtime. There are two ways to convert the inventory. One is by increasing oil productivity through technology since it is our precision targeting process and improved completion techniques. Two is through lowering costs, both capital costs as well as operating expenses. It is like the Eagle Ford, we are confident that our premium inventory in the Delaware Basin will continue to increase overtime. As we have discussed in the past the Delaware Basin was a large very complex geological basin. Our first step entering any play is to focus our exploration team on understanding the details of the rock characteristics. And then acquire our acreage position in areas that exhibit high quality rock potential. Majority of the acreage required in the Yates transaction demonstrates strong geologic characteristics and compliments EOGs existing acreage position. The added acreage inventory will allow us to trade blocked up acreage to provide optional use of longer laterals and more efficient use of infrastructure. Blocking up acreage will overtime continue to drive down operating costs and convert the existing inventories to premium status. Most of the acreage resource estimate is from the Wolfcamp. Our new estimate of total resource potential is 2.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This represents 123% increase to the previous estimate of 1.3 billion barrels. The elementary increase about 530 net locations but more impressively the average laterally increased by 60% over 7000 feet. We are steadily increasing the length of our laterals but more importantly maintaining our focus on targeting and completion to not diminish the productivity preferred of lateral. We have previously sub-divided the Wolfcamp into an oil-window where the production is more than 50% oil and a combo play where the production is a balanced mix of oil, natural gas and NGLs. In addition, we have tested multiple target intervals within each sub; the resource estimate uses a confirmed test results from the different tested intervals in both the oil window and the combo play but in general can be summarized as including one productive interval across our acreage with well spacing averaging 660 feet between oil windows and 880 feet between wells in the combo play. A few highlights in the third quarter are from two 660 foot spacing patterns. One with two wells and the other with 4 wells both in the upper wolf can. The two well pattern has an average 30 day production over 30,000 BOEs per day with 2100 barrels of oil per day per well. Both were drilled using shore laterals averaging 4500 feet. The 4 well pattern had average 30 day production over 2800 BOEs per day with 1900 barrels of oil per day per well. These wells were drilled using about 4900 foot laterals. Somewhere to our other resource plays, we continue to test tighter spacing and evaluate the optimal development plan for each area. In the second bound springs we upgraded our resource potential estimate from 500 million barrels of oil equivalent to 1.4 billion barrels. Another massive increase that is almost 3 times our estimate from the year ago. The Yates acreage added about half the increase with the remainder due to targeting and technology driving tremendous efficiencies. While the lendered, also known as the Avalon, is the most material of our Delaware Basin plays. We have had minimal activity in 2016, based on longer term production components and a detailed assessment of drilling locations we now estimate that the Leonard resource potential is 1.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent as compared to our previous estimate of 550 million barrels. Finally we did not expect to convert the majority, we not only expect to convert the majority 6300 locations to premium, we anticipate discovering new sources of premium drilling as we test additional areas and we find new target intervals within this geologically complex basin. We are still in the early innings of the Delaware Basin and we are excited about the future. EOGs Delaware Basin potential is rapidly improving in both sides and productivity and adds to EOGs portfolio of US unconditional assets and unique growth story. Here's David Trice.
David Trice: Thanks, Billy. In Eagle Ford we continue to make tremendous progress in costs. In the third quarter we drilled and completed 47 wells or remarkable $4.6 million per well. Well costs are being driven lower for all he reasons we mentioned in our last call. More efficient rate of operations are driving drilling days down to less than 6 days a well. Completions are also getting more efficient. In 2014 we were 600 feet of lateral per day. During this downturn, we have taken a harder look at completion operations and logistics and are now completing wells 66% faster at almost a 1000 feet per day. At the same time we continue to enhance the effectiveness of our completion as shown on Slide 28. Additionally Eagle Ford well performance continues to grow even as we push well closer together. During the third quarter we completed a set of 5 interim wells down spaced to 200 feet that were some of our best performing wells for the quarter. Core unit 10H through 14H averaged over 2000 barrels of oil per day per well for the first 30 days of production. We have been drilling the Eagle Ford for seven years and we still have so much to learn in this world class pay. Also in the Eagle Ford our enhanced oil coverage or EOR is progressing on schedule. We completed on schedule the initial phase of the 32 well pilot, our largest to date. We look forward to having results with you sometime in 2017. In the Rockies we continue to get excellent results from the firm sand in the bottom of the Basin. Our drilling program there is delivering consistent premium level returns and we are looking forward to expanding actively there next year. The 9 wells we drilled in the third quarter are producing on average almost 1600 BOEs per day for the first 30 days were drilled in under 6 days and have a total well cost of just $4.9 million normalized to a 6500 foot lateral. In addition the decline rates were relatively low, on average the wells produced almost a 100,000 BOEs per well in 90 days. The average lateral length in the third quarter was short at just 4100 feet. We expect to move to wander to 2 mile wells particularly now that the Yates transaction blocked as much of our existing acreage in the sweet part of the play. Longer laterals were planned economics similar to what we have realized in other play and is particularly helpful with respect to surface permitting efficiencies in the powder of the basins. Precision targeting has allowed us to convert the turner into a premium play. We used advanced techniques to identify to identify math and steer our wells in the narrow 15 foot window. We were able to accomplish this even while we continue to push the envelope on drilling speed. We plan to complete a total 25 net wells in the turn this year. Here's Gary Thomas.
Gary Thomas: Thanks, David. EOGs operational performance in 2016 in terms of cost and efficiency gains has been one of the best in company history. In addition to making huge improvements in well productivity, we have driven so much cost and time out of our operations that we significantly increase the number of wells we are drilling into completing. EOG will now drill approximately 90 more wells and complete 80 more wells than were originally forecast for 2016. While only increasing our development capital by $200 million. As a result our fourth quarter domestic oil production before the addition of the Yates is forecast to be 36,000 barrels of oil per day above our forecast at the start of the year. That's an amazing accomplishment and the testament is the tremendous capital efficiency gains we have made this year. When we had Yates in international volume we expect the EOGs all exit rates will be near the company's all time high set in the fourth quarter of 2014. Now let's talk about cost reduction and efficiency gains. In 2014 EOGs drilling days and total well cost in our large, 80 Bakken [ph], in working place are down 25% to 45%. Another measure of a drilling efficiency is number of wells drilled per rig per year which increased 40% in our top three place. For example, we are drilling 32 wells per rig year. On operating side we reduced cash in cost 29% and 2016 LOE alone has come down almost a $0.5 billion compared to 2014. While the major driver of cost reduction has been efficiency gains we are also benefitting from approximately half of our high-cost drilling and completion contract being replaced by rates that are 40% lower. In addition, tubular and well head cost will come down 25% with our 2017 arrangements. The market is speculating about service costs increases and how they will impact the industry. For EOG due to our integrated operations, current arrangements and continued efficiency gains we are well insulated. At a minimum we expect at least the well cost lap in 2017. Our teams continue to make significant efficiency gains. EOGs rate of return culture and large scale sweet spot positions in the best North American reserve place but still it takes continual improvement across all categories. And now for a word on ducks. Our cost leading and additional $200 million of capital will allow EOG to complete almost all of the debts we had in the inventory in the beginning of the year. The rate of return on additional capital is very strong and as I noted earlier it allows us to exit the year with oil production on an upswing near record rates and will get EOG off to a great start of 2017. We will end 2016 with approximately 140 un-completed wells, a normal level of working inventory. EOG thrives during downturns, due to our strength as a low cost operators. Our strategy of low debt, living within cash flow and focusing on returns has allowed us to be one of the few companies to preserve a balance without diluting our shareholders by raising equity to pay down debt. Furthermore, we are in the best cost and inventory position I have seen in my 40 years with the company. Our 2020 outlook is testament to that. We have accomplished this through our premier shift to premium drilling and a wide spread focus on cost control. For me whether extensive inventory or premium locations however, CLO most proud of the highly integrated efforts of our teams to deliver sustainable cost reduction. They have done an outstanding job. We're committed to maintain this focus and we are uniquely positioned for the future. Here's to Tim Driggers.
Timothy Driggers: Thanks Gary, Capitalized interest for 2016 was $8 million. Exploration and development expenditures were $660 million excluding property acquisitions which was 32% less as compared to third quarter 2015 while our production volumes decreased by just 3%. In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $16 million. We are increasing full year capital expenditure guidance from $2.6 million to $2.8 million. At the end of September, 2016 total debt outstanding was $7 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 37%. At September 30 we had more than $1 billion of cash at hand leaving us non-GAAP net debt of $5.9 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 33%. Year-to-date we have sold assets generating approximately $625 million of proceeds and associated production of 80 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. 3400 barrels of oil a day and 4290 barrels per day of NGLs. Assets sold include midland basin, Colorado DJ Basin and Hanesfield properties. The effective tax-rate for the third quarter was 30% and the deferred tax-ratio was 132%. Now I will turn it back over to Bill.
William Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Our micro view has not changed. Over the long-term we believe oil in the 40s will not sustain enough production to meet demand worldwide. While EOG can deliver strong oil growth within cash flow with $50 oil, we believe that US industry as a whole needs to sustain $60 oil prices and extended lead time to provide a moderate level of growth. Worldwide Base decline rates are slowly reducing supply and consensus view is the current large inventory overhang could return to normal levels by late 2017. We plan to issue official guidance in 2017 along with our year end results early next year. Our overarching goal in 2017 is to build momentum of the foundation of premium inventory EOG has established in 2016 as Gary explained we are completing 180 more wells than previously forecasted so we are exiting 2016 with strong oil production and we will complete a higher percentage of premium wells in 2017 versus 2016. After two years of this down cycle we are more than ready to resume high return oil growth. EOGs vision for 2017 to 2020 can be summed up with four goals; be the leader and return on capital employed. Be the US leader in oil growth, be one of the lowest cost producers in global oil market and remain committed to safety and the environment. EOGs long-term forecast has not wavered during the downturn. Our purpose is to create significant long-term shareholder value. And as we enter our recovery our unique and resilient culture has positioned the company to achieve strong results for years to come. Thank you for listening. Now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Scott Reynolds from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Reynolds: Good morning.
William Thomas: Good morning.
Scott Reynolds: Impressive job this quarter and congratulations on the increased outlook. If you step back and look at the big opportunity, we all have the premium that you described. Can you give us a sense on generally how are you looking at developing that, in terms of what formations may be high on the top of the list over the next couple of years. And how do you see pad development going forward in that play.
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott, the is Lloyd W. Helms. So on the Delaware we do expect with this increase there our activity over time will continue to increase. Especially going into next year. And our actively today has been focused largely on the Wolfcamp, I think that will stay of the majority the focus will stay on the Wolfcamp. Just to reiterate all three plays are considered premium today and we're excited about the potential. We're further along in our development at the Wolfcamp. And so, for that reason will continue that it’s next an excellent volume growth generator, extremely high rate return play. And what really need first, it also allows us to take a look at, this shallower objectives as we drove around through those, that gives us a better idea of long-term potential and how the drilling program in those place will develop. And in the future. In the second part your question there about pad, drilling, we are continuing to develop pads that are drilling, as we develop the field now. And that will continue as we add the shallower zones as well. The good thing about that is we putt in the infrastructure once, for all those wells to share, in the future. So I incrementally - of return for those programs in the future will continue to increase. As we share that infrastructure, that's no doubt for the initial completions.
Scott Reynolds: Great, that's good and then in my follow up. This quarter you guys are now producing more oil than - it's over 50% which was a - it was a pretty good heavy lifting here over the last few years to get there. And when you look at your long-range outlook, could you give us a sense of how some of the resource pieces contribute to that, so specifically what is the premium producing today with EOGs [ph] for producing today and in your long range outlook, where did those plays go.
William Thomas: Scott, we never broke it out but - And so I think really what I think about the company is that we have a very strong diversified portfolio. And from year-to-year from actually maybe even quarter-to-quarter we shift our capital to where were we are ceding the highest rate returns. And I think changed over time. As Billy said, obviously the Delaware is giving that bigger and better for us, so it will get more capital next year than it got this year. And the EOG - will still get a lot of - lot of capital, in the Rockies play, particular the Powder River Basin will get a lot of capital. But I think, you need to be thinking of my view, very balanced, very large and very diversified portfolio.
Scott Reynolds: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Subash Chandra with Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra: Hi, good morning. First question is, when I think about the number of locations in the Wolfcamp. Is it two zones, that you're thinking about, in each of the oil and combo plays? And what the status of the lower Wolfcamp if you had any results there.
Billy Helms: Yes Subash, this is Billy Helms again, So when the Wolfcamp we generally think about yes two, mainly two, we have two zones, the upper middle is what we assess resource potential too. But within each one, there are multiple target intervals. So you can think about is having multiple targets with each play and we assess the potential mainly and in areas where we tested each one, and we've based that on our confirm test, comparing results of each one. That's how we've kind of rolled up the resource potential there. I'm sorry. What was second part of your question? Yes, the lower Wolfcamp. So you have a lower Wolfcamp we have had some test, I'd say the majority of our test so far have been in the upper part of the zone. But we have said some testing what we call the middle of camp. And those results are encouraging as well.
Subash Chandra: Okay. So if I hear you correctly, it's a very highly risk [ph] measure your locations that you published to-date but if I just did not resource map across multiple levels I can get many more locations and what you publish.
Billy Helms: Yes, I think the way you think about that is; our results are based on our confirm test, in each one of the intervals and then we allocate that to sticks on the map kind of the approach, where we - is not just taking them - not total number breakers and dividing it by well spaces, it's actually geologically looking at where those perspectives intervals are exists, we mapped them out, pretty extensively and then place well locations on the spot to assess the potential. So, but you're right it only goes to the zones we tested and we do collect additional intervals to test going forward.
Subash Chandra: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate: Thank you, good morning everybody. But I wonder if I could as you about the 22 well on Delaware this quarter. There is still the shorter wells but with well rates appear to still be - maybe I'm getting this wrong but it was but there still substantially better, than you can go longer lateral implied type. Can you help me understand what the implications are, the run rate that been on those recent locations [ph].
Billy Helms: Yes, this is Billy Helms, we are excited about the potential that we're seeing in these - in these zones more recently in there. We along the laterals are giving us a lot more efficiently, lot more reserved per well, higher production rates. And our EUR assessment for the play, though is taking what we've tested across the play. And some of those tests are a little older, so we're trying to cooperate all the test we have. And all of the wells are not benefiting from the latest results, so and - so our results continue to improve and we assess that as time goes forward, and I think the tremendous thing that we are seeing it's just the benefits from our targeting and how that's really enhancing the productivity, and that really comes from our detailed working in continual work on assessing that geological potential to play. And so, that's why we're confident, that as we continue to improve that technique, and gain more understanding that we're going to see additional intervals [ph]. That will add to the resource over time. So we fully expected the resource in the play will continue to increase.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, Billy. [Indiscernible] Wolfcamp oil at 1.3 million. It was quite a while you completed in the third quarter.
Timothy Driggers: No, that's exactly what I - and the wells were completed in the third quarter are including and actually year-to-date the results are still stronger than what our resource update is. So again, I think it's a testament to the technology and the things we're continued to expand on and learn. So yes, I think there is additional upside potential there.
William Thomas: Yes, if I could add a little more color there. This is bill Thomas. The water [ph] quality drive the productivity all the plays and so, we're getting better and better at identifying them the better quality lock [ph] in each one these plays and they were giving considerably better at locating the lateral with a precision targeting in keeping the lateral in that good rock, for long period long part of the lateral, so there is a process for learning. We probably learn more about rock quality and targeting, and execution on that part of the process in the last year, so that we've ever wanted. So there's a lot of upsides as Billy, said and talked about which he does a lot of upside left to go in that process.
Doug Leggate: My follow up is quicker; it is kind of related question. If you can achieve 15% to 25%, $50 to $60 oil. If these wells continue to get better, would you choose to raise the growth rate again or do more with less? I'm thinking about constraints on the infrastructure on things about nature [ph]. Thank you.
Billy Helms: Well, there is a limit on how fast we want to go, in each one these plays. Because you don't want to go faster than a learning curve and certainly you do have to stay ahead of the infrastructure process. And we don't want to use less than the capital efficiency, we like to continue to increase the capital efficiency as we go along. But we're going to be very disciplined and are spending approach. And the rates-to-return just to say a bit about that the rate-to-return that we're getting on the premium, is that the minimum return, that means the lowest return well, in the 6,000 well inventory generates a 30% rate of return. At $40 in 2015 flat gas prices. So the returns on the average well is much, much higher than 30% of these are exceptionally strong well.
Doug Leggate: Thanks for the clarification, Billy, appreciate it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: Good morning guys, and impressive results again. Bill my first question is you got about $2 billion resource and indicated that's likely to rise over time. That is the best it has been in 40 years. So you're clearly not resource constraints, so how do you think about potential asset sales given acreage prices and given it appears like lots of BMPs [ph] are reaching a similarly conclusion at a similar time, and it's first mover advantage, what would your thoughts there.
William Thomas: Evan, as we continue to generate more potential. And we continue to high grade that, if those give us a lot more opportunity for just high grading our asset portfolio good property sale. So we're going to continue that process, evaluating each asset - and fits into the future of the company. And on core assets, that are the ones that don't reach the premium category, it'll certainly be candidates for our asset sales in the future. And that will help keep balance sheet strong, and we want to operate from our spending stand point we want to operate within cash flow. But the property sale proceeds will continue to help us keep our balance sheet strong. And by increasing the quality of things we drill over time, obviously increases the returns, but we are also lowering the cost which will filter back down through the base, we will hire a company and lower the drilling rate. So it's a process of just getting better in all areas through times.
Evan Calio: Great. And my second question, it's a follow up to Doug's [ph] you introduced the high or low growth guidance here 15%, 25%. I mean the entire industry from small cap to chevrons projecting an impressive rising growth targets, in largely in Texas low prices. So I mean how do you - what do you think is the limitations of growth are made for EUG or where they are levels and how are you - what differentiated the EUG execution and how are you preparing to deliver that in execute better than the industry, thanks.
William Thomas: Well, I think the real advantage we have, Evan, is the rates of return that we're generating of each one of these wells, is we believe is significantly higher than industry and so that will filter down through the financials. And in due time it will show up in ROCE so our first goal as I mentioned; is to meeting the US leader in terms of [indiscernible]. And, that's a position that we historically held and I think it's a big distinguishing factor in the company.
Evan Calio: And in your rating level, if you think about it maximum growth rate achievable within the organization outside of your sheet?
William Thomas: Well, I don't want to speculate on that. We want to stay efficient and we want to continue to get better so as I talked about before there we want to stay discipline and under control. And so the goal is to get better not just to get there. We're going to try to tackle at from that standpoint.
Evan Calio: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Bill, to you and the rest you're team there. I'd like to ask a question about the estimate resources assessments the Yates of transaction, I think you get pertinent information on your slides specifically Slide 9. You have the resource per well. For the Yates acquisition around 9-20 of next year, higher than what you had to give an incumbent in your portfolio. Can you talk about what the factors - what factors that product that higher per well resource reflects and it may be is that up a piece of a bigger picture that in general the rock qualities are higher as you. As you move up into Mexico whether you get deeper higher pressure perhaps longer, lateral life that driving that.
Billy Helms: Yes, Charles, this is Billy Helms. So when we assess most of the Yates on the average, it was generally on the basis one-mile laterals. And we sense that we come back in and assess the potential across all the plays. And as you've noticed lateral link on the most of the across the whole portfolio, has increased to about 7,000 feet per well in the old window. And even greater in the combo window. And so, I think the allowed the initial estimate you saw their Slide 9, were based on our assessment only made the transaction. And per Yates and those were based on the essentially one mile a well. So that's the - that's the majority of the difference.
Charles Meade: Okay, thanks.
William Thomas: But as we move into this, the one thing that the Yates does allow us to do is to block it out with our existing acres. So we fully expect to be able to drill these longer laterals across all the portfolio.
Charles Meade: Got it thank you and then, Bill I thought I could ask a question about the 15%, 25 % that you put out you touched on this I believe on the last conference call about how that - how that trajectory might shift or evolve over the 2017 to 2020 framework. Do you see that whether we're talking about that $50 low end or the $60 high end? Do you see that being back end weighted or you have a growth accelerating to that two-year timeframe, or it more likely the front end weighted.
William Thomas: Charles, as you look at the slides, in the front part of the slide deck it shows in 2017 the growth rate is smaller, and it grows over time. So in 2017 it's less than 15% at $50, and into 2020 it's probably more than 15% at $50, it's a more back end weighted.
Charles Meade: Got it, that's detailed look, thank you, Bill.
Operator: Our next question will come from Pearce Hammond with Simmons Piper Jaffray.
Pearce Hammond: Good morning and thanks to the helpful color in the release on the Delaware base. My first question Bill is on our rigs and what the rig count could look like based upon this long-term production oil production growth plan. Kind of where are you right now on rig count and I know you haven't given seventeen guidance but looking at this long-term oil production growth plan, where do you see rigs reversing to, any color you can provide on that would be helpful.
Gary Thomas: This is Gary Thomas. Right now we have 15 rigs operating domestic, we got one international that being in traded at. And we as you say we have disclosed what we had planned for 2017. However, just with the rig efficiency that we've seen over the last two years and what the type rigs we have in place. We will not be required to ramp up the number rigs very much for both standing plan that we put in place. Just have a tremendous amount of flexibility. The one thing that we've 2016 most of our rigs were under long-term contracts high rates, as we mentioned Yates will have only about half that number for 2017, that we have put in place right that about 40% lower for especially the same number rigs.
Pearce Hammond: Great. Within those 15 great, how are those broken out right now?
Gary Thomas: Right now, we've got five in Midland that's really what we very average this year and that is that Delaware Basin, we have six now in San Antonio. So we have four in rocking mountains because we have one rig that was required on the Yates position in the Powder River Basin. And we will let it go but as we've mentioned earlier, we're going to be taken up an additional rig for the Delaware basin year end. And also for San Antonio for the Eagle.
Pearce Hammond: Great. As of my follow up, after pertains to sand loading. In just curious in the Delaware basin specifically, where you on sand loadings right now, you have you reached a point of diminishing returns on sand loading or we not there yet.
Gary Thomas: This is Gary Thomas. We're still experimenting near the Delaware basin, I might just take you back to the Eagle Ford operated for so many years. We found the point of diminishing returns as a matter fact here sand loading for 2016 on the average is slightly less than what it was in 2015. So we got a pretty good hand as to what we anticipate has an optimum sand loading rate there for the Delaware basin.
Pearce Hammond: Can you share with that is that like an Eagle Ford, on a pallet per foot basis?
Billy Helms: This is Billy Helms. Just to add a little more color on that. It will vary in each area and we've tested as much is maybe 3,000 pounds per foot which is probably not going to be applicable across all the plays, in every area, is probably an average somewhere between 2,000 to 2800 probably in that range. Down the zone and where it is but it's it'll be a broad range depending on that play and where it is in that play.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you very much.
William Thomas: Well, that's what we're in the process of trying as Gary, mentioned.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you, good morning.
William Thomas: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: First couple questions on the Eagle Ford, can you add more color on the stacked - staggered spacing test put 200 foot spacing into context in terms of how widespread that that may be applicable, and then the total locations per unit that would represent. And how do you view well economics and you are as a given that you pin that applying some enhanced targeting and completion over a more for more than a year.
David Trice: Brian, this is David Trice. On the stack stagger targeting and the spacing we've had - we've been working on that for well over a year, and we're seeing good results on that and as we noted there on the quarter, we're not seeing any degradation the areas that we're doing that. So it's not applicable over the entire position. Some places we do have a too good targets in the lower Eagle Ford. And so, we were certainly doing that there but I think over time will continue to just seeing that improves the targets in a little bit better. And we work on the on the compilations. But again, it's not applicable on all areas, because some areas are - have little just one target, so it really throughout the play we're looking at anywhere from a 200 foot spacing 3 or 350 depending on the area.
Brian Singer: Got it, thanks. And then shifting over that Poweder River Basin which that seems like your employing similar strategy here as with that - you are in the premium can you talk to the potential cost savings for BOE from deploying longer laterals in the PRB. And then what type of activity do you think we can see and how prospective, do you view opportunities beyond the turners sand.
David Trice: This is David, again. In the Powder River, we're still really early endings there, we've been testing very stones that were we've been focused mainly on the Turner lately, but we do see a lot of upside as far as extending these laterals like we mentioned earlier that we're seeing a big up lift on the economics, and about our rivers as we do in other places. So we do think going forward, is going to be a bigger part of the program.
Brian Singer: Got it, thanks, and just in area that you mentioned exploratory the potential for further exploration and this may not count as exploration because you already have some premium locations built, but how does the Powder fall in, in terms of incremental opportunities for EOG on the trajectory.
William Thomas: Well again, I think the area where we have stacked by nearly got 4,000 to 5,000 feet of potential there is similar to the Delaware Basin. But like I mentioned we are we are early we are still testing a lot of targets. And we did have a substantial acreage position there. We got 200,000 net acres really in core of the play. But really across the basin we've got to kind of more than exploration we have got more like 4,000 acres. So again not that big thing that there's potential for progression additional activity here in the Poweder [ph].
Brian Singer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd: Thanks, and good morning. A longer term strategic question for you guys, how do you - how do you think about the potential to generate free cash flow prior to the collapsing crude we seen you reach a point where all you cash return for shareholders became slightly more meaningful component of shareholder return as reflected by some pretty substantial increases to the dividend. When you look out over the next few years. Do you vision dividend growth becoming more meaningful again are the outlook for growth change enough that we should expect all incremental cash flow going to drilling for the foreseeable future.
William Thomas: Ryan, the dividend certainly very important to us. And as the business environment improves, and process improves we'll start considering increasing the dividend again, and then certainly generating free cash flow as we go. I think we want to begin to do, we generate just a slight amount in the fourth quarter. So that's a goal that we want to continue to focus on as we go forward. So free cash flow and dividend growth will be a part of game plan. As the business environment improves.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thank you. Then maybe one just as we think about the infrastructure, I know you talked about a little bit, any constraints in the permanent infrastructure side. In terms of kind of [indiscernible] through what we should expect to spend on like its 15% of the capital budget a reasonable amount or anything the ballpark how much what your needs are going to be as you ramp over the next three or four years.
Gary Thomas: Ryan, this is Gary Thomas. Just to address you on the infrastructure spending for next year, it will be a very similar to what we've had the last several years. We want to stay up a little bit a head and they'll be in that 18% to 20% of our capital. Will let - address our position on infrastructure there
William Thomas: Yes, Hi Ryan, good morning. The thing is we have done a great job on gas take away and when you think about the expenses gas gathering and we're going to have multiple market connections in the area, so we plan on exiting this year with over $300 million today of strong, so when we think about that coupled with our NGL transportation of vaccination capacity, we really don't see any constraints on the gas at all. And then also maybe just to add on oil too, we're actually finalizing agreements renewable terminal that's going to be all the - service and late 2017. The work that will have all the market diversification whether that's the Gulf coast - and also just continuing to align ourselves with our strategic providing partner. So, we wouldn't be more excited about the development, to say nothing have occurred.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude our Q&A session, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mister Thomas for any additional or closing remark.
William Thomas: In closing, I want to say thank you to all the tremendous EOG employees were making the record setting accomplishments went down this year of reality. Everyone listening, do you not think EOG is maxed out, we are willing to improve, and we've seen modeled on the trade opportunities ahead of us and we look forward to 2017 and beyond. So thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call, thank you all for your participation you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources 2016 second quarter results conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thank you and good morning, thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2016 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the press release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are: Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing Operations; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included guidance for the third quarter and full year 2016 in yesterday's press release. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review our shift to premium drilling and the long-term growth outlook we introduced in yesterday's press release. Billy Helms and David Trice will review notable achievements in select plays. I will then discuss EOG's financials and capital structure, and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. EOG's goal during this downturn has been squarely focused on resetting the company to be successful in a low commodity price environment. We are focused on lowering operational costs and achieving a strong return on capital invested in a $40 oil environment. Our goal is to continue to be the U.S. leader in investment returns and be competitive with the lowest cost producers in the global oil market. On this call this morning we have important updates that highlight significant progress towards reaching our goals. First, per unit lease operating costs decreased by 27% in the first half of 2016 versus 2015, and per unit cash operating costs in the first half are down 15% compared to full-year 2015 and 30% below 2014 levels. Second, with outstanding capital efficiency gains, we exceeded the high end of our second quarter U.S. oil production target, and we are increasing our full-year U.S. oil forecast by 2% without increasing CapEx guidance. Third, we have increased our premium inventory by 34% and increased our premium reserve potential by a whopping 75%. And fourth, we closed on $425 million of non-core property sales this year. Along with maintaining our strong balance sheet, we are updating our portfolio by investing in high-return premium assets. As a reminder, a premium well is defined by an after-tax direct rate of return of at least 40% at $40 oil. We believe this metric makes EOG unique in the U.S. when it comes to quality of inventory and investment returns. There are a few additional points regarding this definition of premium that I want to be sure are very clear. Number one, 30% is a minimum return. This means the average return for our premium drilling inventory is clearly higher. Number two, 30% was selected as a minimum so that the fully-loaded investment, including all indirect costs, generates a healthy all-in corporate rate of return. Number three, 30% at $40 oil is the premium benchmark regardless of what the prevailing market price for oil is, meaning if oil goes to $50 or $60, the returns quickly move into the triple-digit range. Finally, premium inventory is a return-based metric. It can be achieved by cost reductions or productivity increases or a combination of both. Because our technical and efficiency gains are sustainable, we are confident that a large majority of our remaining inventory will be converted to premium over time. EOG's shift to premium is a new chapter for the company. Premium drilling establishes a higher permanent standard for capital allocation, and therefore will significantly increase capital productivity over time. This shift enables EOG to deliver high-return robust growth using far less capital at a far lower oil price. Which leads me to another highlight from yesterday's press release, the 2020 growth outlook we provided. Due to the sustainable gains in well productivity and cost, we can grow oil production at a 10% compound annual growth rate at $50 oil. At $60 oil, our compound annual growth rate jumps to 20%. And most importantly, we can deliver that oil production growth while covering our capital expenditures and our dividend with cash flow, enabling us to meet our goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet. As prices improve, we expect to incrementally reduce the net debt-to-capital ratio to our historical norm of 30% or less by generating free cash flow and, to a lesser extent, through non-core property sales. While the shift to premium drilling has tremendous impact on EOG's returns, growth, and capital productivity, the question remains. Is this shift really permanent? In other words, can EOG continue to replace its premium inventory? And the answer is yes. The three ways we add premium inventory are conversion, exploration, and acquisition. The first and most immediate way is through conversion. Converting well locations that were on the edge of the 30% hurdle rate is a source of the 1,100 new premium locations we announced yesterday. Furthermore, we have much more inventory on the verge of conversion. By improving well productivity or lowering cost, in most cases both, we expect much of our current non-premium inventory in the top basins to be converted to premium over time. Improvements to well productivity and cost savings are ongoing and never ending. In a moment, Billy Helms and David Trice will talk more about how productivity improvements, cost reductions, and longer laterals will add to premium inventory. The second way we add premium inventory is through exploration. EOG is a leader in organic exploration growth because at our core we are an exploration-driven company. In this lower commodity price environment, we have not stopped looking. With EOG's decentralized structure, we have six experienced exploration teams in the U.S. generating new ideas, acquiring leases, and developing new plays. EOG is a prospect generating machine, and our shift to premium has not slowed that effort down. In fact, it has enhanced the return hurdle by which new plays are evaluated. The third way we expect to add premium inventory is through targeted bolt-on acquisitions. Due to the current low commodity cost environment, we are actively pursuing opportunities to capture top-tier acreage. We were successful on four such transactions in the Delaware Basin last year, and are optimistic we can execute on more through this down cycle. I am confident that we can replace premium-level drilling every year through conversions, exploration, and acquisitions. And as I said last quarter, this shift to premium drilling is permanent and it's a game-changing event for EOG. Now I'll turn it over to Billy Helms to discuss the Eagle Ford.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production: Thanks, Bill. As highlighted in the press release yesterday, we added 390 net locations to our Eagle Ford premium inventory. That's a 25% increase to our original estimate six months ago, and takes the total premium well count in the Eagle Ford to almost 2,000 locations. Two thousand locations represents 10 years of premium high-return drilling. What's more, there are at least 2,000 more Eagle Ford locations that are on the verge of premium designation. To convert these locations, we will need to reduce current well cost by 10% or improve EURs by 10%. Slide 11 of our investor presentation illustrates this. By making small, very attainable improvements, we can add another 10 years of premium high-return Eagle Ford inventory from our existing acreage. I am confident we will make this conversion over time. One of the ways we convert locations to premium is by drilling longer laterals. Our success in the western Eagle Ford, as illustrated on slide nine, is a good example. The trick with longer laterals is to maintain, or preferably enhance, productivity per foot of lateral. Due to engineering breakthroughs in EOG's completion design, we have gone out as far as two miles with no degradation in productivity per foot. While longer laterals will be one source of future premium inventory, two more significant sources will be EOG's focus on performance improvement through advancing our technical understanding and lowering cost. On the technical side, geological and geophysical advancements enable us to refine our precision targeting efforts. For example, we are determining where there may be multiple lower Eagle Ford targets to support drilling a W pattern. We are also working to understand where the upper Eagle Ford is prospective. While the prospective area for the upper Eagle Ford is geographically limited, there are some sweet spots that may contribute premium well locations. Finally, as we discussed last quarter, we will be completing seven additional Austin Chalk wells and continue to delineate the play and understand its full potential. On the cost side, we are finding creative ways to drive costs down further. We are drilling more wells per pad with more efficient rigs designed for pad drilling. The rig design allows for simultaneous operations such as conducting drilling and cementing operations on multiple wells at the same time, reducing both time and cost. On the completion side, we continue to optimize proppant schedules and stage lengths, reduce cost for items like sand and chemicals, while maintaining the EOG high-density completion process. Our continuing focus on every facet of our operations has allowed us to drop Eagle Ford total well cost another 11% year to date to $5.1 million. Also, we continue to be encouraged with our enhanced oil recovery or EOR projects. As a reminder, the process is highly economic and provides another way to create premium inventory. It not only increases the recovery, but also provides a means to flatten the field production decline. Finally, I'll draw your attention to slide 23. We added another line to the chart representing 2016 year-to-date cumulative production. Year after year, we improve our well productivity in the Eagle Ford. Much of this year's increase can be attributed to our shift to premium drilling. However, as slide five illustrates, just 60% of our 2016 drilling program is premium, so we expect to see this chart show improvement for many years to come. Now here's David Trice.
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thanks, Billy. Like the Eagle Ford, the Delaware Basin also added to its premium drilling inventory. Five hundred twenty net locations were added across all three plays, the Wolfcamp, Second Bone Spring, and Leonard. The new premium total now stands at more than 1,700 locations. That's almost 20 years of premium high-return drilling. In the Delaware Basin, the main driver of premium additions was improvement in well productivity through better targeting and completions. For example, slide seven of the investor presentation shows EOG's 2016 Wolfcamp oil wells produced more than 200,000 barrels equivalent on average in the first 180 days. That's a 17% increase in the 180-day cumulative oil production over wells in our 2015 program. More importantly, it shows a 45% uplift over a typical 750 MBOE well, which is the gross per well EUR given in our last Wolfcamp update. Finally, it's worth noting that the data in this chart is normalized to 4,500-foot laterals, meaning EOG's 4,500-foot laterals in the Delaware Basin are as good or better than the 10,000-foot laterals in the Midland Basin. In addition to productivity gains, longer laterals in the Delaware Basin are another way we've added premium locations to the Wolfcamp as well as the other two plays. Innovations made to wellbore design in the last six months allow us to drill longer while still applying high-density completions so that we do not sacrifice long-term reserves. The new design will allow us to maintain high recovery rates on the longer laterals while lowering costs and increasing returns. Sixteen gross Wolfcamp oil and combo wells were brought online in the second quarter, with an average 30-day rate of more than 2,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day and an average lateral length of 6,500 feet. These are industry-leading Wolfcamp results regardless of operator or basin, as shown on slide eight of our investor presentation. EOG expects to complete 70 Wolfcamp wells in 2016. While the effort in the last couple years has clearly been focused on the Wolfcamp, we have been able to collect a tremendous amount of data on all of the shallower targets such as the Second Bone Spring and the Leonard Shale. Despite limited drilling this year, results in the Second Bone Spring have also been impressive. Ninety-day cumulative production has increased 27% over 2015 wells and 60% better than a typical 500 MBOE well. The Second Bone Spring tends to be more stratigraphically complex, so additional data we collect from drilling Wolfcamp wells has aided in much better targeting, longer laterals, and more premium wells. We expect similar or better uplifts to our Leonard Shale results on a go-forward basis. In the Rockies, we've had great success in the Powder River Basin and Wyoming DJ Basin. As announced in our press release yesterday, we drilled three Turner wells last quarter that averaged almost 2,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Completed well costs, which include drilling, completion, and on-lease facilities averaged $5.4 million for a 6,500-foot lateral, down from $6.5 million in 2015. These Turner wells are incredibly economic at $40 oil. We plan to drill a total of 20 net wells in the Turner this year. When we conducted our first count of premium inventory in December of last year, the DJ Basin Codell in Wyoming was slightly below the premium threshold. Due to sustainable cost reductions and better targeting, we added 200 premium locations in this play. Currently, Codell wells cost $5.9 million for a 9,400-foot lateral. As noted in press release yesterday, our latest Codell well produced approximately 1,400 barrels of oil equivalent in the first 30 days. We expect costs and well improvements to continue and are working to expand gas takeaway options in Wyoming. The DJ Basin Codell will become a larger part of our premium drilling program in the near future. In the East Irish Sea, I'm happy to report that Conwy is currently producing approximately 10,000 barrels of oil per day. During the second quarter, Conwy was down due to issues on the Douglas production platform. While Conwy wells were initially tested at a daily rate over more than 20,000 barrels of oil, results from recent production testing indicate that the optimal level of production is 10,000 barrels of oil per day. For the remainder of the year, we expect to average about 4,000 to 8,000 barrels of oil per day to accommodate further tests and potential downtime. Here's Tim Driggers.
Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks, David. Capitalized interest for the second quarter of 2016 was $9 million. Exploration and development expenditures were $624 million excluding property acquisitions, which is 49% less as compared to second quarter 2015, while our total production volumes decreased by just 2%. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant, and equipment were $20 million. We have maintained our full-year capital expenditure guidance of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion. At the end of June 2016, total debt outstanding was $7 billion and the debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 37%. At June 30, we had $780 million of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $6.2 billion, for a net debt-to-total cap ratio of 34%. Year to date, we have sold $425 million of assets with associated production of 45 million cubic feet per day of natural gas, 3,300 barrels of oil per day, and 3,700 barrels per day of NGLs. Assets sold include Midland Basin and Colorado DJ Basin properties. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 23%, and the deferred tax ratio was 214%. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim; now a brief word on our macro view and how it relates to our 2016 plans. Even though oil prices have been volatile, our view of supply/demand fundamentals has not changed. We believe $40 oil will not provide enough cash flow or investment return to overcome the combined effect of production decline and demand growth worldwide. While EOG can deliver healthy growth in cash flow at $50 oil, we continue to believe the U.S. horizontal oil industry as a whole needs a sustained $60 oil price and extended lead time to deliver a moderate level of growth. As we discussed last quarter, the substantial reduction in capital investments by the industry since 2014 is causing oil supply to decline in many producing regions worldwide. As production continues to decline, the inventory overhang will slowly work off. The consensus view is the market will balance during 2017. For 2016, given the uncertainty of the current commodity environment, we are maintaining our CapEx guidance at $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion. However, as a result of cost savings, we are increasing our well count to 250 drilled wells and 350 completed wells. This is an additional 50 wells drilled and 80 completions above our original plan for the same CapEx. In summary, I would like to leave you with the following important takeaways from this call. Number one, we continue to reduce operating costs. We believe these reductions are sustainable, and we have additional efforts underway to reduce future operational costs. Number two, our shift to premium is achieving what we believe are the strongest investment returns at $40 oil in the U.S. Number three, our shift to premium is permanent. We are confident we can grow premium quality inventory much faster than we drill it. Number four, we continue to exceed our U.S. production targets by increasing capital efficiency. We believe these efficiency gains are sustainable and give EOG a significant advantage as we enter the next recovery. And number five, we are maintaining our strong balance sheet through disciplined spending. I'll close this call with our view of EOG's future through 2020. There are four goals we plan to achieve. The first goal is to be the U.S. leader in rate of return on capital investments. The second goal is to be the low-cost U.S. producer and therefore competitive in the global oil market. Our third goal is to be the leader in Lower 48 absolute oil growth through 2020. And our fourth goal is to maintain a strong balance sheet through disciplined spending. By achieving these four goals, we will accomplish our ultimate goal of creating long-term shareholder value. Producing growth by consistently outspending and drilling uneconomic wells is not in EOG's vocabulary. We firmly believe that growth should be the result of strong returns and disciplined spending. EOG's unwavering commitment to our long-term shareholders is to focus on returns first. The company is uniquely positioned to produce strong returns and resume high-return growth as commodity prices improve. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our first question today from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning, everybody, and good results to close out earnings here.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: My first question, Bill, is how quickly can you get into the 10% annual growth rate, the bottom of your new growth at $50? It looks a little bit back-end loaded on slide 14. And I guess my question is, do DUCs allow for fast return? And what signals do you need to add rigs to move towards these targets?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, of course, Evan. The driver is oil price. And as oil prices improve above the $50 level, the more capital we'll add and the faster we'll ramp up our activity. We're not limited on beginning out very significantly. We have ongoing operations and enough rigs and equipment going now, and the DUCs really help us get off to a good start. But it is, as you can tell from the chart on slide 14, it's not 10% every year. So 2017 will start off incrementally at a lower rate, and then we'll build from there as we go forward. And of course, as volumes grow, cash flow grows too, so the process multiplies itself as we go forward.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: What drives the higher growth in the back end of the decade? Does that reflect the EUR base decline management, or is that all an effect from premium locations?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The whole driver for us being able to grow at these kinds of rates at these low oil prices is really the switch to premium and the lowering of the well cost at the same time. The productivity of the wells is just a tremendous uptick from where we were in 2014, and so the capital efficiency I believe has more than doubled since that time. We did not put in the outlook, we did not put any EOR investments in there or production response, so that's really not a part of the outlook that we did. Of course, the EOR has great capital efficiency. It's just as good as premium, and we're working it in over time as is appropriate.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, I'll leave there for somebody else. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thanks, good morning, everybody. Bill, this is pretty exciting. Obviously, we see this as the formal change I guess. I guess the question I have is you could pretty much, assuming you're right on the macro, you could pretty much assume to grow at whatever pace you want as it relates to inventory. I'm guessing a 10% hurdle is not, for your track record, that difficult to achieve. So what are the constraints that you see to EOG's growth aspirations as relates to people, infrastructure, and maybe even a switch in capital towards EOR or back to shareholders?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, the constraints would be – I think the biggest one would be we don't want to lose the capital efficiency gains that we have built in right now, and so we don't want to go so fast that we're bringing in equipment and people and spending money and drilling wells and really lose these efficiency gains that we've got right now. So if oil, say, went to $70 or $60 or $70 really quick, we could ramp up appropriately, but we wouldn't do it overnight. We couldn't do it overnight. We would have to build up the service quality, and we would certainly want to maintain our efficiencies that we've already built in. That's the one thing we don't want to do. Of course, we want to focus on our balance sheet and to get that net debt-to-cap back down to below 30% also. So I believe I'll let Gary Thomas chime in on that. He can give some color on that.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, Doug. As Bill was saying, the premium drilling is what helps us with the growth forward because it just requires fewer wells, and we'll not be having to ramp up to the number of rigs that we had, for instance, in 2014. And another reason is because of the productivity by rig. If you could, look at Exhibit 20 showing that. But we've got a plan in place to be able to ramp up to maintain our efficiencies and more than likely continue to reduce our costs.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: I appreciate the answer. Go on...
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: To answer your question on would we buy back shares, that's really not in our plans at this time. We're not opportunity limited. That's an important part of the process. And so geologically, we don't have an opportunity limit there. So we would ramp up appropriately to maintain the discipline and to reduce the debt at the same time.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Bill, I appreciate the detailed answer. Hopefully my quick follow-up is just on the balance sheet. Clearly, there are going be some assets that maybe don't make it into the premium inventory. So as you've now made this permanent shift, rather than get specific, could you quantify for us? What impact on your base production do you think disposals could ultimately represent? Because obviously that would amplify the implied growth rate going forward. And I'll leave it there, thanks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, on the oil growth rate, I don't believe it's going impact it significantly at all. The things that we've targeted this year are mostly gassy properties to sell. And as we go forward, they would either be kind of combo-ish or gas properties going forward. So on the oil growth, property sales shouldn't be a factor much at all.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: I appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next is Pearce Hammond with Simmons.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Good morning and thanks for the helpful long-term plan. My first question is given the rise in completion activity, do you believe you have enough access to enough Texas-based finer sands, or will you need to use more of the white sands, potentially requiring you to reactivate your Wisconsin mines?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production: Pearce, we have both available to us. We've been working on our own Texas mines and plant and expanding there as far as our capability, as well as working on our Wisconsin plant, being able to reduce costs and put in place improved transportation. So we believe that we have adequate sand, and we believe we've been able to lower our sand cost as well, and we're seeing that helping our cost here in 2016. So we've got plenty of sand available. We feel like we've got most all of our resources available to us as well. The thing that's really helped us during this downturn is we've been able to just continue increasing our efficiencies. And before, I probably mentioned that we thought that as far as our cost reductions, maybe two-thirds were sustainable. With what we've seen here from 2015 going to 2016, we've lowered our well cost in all of our areas somewhere 11% to 13%, and that's just through increased efficiencies. So those will go forward with us.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Thank you, Billy, very helpful. And then my follow-up. Bill, as you look at the non-premium inventory, big picture thought, does it make sense to divest more of it, or do you need to hold on to some of it and let technology catch up to that so you can move the acreage into the premium category? So I just want to get your big picture thoughts on how you view that non-premium inventory.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Pearce, I'll let Billy address that, Billy Helms.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production: Yes, Pearce. So in our inventory, as we continue to demonstrate, we can add more and more to our premium inventory. There's some of the inventory that may never make it to that. So we're looking at what options are best to bring that value forward, whether it's monetize that property or produce it out for a period of time or whatever the optionality is. We have a tremendous amount of flexibility. We haven't designated certain properties yet to be put on the market, but we'll just be opportunistic in that approach and evaluate each one independently. We haven't really considered any of those volumes, as Bill said, in our four-year or five-year plan. And so as he mentioned, they'll be mostly gas or gas combo-type plays, so that really won't affect oil production guidance any.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now go to Subash Chandra with Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning. So the question was, in creating these premium locations, do you find the best rock gets better, or are you equally successful in converting Tier 1/Tier 2 rock to premium?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production: I think the rock quality is a very big driver on the premium, and the higher the quality of the rock, the better it responds to the technical advances we make in the completions. There's no question about that. So I think one of the things that's not clearly understood in the horizontal shale industry is that these sweet spots in these plays, especially in the oil plays, are not very large. So capturing the very highest quality rock is extremely important and certainly something that EOG has excelled in and focused on over the years, and it really is the biggest driver of productivity.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. My follow-up is, how many completion crews do you have active in your basins, and is there a rig count-to-completion crew ratio that we should think about?
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: This is Gary Thomas. We have now eight completion units running and we've got anywhere from 11 to 12 rigs, and that's a pretty good ratio as far as an average.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Could you scale up the rig count without adding completion units materially?
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: We could, yes. It depends on where you add the rigs. If we added in the Eagle Ford, we would have to add fewer completion units, for instance, there. They're just so efficient after having operated there for the last seven or eight years.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: All right, thank you. Great quarter, thanks.
Operator: Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank is next.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys, maybe a couple points of clarity. Can you talk about – the incremental 50 wells drilled in 2016 and the 80 completions, does that involve any rig additions, or are you completing that with the existing rigs and crews that you have on hand?
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: This is Gary Thomas. What we've been able to do is just the tremendous efficiency improvements have allowed us to go ahead and do this with the same number of drilling rigs. We will be adding one or two completion units here through the second half to go ahead and take care of the 350 completions in this round. It's all being done within existing capital, planned capital.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's great, thanks. And then maybe as we look out over the next couple years, can you talk about the allocation of capital between the Eagle Ford and the Permian? As you look into 2017 and 2018, what's the expected split between capital going to each basin, and how will that change as you look forward over the next two or three years? And is that reflective of the relative rates of return between the two assets?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: As we look into 2017 and forward, the capital will be – about 45% will be in the Eagle Ford, about 45% in the Delaware, and then about 10% in the Rockies. That's a rough balance between each one of those areas. Of course, the one we've increased capital most this year is in the Delaware Basin, and that will be increased again going forward. The rates of return that we're getting in the Delaware are just outstanding as the well results we've talked about today.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So is it purely a rate of return driven exercise? The Delaware wells, have they risen to the top, or is it also a reflection of depth of inventory, infrastructure, things like that? Or is it just returns driven?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's certainly returns driven, but I would say of those three areas, if we look at our current scorecard, the returns on all three of those areas are about equal. So it has to do with inventory and returns and of course, operational efficiency.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Bill, and to the rest of your team there.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: I'd like to pick up on the theme that you mentioned a couple times in your remarks about improved capital efficiency. And certainly we're seeing that in spades today with you increasing your completed well count – or your completions by 30% and your wells drilled by 25% with the same CapEx. But I think I get the theme that this is really driven by your shift to premium drilling, and I'm looking at that left half of the slide five you have where you lay out your plans for the next few years. Is that ongoing shift to premium a fair weather vane to look at for how capital efficiency will continue to improve in 2017 and 2018, or is it the kind of thing that you think you've seen the beginnings and we shouldn't expect a whole lot more from this point forward?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that chart is very indicative of the way that capital efficiency goes. So I believe this year it's about 60% premium. Next year it's 81% premium. And then I think from 2018 forward it's 98%. So as we complete more premium wells each year, the capital efficiency will increase.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it, that's helpful. Thank you. And then if I could pick up on one of the big themes from last quarter, your Austin Chalk activity, I think I heard you mention that you're still excited about that play. Can you give us a sense? Are any of those locations in your premium count right now, perhaps under the overall Eagle Ford heading, or is this still in the exploration bucket waiting to be promoted somewhere down the road?
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Charles, this is David. As far as the Austin Chalk goes, like we mentioned last quarter, we're still delineating that play. So we're still intending to drill nine wells throughout our whole acreage position there. And currently, we don't have any Austin Chalk within our premium count, but that's clearly a potential for some upside there. Just like Bill had mentioned, one of the ways that we're going to add premium in the future is through exploration. So the wells that we've brought on, as we talked about last quarter, are clearly premium. So we're still excited about that play, but we need a little bit more data on it.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful insight, thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Bill, you've recently spoken a bit less on the topic of recovery rate. But given that you are increasing your premium inventory in part because of productivity gains and longer laterals, I wonder if you could provide an update on where you see recovery rates, particularly in the Delaware and Eagle Ford, and then the opportunity from here for further technology and productivity gains to increase resource in premium inventory and overall recoveries.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production: Brian, this is Billy Helms. On the recovery rates, we've gotten away from quoting what we think the overall recovery rate is by zone. But needless to say, it's improving. I think a large part of that, a very significant part of that is what Bill talked about earlier. It's understanding the rock, our shift to better define what targeting is, and then deploying our high-density completion process. It's really made a huge difference on the recovery rates. We really don't focus on what that recovery rate percentage is. It really doesn't help us understand our go-forward models on how these wells will perform. So it really hasn't been a focus for us, but that's the color I would give to you is that they're definitely improving with time.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Maybe I'll ask it in a slightly different way then, since you talked about the targeting and the enhanced completions specifically. What inning do you think we're in, in terms of the impact that those technological improvements are having on your productivity? Is there still a big gap? Even if you're not specific on the recovery rates, is there still a big gap where there's the opportunity for further use of these technologies to increase recovery? And are the benefits from targeting and enhanced completions fully baked into your premium resource and premium locations?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Brian, this is Bill. The targeting, we started that I believe in the latter part of 2014, and it's really in different stages and different basins. In the Eagle Ford, it's more mature there. We're probably still in the sixth inning. I've been saying this for years, but we're probably still in the sixth inning there of understanding what is the best target and working it into our W patterns and our spacing patterns. So as we get more data, even in a very mature area like the Eagle Ford, we get more data. We continue to find out more about the rock and the section, and we're able to discriminate and pick better rock all the time. So it's an ongoing process even there. In the Delaware Basin, we're probably in the second or third inning there. There's so much potential pay there, and we're still learning and we've got a lot of data to gather. As we drill the Delaware wells, we're focused on the Wolfcamp, particularly using those fantastic wells. But number two, you get to see all the Bone Spring sands and all the pays above you. And so you're gathering data as you drill these wells, and that helps with delineating targets and working the stratigraphy out in mapping. So each one of the plays is at a different position on improvements, but we think there's really a long way to go. We're not anywhere close to the end of being able to make additional improvements on that side of the business or on the cost side too. So it's an ongoing process and it's a very sustainable process.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Irene Haas with Wunderlich. Please go ahead.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Following up on the Delaware Basin, your inventory count of about 2,130 wells, I'm curious as to – for the Wolfcamp. I think mostly in Wolfcamp A, and you're doing work on the deeper horizons. Are there more headroom to add locations without really adding more acreage?
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Irene, this is David. In the Wolfcamp, really what we've targeted mostly there, we've got several targets in the upper Wolfcamp, so there are quite a few premium targets. Like Bill mentioned earlier, we're still early in the Wolfcamp, so we still see quite a bit of upside there. But clearly from the data that we show, like on the chart seven in our investor book, we've made some big progress there. These are clearly premium wells. As we go forward, we're going to have the ability to drill more and more of them with longer laterals.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: A follow-up question, I was wondering. How far are you along with your database, how many wells you have inputted in your position targeting model? Do you use existing vertical wells, horizontal wells, and core samples? I'm just trying to get a feeling as to how much more data you might need to really nail it perfectly.
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: There's a lot of industry data out there, legacy log data and everything that's helped us with that. But really what's going to drive it more than anything is, as we drill the wells and complete them and gather the data over time, you'll continue to see some improvement there. Just like you've seen, we never stop learning. We've continued to test the limits, and so I still think there's plenty of upside on the Wolfcamp.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I had a high-level question and then a follow-up. The high-level question is, it looks like you've added, say, 34% to your net locations, to premium, but the average EUR went up 75%. What's driving that?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Really, Bob, it's just the combination of better rock and better completions, and now we're going to add longer laterals to that too. So the well results, the productivity of the well increase is just very, very large and incredible. I think once there's enough of this data out in the big databases where people can analyze it and compare EOG wells versus the industry or really any other operator drilling horizontal oil wells now, they're going be very, very surprised and very, very impressed. We do have one chart in the slide deck that compares our Wolfcamp results to other operators. I believe it's slide number eight. So you might want to look at that, but the wells are just fantastic wells.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. The follow-up is, could you talk a little about the process by which a location moves or gets blessed as premium? Is that done by the asset? Is it blessed by headquarters? Is it statistical, or is it sticks on a map?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a process that really is done in our division offices. So our decentralized culture that's focused on the details right there, they're evaluating the rock, driving the costs down at the same time, and executing on the wells. They know their properties the best, and they are constantly working. And they are so focused on improving returns and improving productivity and driving down cost. So they're really driving this whole thing, and it is an amazing performance that's going on.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And there's sticks on a map there. Those locations are known lat/longs [latitude/longitude]?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, yes. The well count are absolute sticks on a map. They all have a well name.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So they're not like a spreadsheet.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Mike Scialla with Stifel.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning. Bill, you said in your prepared remarks that the minimum 30% IRR for premium wells translates to a healthy corporate rate of return. Is there a minimum ROE you can equate that to, or does that necessarily translate to positive earnings?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We picked the 30% because when you pull in our full-cost of capital, which would be infrastructure, land, G&G (53:22) and things like that, it usually draws the return down to maybe 15%. So we would like to have a minimum full-cost all-in call it capital cost rate of return of about 15%.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then, Billy, you mentioned in your prepared remarks you're seeing no degradation in productivity per foot with these longer lateral lengths. I guess is there anything specific there without giving away the trade secrets that you can talk about, maybe bigger casing size or something like that that's preventing that degradation in recoveries per foot with the long laterals? And I was wondering too, you mentioned the Eagle Ford and the Delaware, where you're going with the longer laterals. On the Eagle Ford side, is that really confined to the western portion of the play, or does it have any application in the east as well?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production: Mike, this is Billy Helms. So on the Eagle Ford, first of all, for both the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin, when we drill a longer lateral, we definitely want to make sure that we are maximizing the recovery. We're not losing efficiencies as we just drill longer laterals. So we've spent a lot of time – our operational groups have spent a tremendous amount of time trying to understand how to accomplish that. And the results we've seen so far have shown they've been very successful at maintaining that productivity per foot, especially when it results in – we're talking about EUR per foot mainly. Certainly, the initial production can somewhat be diluted a little bit just due to the longer laterals and flowing larger volumes up, restrictions on chokes and surface things, surface facilities. But the EUR per foot has been maintaining a pretty steady pace. So that's really encouraging. Now, I won't get into exactly how we're doing that. We do feel like that that is an advancement we've made internally, and we want to keep that a little bit proprietary at this time. But on the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin, both of those are benefiting from that and will continue to benefit from that.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And in the Eagle Ford, is it really on the western side of the play, or does the east have any application?
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Exploration & Production: Yes, probably more so on the western, but certainly the east side also has opportunities for that. But the east side also has a little bit more geological complexity that hampers that a little bit. But certainly, there are opportunities, and we'll find that where we can.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our final question today will come from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hello, guys. Sorry, guys, just a quick one I'll add after all you said. I was asked this morning what would happen at $40 flat to all your assumptions? Thanks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, at $40, we would adjust our capital appropriately, and we would be able to generate what we believe would be the best rates of return in the industry. That's certainly a big separator for EOG. But we would adjust our spending to cash flow and stay balanced and stay disciplined and hunker down and continue to improve. We are optimistic and we have hope, and we're not there yet, but at one day, we would be able to get our capital efficiency to a point where we could actually grow oil at $40, and we're working towards that goal. We're not there quite at the moment, but we're going to continue to focus on that. But our focus, of course, first, has always been on returns and capital discipline and keeping the company healthy in that regard.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: I've got the feeling it's just a couple of minutes and it's a long question, but could I just follow up? Could you walk us through the progression from the field level returns that you talked about after tax to the corporate level returns? I don't think anyone has asked that one, which is always a conundrum as it regards to U.S. E&P.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I did talk about that a little bit earlier. But we did put the benchmark of 30% rate of return on the direct side, which is the well cost only. We set that at that mark so that we would have room that when we put in full cost, that would be land and seismic and infrastructure, our capital rate of return, not ROCE or ROE, but our capital investment rates of return would be about 15%. Now that walks down – it's a long process, but that walks down to ROE and ROCE. But the ROE and ROCE are trailing metrics. And it takes years to get your base production to the point where it reflects the returns that you're currently drilling. So it's a long process; it takes several years to get there.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: It's the top of the hour, I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Bill Thomas for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I'm going to ask Gary Thomas to add some remarks on our progress on cost reduction and where we see that headed.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: It goes along with the last question there, and also, yes, us being competitive on the world market as it requires that we really be disciplined in spending and that we just continue to work our costs down. And that is, yes, through just all the primary efficiencies we've mentioned earlier with us having the top rigs. And you'll note too that we had quite a number of our rigs in 2016 under contracts placed a couple years ago, higher rates, $26,000 and $27,000 a rig. Now those are rolling off, and we're going to be able to replace those, about half those rigs with rates that are in the $13,000 to $15,000 per day rate. So that allows drilling costs to be down about 20% – 25%. Our tubulars, we depleted their inventory here early 2017. And with the arrangements we have in place, that will allow those costs to go down in the 20% to 25%. With our sand, as I mentioned earlier, we've reduced our production costs, optimized the transportation, just all of those sorts of things that allow us to reduce sand cost by about 15%. Same with rigs, we had many of our frac fleets under long-term contract. Half those are going away, which will allow us then to bring in the lower frac rates. We've continued to improve completion efficiency with faster completions, wireline run times, just our stage arrangements. The water infrastructure has continued to be enhanced, and it allows us to reduce our water costs. Our wellhead inventory, it's somewhat depleted, and that will allow us to reduce those costs in the 25% range. So all of this, and that probably accounts to 50% to 60% of our well cost, allows us to further reduce well cost here going into 2017. Yes, we are s pleased with the vendor help, service providers. We've got the top rigs, the top frac equipment. It's a fast-changing technology, so we're glad not to have ownership but just to work and partner with these service providers to have outstanding service at competitive prices. They're not always the same providers, but they're the best and the most cost effective in our arena. And the other thing is that our rig efficiency has improved such that, yes, we will not have to have the number of rigs we had back in 2013 and 2015. As a matter of fact, when we look at our 10% growth and our 20% growth, we think we'll be able to provide this sort of growth running somewhere between 25 rigs to 35 rigs. The number of frac plates we'll then require with the efficiency we're seeing are going to be in the 15 to 20 frac plates running for us, and that's on a compound average growth or increased rates. By the time we get to 2020, we're talking, yes, that's the 35 rigs on the 20% growth. So yes, the downturn has allowed EOG just to enhance our overall operations. Our divisions are performing especially well, continuing to lower our costs. And during the ramp up we would expect the same because if we look back and see what has been done by EOG in the period that we were growing volumes, the 30% to 40%, we will continue lowering our well cost, improving our efficiencies. And we expect our divisions to continue to do the same, especially with all the ideas we have now for further reduction. Thank you, Bill.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'd like to end this conference by saying thank you to all of the EOG team. The EOG employees are focused on returns and they're performing at an extremely high level, and we could not be more proud of each one of them. So we look forward to the days ahead. So thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Operator: Thank you very much. That does conclude our conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources 2016 first quarter results conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thank you, good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2016 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the press release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are: Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing Operations; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included guidance for the second quarter and full-year 2016 in yesterday's press release. This morning we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review our 2016 plan and first quarter highlights. Billy Helms and David Trice will review the operational results. I will then discuss EOG's financials, capital structure, and hedge position. And Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. EOG is becoming an even better company that was just a year ago about lowering development and production costs and increasing returns. In yesterday's press release, we announced two exciting developments that have the potential to be significant additional drivers of higher returns and lower costs. I'll briefly highlight those, and Billy and David will provide details in a moment. Finally, I'll review our shift to premium drilling and how this shift is a game-changing event with significant long-term implications for EOG shareholders. First, I want to highlight EOG's development of the first successful enhanced oil recovery [EOR] technology in U.S. horizontal shale. We initiated our EOR efforts in the Eagle Ford three years ago. Here's what we've learned since that time. Number one, geology matters. The Eagle Ford is unique. The same geologic characteristics that make the Eagle Ford prolific in primary development also make it unique for enhanced oil recovery. The EOR process we are using to produce incremental oil out of the Eagle Ford is not necessarily applicable to other horizontal basins. Number two, how you initially drill the field matters. Secondary recovery works best on leased units that were developed using the best completions with optimal spacing. Finally, returns matter. We figured out how to execute EOR economically. The process can be implemented at rates of return that rival our premium drilling and significantly lower finding costs over time. The second item I'll highlight is our discovery in the South Texas Austin Chalk. The term "discovery" is loaded, as many operators have been drilling the Chalk for years with varying degrees of success. Perhaps a more accurate characterization is that we discovered a new geologic concept in an existing play. Our team at EOG has cracked the code on how to make our particular footprint in the Austin Chalk a top-tier horizontal play, earning returns on par with the Eagle Ford, Permian, and Bakken. The third item I would like to review is EOG's shift to premium drilling this year. The shift is a game-changer with significant long-term implications. I will cover those implications in a moment. But first, let's review what we mean by premium. Premium inventory is defined as drilling locations that generate at least 30% direct after-tax rate of return at $40 oil. Here are a few more clarifying points regarding this inventory. First, 30% return is not an average; it's a minimum. Second, 30% was established as the minimum direct return to ensure that when indirect costs are included, the drilling program earns healthy full-cycle returns. Third, we fully expect to more than replace our drilling inventory with new premium locations every year. Therefore, and this is the most important point. Our shift to premium is permanent and not simply a temporary high-grading process in a low commodity price environment. So early 2016 will mark the point in time that EOG made a significant permanent shift in its drilling program. There are many long-term implications for that shift. The first is superior capital discipline. Premium drilling sets a new higher standard for capital allocation within the company. The second is a large capital efficiency gain. We do not need 50 rigs drilling thousands of wells per year. It will take far less capital to grow production at strong double-digit rates. The third implication is we can return to triple-digit direct rates of return with oil as low as $60 per barrel. And if history is any indication, we will continue to push the oil price needed for triple-digit returns even lower. And finally, premium drill extends our lead as the low-cost horizontal oil producer. As I outlined, our permanent shift to premium drilling this year is a game-changing event for EOG. Yesterday's announcement regarding our enhanced oil recovery success in the Eagle Ford and our Austin Chalk drilling success are two more technical and operational achievements that help us reach our long-term goal of being one of the lowest-cost producers in the global oil market. Now I'll turn it over to Billy Helms to discuss our exciting results from enhanced oil recovery in the Eagle Ford.
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thanks, Bill. Three years ago we initiated an effort to test EOR using gas injection in horizontal shale. The results from lab experiments indicated that the process was technically feasible, but the economics and operational execution were going to be challenged without some creative problem solving. Our EOR team has not only solved the problem, but demonstrated returns that are competitive with our premium drilling program. That EOR process we developed is highly proprietary, and this limits the amount of detail we are able to disclose. However, I will share several reasons why EOG is uniquely positioned to achieve a successful outcome. As Bill mentioned earlier, the geological setting is important. We have long discussed the competent barriers that encase the Eagle Ford and provide vertical containment for completions. This unique feature also plays a significant role in keeping the injection in contact with the targeted reservoir. The injected gas is thus able to become miscible with the oil in the reservoir and subsequently drive incremental oil recovery. EOG's acreage position is situated in the optimal thermal maturity of the play to maximize oil recovery. Being in the oil window has provided many benefits during the primary development, but it's also important for the EOR process. Acreage that is too far downdip or updip in the play may not benefit as greatly. The EOR economics are significantly enhanced by the scale of EOG's footprint in the play. The infrastructure and facilities that are utilized during primary development across the field are key to being able to operationally execute the EOR process, thus providing a significant economic benefit. These reasons are the keys to the process's success and are why that we believe EOR will not be a blanket application across the Eagle Ford or necessarily applicable to other horizontal shale plays. We have not yet determined how much of EOG's acreage will benefit from EOR or what the overall resource potential may be. The four pilot projects have tested different geographic and geologic settings, each proving the concept successful. But further definition and time will be needed to assess the applicability and overall benefit across EOG's acreage position. Here are some of the key takeaways regarding the economics and recovery potential. One, this EOR technique is not capital intensive. There is no incremental drilling required, so capital costs average approximately $1 million per well. Two, the operating costs are low. The process makes use of produced gas readily available to the field, and there are few other incremental operating costs. Three, EOR may have significant effect on our long-term Eagle Ford base production profile. Unlike typical secondary recovery projects, the production response occurs quickly, within the first two to three months, and holds steady for longer. Four, the combination of lower operating costs and steady production delivers a return profile that complements our primary drilling program. Primary drilling delivers high returns and short paybacks. Our EOR pilots have a much different profile, characterized by modest upfront capital investment that delivers a long annuity of incremental oil production and strong cash flow. The rate of return is still on par with primary drilling. But for each dollar invested, EOR delivers at least twice the net present value created as primary drilling. Finally, our models indicate that this process will increase recovery by 30% to 70%. I want to emphasize. These are incremental potential reserves, not accelerated production, delivered at potential finding costs of $6.00 per barrel or below or less. We will conduct a fifth pilot in 2016, and we will evaluate the results and review our acreage. We will determine the long-term capital production and earnings effect of EOR. It's important to note that while this is a significant technical and economic breakthrough, rolling out this effort will take time and is dependent on the pace of primary development drilling and field development. Now here's David Trice.
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thanks, Billy. Another exciting development on our South Texas acreage position concerns the Austin Chalk. In our press release yesterday, we published the results of two tremendous Austin Chalk wells. The Leonard AC Unit 101H produced an average of 2,715 barrels of oil equivalent per day for 30 days. The Denali Unit 101H was completed in April, and its average production for the first 20 days was 3,130 barrels of oil equivalent per day. While the Austin Chalk is not a new play, historically industry production has been inconsistent from well to well. While good wells are possible, the performance and resulting returns are highly variable across the play. However, using proprietary petrophysical analysis, we discovered how to apply new geologic concepts to the Austin Chalk and drill prolific wells consistently. Much like the Eagle Ford, the Chalk responds very well to EOG-style completions. Our high-density completions create complex fracture systems close to the well bore, significantly improving well performance. Also like the Eagle Ford, the Austin Chalk benefits from the detailed work we conduct to determine the best target. The chalk can be as thick as 140 feet in some areas, but our targeting efforts keep the drill bit confined to the best 20 to 30 feet of rock. Precision targeting combined with EOG-style completions is now generating prolific premium level well performance. It's too early in our exploration efforts to know how much of the Austin Chalk is prospective over our acreage, but subsurface data and detailed mapping throughout the field are encouraging. We plan to drill seven additional Austin Chalk wells in 2016 and look forward to updating you with future drilling results as we learn more. In the Permian Delaware Basin, our recent activity has focused on the Wolfcamp oil window. Drilling the Wolfcamp generates excellent returns while allowing us to collect data on the shallower targets, such as the Second Bone Spring sand. During the first quarter, we completed a dozen wells, with per well average 30-day rates over 2,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with approximately 70% oil cut. The average lateral of these Wolfcamp wells is approximately 4,500 feet. Over the last year we've focused on increasing our understanding of the geology and maximizing well performance through better technology, such as precision targeting, high-density completions, and better well bore design. As a result, our wells are industry-leading, as illustrated on slide eight in our investor presentation. Since January of last year, our wells have been twice as good as the industry average in the Midland or Delaware Basin when normalized for lateral length. This is the approach EOG takes across all of our plays. We seek to first, understand the geology; second, optimize the completions; and finally, enhance operational practices that maximize efficiencies and lower cost. Our next step for Wolfcamp optimization is to extend the lateral. The breakthroughs we made in well bore design will allow us to apply EOG-style high-density completions to long Wolfcamp laterals. Longer laterals will enhance the economics of our highly successful Wolfcamp program and reduce our surface footprint across the play. In April we drilled two 7,000-foot laterals, the Rattlesnake 21 Fed Com 701H and 702H. These wells are too new to report a 30-day rate. However, the first 20 days of production are averaging more than 3,800 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well with maximum 24-hour rates of 4,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day per well. Meanwhile, we continue to further improve operational efficiencies and costs in the Wolfcamp. During the first quarter, drilling days decreased 14% from our 2015 average to 16.1 days. Also, total well costs decreased 8% to $6.9 million, more than offsetting costs associated with continued completion enhancements. In addition, in the second quarter we'll begin using our brackish water supply for our New Mexico completions, with an anticipated saving of $150,000 per well. This new water supply along with many other operational improvements will allow EOG to continue to lower cost and increase returns. On the international front, we are very happy to report that our East Irish Sea Conwy project achieved first production in late March. We are currently addressing normal startup items, and running tests to determine the optimal production rate. Our full-year guidance has been adjusted until we complete more testing. Here's Tim Driggers.
Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks, David. Capitalized interest for the first quarter 2016 was $9 million. Total exploration and development expenditures were $568 million, excluding property acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant, and equipment were $25 million. As compared to the first quarter 2015, total exploration expenditures decreased by 62%, while our total production volumes decreased by just 7%. We have maintained our full-year capital expenditure guidance of $2.4 million to $2.6 million (sic) [$2.4 billion to $2.6 billion]. At the end of March 2016, total debt outstanding was $7 billion, and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 36%. At March 31, we had $700 million of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $6.3 billion, for a net debt to total cap ratio of 34%. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 34%, and the deferred tax ratio was 82%. For the period May 1 through June 30, 2016, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 128,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of $42.56 per barrel. For the period June 1 through August 31, 2016, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 60,000 MMBtu per day at a weighted average price of $2.49 per MMBtu. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. First, a brief word on our macro views and how they relate to EOG's plans. The substantial reduction in capital investment by the industry in 2015 and 2016 is causing oil supply to decline in many producing regions around the world. Led by steady declines in the U.S. and supported by strong gasoline demand, the market continues to rebalance. We agree with consensus that this process will accelerate in the second half of this year and into 2017. We believe that in the U.S., it will take a sustained $60 to $65 oil price and 12 months of lead time for the industry to deliver a modest level of growth. However, what is true for the industry in general does not hold for EOG. EOG is the low-cost U.S. horizontal oil producer. With our premium drilling inventory, we believe our reinvestment advantage is $15 to $20 per barrel lower than the average industry operator. When the market balances and prices recover to moderate levels, our leading asset quality, best-in-class technology, and low cost structure will become apparent with how quickly we can resume high-return oil growth. And that may be the number one question we received the last two months, or more accurately, at what price will you accelerate and return to growth? Our first priority this year is to completely fund our capital program with cash flow and reduce net debt with property sales. We're in the late stages of negotiating on a number of deals and are confident we will be successful on many this year. We expect their collective impact will be meaningful. Our second priority will be to complete DUCs. We have managed our operations such that we have the capacity to add 40% more completions without adding any additional equipment from the service industry. We can respond quickly as supply and demand balance and oil prices firm. In summary, I would like to leave you with the following important takeaways from this call. Number one, our shift to premium drilling this year is a game-changer. We expect well productivity to improve more than 50% in 2016, which is the largest one-year improvement in the history of the company. More importantly, this shift is permanent. Premium drilling will allow us to maintain a balanced capital program and resume high-return oil growth in a moderate oil price environment. Number two, our enhanced oil recovery success is another example of EOG's ability to make significant technology gains. EUR has the potential to add meaningful long-term value to our Eagle Ford asset by adding low-decline, low-cost, high-return reserves. Number three, the new Austin Chalk results are encouraging for our South Texas acreage position. Time will tell, but we believe the chalk geology we discovered is substantially better and more repeatable than previous chalk drilling. Number four, last year we said 2015 was a record year for improving the company. As we start this year, we are beginning to realize that improvements in 2016 may be even stronger than 2015. Our sustainable gains in technology and efficiencies are running at record-setting pace. And we are excited about what we can achieve in cost reduction and productivity improvements in 2016. Number five, our goal has always been to be the highest return E&P company in the U.S., and we believe we have achieved that goal. Our sights are now set on becoming one of the lowest cost producers in the global oil market. We believe it's possible, and we are moving toward that target rapidly. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, guys, and thanks for all the comments. The new EOR results are very encouraging. I know the next step is the 32-well pilot. But once that's complete, what are the remaining gating items to full-scale development, or when do you expect to better understand the extent of the opportunity across the play?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Evan, this is Billy Helms. So as you mentioned there, the next step obviously is implementing the 32-well pilot. We're still learning a great deal about the process and what its overall impact will be. And primarily the pace of development in the future will depend on our pace of development primarily for the developing out the remaining leases and then how we roll that out. I would say that our pace of rollout, we expect to continue to announce new wells or bring new wells into that process in the coming years. And it will become a part of our overall capital allocation to the Eagle Ford that we do primarily each year, and we'll roll out certainly our 2017 guidance on that probably in February. But we are very encouraged with our initial results. So it's probably a little bit too early to talk about how we're going to roll that out. We still have a lot to learn from our 32-well pilot. And then we still have a lot of leases to develop too.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Does the existence of the EOR potential later in life opportunity, does it change the way you allocate capital on primary drilling, meaning does it make the Eagle Ford either relatively more attractive or the black window versus the condensate window more attractive given this new secondary recovery option?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Evan, this is Bill. I don't think it changes it dramatically. We're focused on premium drilling in all of our plays. And the Eagle Ford, that's what we want to develop first in our leases and that's what we're going to focus on really permanently from now on. So we'll develop those at a normal pace. As Billy mentioned, the key is really to get those developed with the drilling and the completions in the most optimal spacing and to connect as much rock through the primary process and that really enhances the EOR effectiveness as we go forward. So we'll move along both of them at a nice steady pace, and we'll just continue to learn as we go forward. And I think the EOR process will be much like the drilling program. We'll get more efficient as we move forward and we'll be able to lower costs, and it will just become a normal part of our investment in the Eagle Ford.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, guys. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move forward to our next caller, Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Bill, on the EOR process, you've done four pilots and tested it on 15 producing wells. Were the tests successful on all the wells, or could you just talk a little bit about the effectiveness that you've seen thus far?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Arun, this is Billy Helms. Certainly, in each one of our tests we've learned a lot. I would say without hesitation that all of our pilot tests were successful. Certainly we continue to learn from each one. We started the project really with some laboratory experiments on just trying to understand what the fluid behaviors would be, and that certainly was very encouraging. Then we rolled it out to a single-well pilot and had positive results from that. And then we started applying it to more multi-well pilots. We had two four-well pilots and a six-well pilot, and each one of those was successful. So the next step, as we discussed, is to roll it out on more of a field-scale model, which is this 32-well pilot, and we'll certainly continue to learn from that. But yes, each one was very successful.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for that. Then just my follow-up, Bill, in your prepared remarks when you're talking about the premium locations, you express confidence that you could replace these premium locations from an inventory perspective on an ongoing basis. Can you just give us a little bit more color around what's driving that confidence?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Arun. As you know, we believe we have very sustainable cost reduction and technology gains. We've done it every year we've been in the business, and we have a lot of confidence and we see a lot of upside going forward to continue that process. So as we increase productivity through being able to identify bedrock and precision targeting and get even better with our high-density frac techniques, we believe that the well productivity will continue to increase. That would be one way to convert. And then we also believe that we have sustainable cost reductions. So two-thirds of our cost reductions during the downturn have been through technology and efficiency gains, and we do not see any end in that. So we're quite confident that efficiency and technology will continue to drive those costs down. And so we believe a large percentage of the inventory that we have in the Eagle Ford will be converted to premium. We also believe that in the Permian, and we believe we'll add continued premium in the Bakken and other plays too. So we're very confident that our premium inventory will grow much faster than our drilling pace.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: We'll move forward to our next question from Scott Hanold with Royal Bank of Canada Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Thanks, another question on the EOR process. And I know a lot of the stuff that you all did was proprietary. But when do you think it's the right time to actually put this application to work? So what I'm getting at is obviously these wells have a pretty steep decline rate in the first few years. But generally speaking, is it something that happens more typically earlier in the life compared to say, what occurs in conventional reservoirs when you apply a similar application?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yeah. Scott, this is Billy Helms. Typically, the governing part will mainly be – in actual field applications will be on how we develop each pattern. So as Bill mentioned earlier, the primary goal will be to go through and do a full-scale development on each and every lease with the latest high-density completions. That's the number one goal. And the pace of development from that will dictate as to when we roll out the secondary or the EOR process. But typically – I think we have a slide in the deck on I think slide four that shows that timeframe will be somewhere in the first two to five years. So I think that would probably be our initial guide. There's really no detriment that we see as to if you wait too long to implement it, it's going to be detrimental. We think it's a great tool for just continuing to contact the remaining oil left in the reservoir. Certainly, economically there might be an advantage to doing it earlier than later. But more importantly, the advanced completions are driving probably incrementally more success to start with. So I don't know if that helps answer your question, but I would say that it will be somewhere in that first couple years, two to three years of development.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, absolutely, that does help. And I was just trying to gauge how this compares to say a refrac or something else through the life of the well, but great. And as my follow-up question, and obviously, you all had I believe tried this up in the Williston Basin, some enhanced opportunities. Several years ago, that may not have been as successful, and I know it may not be applicable everywhere. But can you compare and contrast what occurred then versus now, and if what you learned in the Eagle Ford could actually be transferred up into the Williston?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yeah. The Eagle Ford, as we mentioned in the call, one of the primary factors in the Eagle Ford's success is the vertical containment. The Eagle Ford is very well encased and has good strong barriers for both upward and downward growth, which is key for the process. The Bakken and many other plays are going be more challenged in that area. That's probably the key primary difference that I would say lends to the success more readily to the Eagle Ford than maybe other plays.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move forward to our next question from Subash Chandra from Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. First question is as you talk about these 50% efficiencies in 2016 and the continued focus on ROI over growth, how does this influence your desire to outspend in a normalized oil price environment?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We have no desire or intention to consistently outspend. So the number one goal this year is to balance our discretionary cash flow with CapEx, and then of course we are working on property sales to help us reduce net debt. And if prices continue to firm, we have a lot of confidence that we're on the road to accomplishing that. We do believe that because we're seeing significant cost savings in the current drilling, we think that's going to continue, and any extra capital that we would have from cost savings, we will apply to completing new wells. And that will be – we're going be disciplined. We're certainly watching the market to make sure that we're not in a temporary uptick on prices, that the prices are more sustainable. But when we feel good about that, we will apply those cost savings to completing additional DUCs later in the year, most likely in the fourth quarter. We want to enter 2017 on a growth mode, in an uptick, so we believe that we'll have the capital to do that.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. My follow-up is any update or guidance on, for lack of a better word, rank exploration, as we've the last couple of quarters talked about the refinement of your existing portfolio, how your progress on a new portfolio of opportunities?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have a very robust exploration effort on new plays, and so we have various plays actually we'll be testing this year. We'll update you that when we have some meaningful results. And then we're also picking up acreage. It's been a great time to pick up low-cost acreage in places that we couldn't get acreage in, in previous years. So we have an active program going on. Of course, we're very selective. We only want premium plays to fit into our capital program. So we're identifying rock that would meet that category and deliver those kinds of returns. So we're not shortchanging that effort at all.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move forward to our next question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning, Bill. Good morning, everybody. Bill, the Austin Chalk inventory, I realize it's early days, but you haven't added to your inventory, at least not in the slide deck so far. What do you need to see there? When do you expect that you'll be able to give us some updates? I'm just thinking about the development. Again, realizing it's early days, but will you develop this concurrently with same pipes (38:05) off the Eagle Ford, or how are you thinking about that in terms of relative economics?
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yeah, Doug. This is David. On the Chalk, we drilled these two wells. We've taken a couple of cores here, and we've got quite a bit of log data to go with that. So we really mapped out the play. And we're feeling pretty confident that we can move this play into the premium category and have a meaningful impact to EOG. So we're going to go ahead and test – like I mentioned in my remarks, we'll test another seven wells this year to delineate the play. And then like I said, we'll go ahead and move that into the premium inventory account. So it will be developed along with the Eagle Ford.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, we'll watch for more details. My follow-up is I've got to say, as an old reservoir hack, you guys never cease to amaze us with the things you've been able to do. And those EORs are another example of that, but it also provides us with a bit of a modeling challenge. So I'm wondering if you could, to the extent you can, help us with some ideas how you would think about fitting that into the portfolio. What I'm really getting at is, is this an individual well situation? Is it a cluster of wells? Is there a minimum area that we think about? Anything you can help us in terms of framing what the relative scale of this would look like once you get going. And maybe as an add-on, what proportion of your Eagle Ford today is ready to go in terms of being able to move this thing forward?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Doug, this is Billy. The second part of your question there, to the extent of the acreage that might be applicable to this, honestly we just don't know at this point. We do know that there are some areas that probably will be challenged to work economically, but we are still early on in that process in trying to determine how much of the acreage is applicable. We just don't know yet. Now the 32-well pattern is probably a good indication of maybe what we'll look at in the future. It will be subsets or leases that will dictate the size of how we develop it going forward. So maybe you guys think about it instead of a single well, it will be groups of wells that will be implemented at one time and not single wells. So we're trying to give you some guidelines on what we think the capital cost is, and we tried to boil that down to a single well, just so you think about it and knowing that each lease will have different counts of wells, maybe 12 to 20 wells on a given lease. And then the production profile, we've given a cume curve out there that maybe gives you some insights on what the cume curves might look like. The production response from this is pretty unique in the sense of secondary recovery projects in that it's probably the only process that gives you such a rapid production response. You get a response in the first three months essentially, which is pretty fast. And then it holds pretty steady for a number of years. So that may be – and so that's probably about as much detail on how we see how it would be rolled out. Again the pace it's on – I know it's tough to model economically. The pace of development is purely just going to be on the things we learn from this next pilot and then our development of existing units we've used in our high-density completions. So we do expect this to increase. I would say we expect to increase the number of wells each year as we roll out the new budgets, and it will become an ever increasing part of San Antonio's capital allocation.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answer, Billy. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move forward to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Bill, and to the rest of your team there. I really appreciate what you've been able to offer as disclosures here on this EOR. It's really a thought-provoking development. And I wanted to ask if you could maybe add a little bit on what's driving that range on the 30% to 70% uplift versus the original EUR because it strikes me as a wide range. And I'm wondering if perhaps part of the explanation is a function of the vintage or density of the original completions this year you're working with.
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Charles, this is Billy again. You're exactly right. I think that's a part of it. First of all, we're early in the process. So you have to remember that our forecast started out with trying to model – trying to use simulation models to match our history from the pilot projects and then forecast what the future production might be from these. So we haven't actually seen long-term production from a pilot over the number of years it would take to demonstrate what the ultimate recovery is going be. We're trying to model that with some simulation techniques, I would say, that are challenged technically. So we're working on some enhanced models to better understand what the long-term production will actually be. So I think we just need further clarifications and tests from existing pilots that we're in and future pilots to really nail that down. And then you're right. I think vintage of the completions will make a big difference. The new high-density completions we expect will respond better than some of the completions done several years ago. Our pilot projects to date have been older-style completions in large part, so we expect improvements to continue to improve. I think there's upside there.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful color, Billy. And then if I could ask my follow-up on the Austin Chalk, I know that historically the way that play has worked is a lot of the successful wells have been a function of intersecting natural fractures. But I'm wondering if perhaps for your new concept, it's maybe the inverse of that. And if you're not avoiding natural fractures in the wellbore, perhaps you're trying to avoid them in the stimulation of the zone, and if that's part of what you're trying to figure out here.
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Charles, this is David. Yes, I think you're on the right path there. What we've learned is here where we're playing in the Chalk is the oil is stored a bit different than it has been in the previous history of the play. And what that does, it allows it to be a bit more predictable and also allows us to employ our completion techniques. And so I think going forward, it's just going give us a little more certainty on drilling repeatable high-quality wells.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thanks for that.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Charles, I'd like to add to that to expound on what David said. I think the same techniques that we're finding very successful in these other plays, by identifying the very sweet spots, the very best rock quality with our proprietary techniques, and then being able to keep that bit in a very small zone in conjunction with the high-density frac, that's really the key to all these plays, and it's no different from the Chalk. So we're just finding that we can identify quality pay in the Chalk, and we're very encouraged about that.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful, Bill. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, more questions on the EOR side. Is this a producer injector concept, or is a huff-and-puff?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Bob, right now at this point we're not going to give you a lot of details around the process itself or how we're implementing it. But we will say that it is a miscible process. And so you can read into that what you might, but we're not really giving a lot of specific details about how we're doing that or the interaction between wells or those kind of things.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: You guys were issued a patent for a thermal process for shale a couple years ago. This isn't that process?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: No, it's definitely not that process.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And could you give an idea of barrels per scuff in terms of how much gas injected versus how much incremental oil you get out?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Again, we're not going to give a lot of details on how much gas we're injecting. But the important thing there is that – two things I guess. One is that we have gas readily available in the field. And then two, with our large footprint there and the facilities and infrastructure that we've been able to put in place for our field really enhances our ability to move gas around and get it to these leases to take advantage of this EOR process. It really helps position EOG uniquely to be able to take advantage of something like this.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And then a final one, should we trust Railroad Commission lease level production? Will that be able to help us figure out incremental volumes, or is it just all wrapped up at the pad level so we can't – or lease level so we won't be able to see it?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: We're reporting production on a lease basis as we're required to do under the Railroad Commission rules. And certainly, over time there may be some things you can glean from that data. We'll see. Honestly, I have not checked a lot of that data to see what does it look like versus what we see internally. But I think over time, you'll be able to discern what the actual results are, and I would expect that data will become apparent in the future.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll move forward to our next question from Pearce Hammond with Simmons Piper Jaffray.
Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Good morning. On the Austin Chalk, is your acreage already held by virtue of your completions in the Eagle Ford since you would hold all depth above the Eagle Ford? And then are you leasing any additional acreage?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yes, Pearce. Yes, we would. We hold the Austin Chalk with our Eagle Ford production. So yes, it sits right above the Eagle Ford. And the second part of your question was?
Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Are you leasing any additional acreage?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: As you know, there in the Eagle Ford the acreage is held pretty tight. So at this point, we're not leasing anything new on the Austin.
Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): And then my follow-up, with the EOR technology, what do you think this does to your base decline? It seems like it would cause your Eagle Ford base declines to moderate significantly over time once you apply this technology in full force.
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Pearce, I think that's right. I think overall benefit in the long term is it will help flatten the decline. The long-life decline from the field, we still haven't been able to quantify that yet. But we're certainly very optimistic that it will certainly be very meaningful to not only the individual leases but over the field in general.
Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thank you, Billy.
Operator: And we'll move forward to our next question from David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, a couple questions. One, on the Austin Chalk, I guess one, how prospective do you think this is? Like how big is that sweet spot as a subset of your total Eagle Ford position? And then as I just start thinking about what – and I don't know if you guys will talk about it, but what are you doing differently? What can you give us as far as – or give the Street as far as confidence that this isn't the same Austin Chalk that's in everybody's head?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: David, this is Bill Thomas. As far as the potential on our acreage, we're encouraged because we see data, rock data and test data, on various parts of our acreage that are encouraging. And so we have seven wells, additional wells, additional to the two we've already drilled that we have planned this year that we'll be testing some of these concepts. And so once we get those done and we get some results that confirm the production like we've seen, then we'll be able to I think give people an update that will be more meaningful on what the scope could be. And then on the technical side of it, let me let David update you on that part of the question.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Like I mentioned before, we have collected a substantial amount of data. Pretty much all of the Eagle Ford wells that we've drilled have drilled down through the chalk. So we have a very good set of log data, seismic data, and like I mentioned before, core data to delineate this. So that's what gives us confidence. And as well, there have been other industry wells drilled. Some of the larger operators have not necessarily drilled very good wells, but some of the smaller operators have drilled some really good wells along this trend. Some of them have cum-ed 300,000 to 400,000 barrels of oil in the first year. So these are substantial wells. And like I mentioned before, based on the data we have, we think they're very repeatable.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: David, the technical advantages from a competitive standpoint are, I think, our ability to recognize these pay zones and then target those pay zones. That is before what we've learned on the other plays is applying to the Austin Chalk. So we're just taking this targeting, precision targeting a step further to the chalk, and we think that's very proprietary knowledge at this point.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, I appreciate that color, just one more follow-up. If I think about – and if you covered this, I apologize. I don't think I heard anybody talk about it. But as far as the DUC balance going into 2017, I know some of the rigs are coming off contract. How should we think about the way you want to manage that going forward?
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: This is Gary Thomas, David. What we've shared before is we're just going be completing roughly 270 wells this year, drilling about 200 wells. So we'll be completing roughly 70 of our DUCs. And we're just, as Bill said, we've got these in inventory. When we see prices improve and we have additional capital, this will be just a source of assets that we can develop rapidly to bring on production when it's justified.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks for the time this morning.
Operator: And we'll move forward to our next question from Irene Haas with Wunderlich.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Very quickly, this enhanced oil recovery process, how sensitive it is to gas prices? Right now we're at an all-time low. But what if one of these days gas shoots up to $4.00 or $5.00 per Mcf, how would the process work then?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yeah. Irene, we've certainly taken a look at a lot of different pricing scenarios. But we've looked at it in the sense of what we're currently modeling and also incrementally up to $5.00 gas prices, and we still see incremental benefit and good economics even up to those levels. So our economic sensitivity is not really a factor of what we think gas prices could be anywhere in the near future. So I think it's going to continue to be economic even at what we see could be a foreseeable gas price in the future.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: And we'll move forward to our next question with Brian Singer.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I wanted to see if you can give us an update on your rig contracts. How many are rolling off at the end of the year? And more importantly, what is your minimum or what are your commitments for 2017, and to tie that in a little with the discussion here on EOR and DUCs, whether you can get to a point or whether it can be meaningful enough from your investment in EOR and reducing DUCs where you can essentially have rigless growth in 2017?
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: This is Gary. We have 11 rigs under contract currently, and that will decline to nine rigs at the end of the year. So we'll really average about nine rigs because we started with 15 rigs there in January. And then next year, we'll start with eight rigs and that will decline to four rigs, so we'll average about 5.5 rigs in 2017. So yes, we will have some DUCs, but we'll have quite a number of wells that we'll be able to drill. And we've got quite a few of these patterns we'd like to further develop, so we'll maintain certainly more than 5.5 rigs in 2017.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, thanks. And then to follow up on both the DUCs and the EOR locations, on the DUCs, could you characterize how many of your DUCs would be locations you would regard as premium locations if you were drilling these wells now? And then on the EOR locations, can you characterize how many locations in the Eagle Ford over the last two to five years have been drilled in the area with the completion techniques where you could apply EOR right away if you wanted to?
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, first you had a long question here. As far as the premium DUCs, roughly 100 of the DUCs are in the Eagle Ford. Most all those are going be premium. We've got some there in the Permian Basin; they'll also be premium. The neat thing here is when you look at it on a finding cost basis, our new drilling is roughly $10 a barrel of oil equivalent. And when you look at the DUCs, having already spent the dollars to drill, it's probably in the $7 range. So those all look pretty darn good. Now as far as on our Eagle Ford and plugged wells have the modern completion to fit with EOR. By the time we get these patterns developed, a large portion, the majority of our wells will have the more modern completion. So that's what Bill and Billy are talking about now. And just mentioning that, we want to go ahead and further develop these because we're still working on our spacing and we need get our spacing down there in the Eagle Ford. So with that, the vast majority of the wells will have modern completion, very fitting for EOR.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In closing, the first thing I would like to say is that we're extremely proud of all the EOG employees. They're doing an incredible job this year of resetting EOG to be successful in a lower price environment. The second thought I'd leave you with is that EOG continues to focus on long-term value creation by making sure that every dollar we invest today is making a strong return, and growth should be a product of making great returns. So because of the tremendous technology and efficiency gains, the company has the ability to make strong returns in a $40 oil environment. And this uniquely positions EOG to continue its leadership in high-return U.S. oil growth as prices improve. So thanks for listening and thanks for your support.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources 2015 fourth quarter and full year results conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedule for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are: Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing Operations; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included guidance for the first and full-year 2016 in yesterday's press release. This morning, we'll discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review 2015 highlights and our 2016 capital plan. David Trice and Billy Helms will review operational results in year-end reserve replacement data. Then I will discuss EOG's financials, capital structure, and hedge positioning. And Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here's Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. EOG is committed to a returns-focused capital discipline, and we've demonstrated that commitment in 2015 with a simple decision. After four years of 40% compound annual oil growth, we slammed on the brakes and decided to defer production growth. It was an easy decision. Outspending cash flow to grow oil into an oversupplied market makes no sense. Rather than chasing production growth through the down cycle, we focused on three main goals. First, we concentrated more than ever on resetting the company to be successful in a lower commodity price environment by reducing cost and improving well productivity. Second, we wanted to add high-quality drilling inventory through organic exploration and tactical acquisitions. And most importantly, our third goal was to protect our balance sheet. As a result, EOG had a record year in reducing costs, improving well productivity, and adding new drilling potential to the company. We accomplished all this and ended the year with one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. Here are a few highlights from the year. We reduced capital more than 40% from 2014 and maintained flat U.S. oil production. Total cash operating cost per unit decreased 17% compared to 2014. We drilled two industry record wells, one each in the Bakken and Delaware Basin Wolfcamp. We added a company record 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent and net resource potential and over 3,000 net locations. That means we replaced more than six times the inventory that we drilled in 2015. And we acquired 34,000 net acres in the sweet spot of the Delaware Basin. 2015 changed how we think about EOG's position in the industry long term. It's no longer enough to be the low-cost producer in U.S. horizontal shale. EOG's goal is to be a competitive low-cost oil producer in the global market. Now let's talk about our plan in 2016. Our first objective this year is to achieve strong returns on our capital program through sustainable profitability gains. In order to maximize return on capital invested, we are shifting into what we call premium drilling mode. Like last year, we will concentrate our efforts in capital in our top plays, the Eagle Ford, Delaware Basin, Bakken, and Rockies. The difference in 2016 is that we have the flexibility to direct capital only towards our large inventory of premium quality wells. Premium inventory is defined as wells that generate direct after-tax rates of return of at least 30% at $40 oil. We have identified over 2 billion barrels of equivalent of net resource potential and 3,200 net drilling locations that meet this hurdle. At our 2016 pace, and we expect to complete 270 wells this year, that represents 12 years of drilling potential. In addition, we are confident our premium inventory will continue to grow in size and quality. Our proven track record of organic exploration and sustainable gains through technology and efficiency will continue to add premium inventory for years to come. What that means, and this is the most important point, is that between our existing premium inventory and our confidence that we can replace it, EOG will be in premium drilling mode from now on. EOG's shift to premium drilling in 2016 is not just simple high-grading. It is a permanent upgrade for all our future drilling. It's important to realize that this is much more than a small incremental shift in our drilling program. It's a major step change in terms of per well productivity. For the average 2016 well, we estimate a 50% increase in the first 120 days of production per foot of treated lateral versus wells we completed in 2015. Our shift to premium drilling allows EOG to quickly return to triple-digit, and I'll say this again, to quickly return to triple-digit capital rates of return as oil prices improve to modest levels. So the next logical question is what becomes of the remaining inventory? Our non-premium inventory is still very high-quality. By any industry standard, it is Tier 1 quality with tremendous value. Due to the quality, a large percentage of this inventory will be converted to premium through technology and efficiency gains over time. The remaining high-quality inventory will add value to property sales or trades as part of our ongoing upgrading process. Our second objective in 2016 is to protect our balance sheet. Two years in a row we have cut capital by more than 40%, demonstrating our commitment to capital discipline. In addition, as a result of our ongoing evaluation of our portfolio to upgrade our asset base, we are marketing certain valuable but non-core properties. EOG prioritizes profitability and a healthy balance sheet to prepare the company for uncertain commodity cycles, and the strategy has paid off. EOG entered 2016 in excellent financial and operational shape. The combination of EOG's high-quality assets, sustainable cost reductions, and well productivity improvements allow the company to lead the industry in returns year after year. EOG is uniquely positioned with a large and growing inventory of high-return drilling, even in a $40 price environment. Achieving strong returns in the current environment positions EOG to achieve tremendous returns as commodity prices improve. Now I'll turn the call over David Trice, who will update you on the Eagle Ford and Rockies plays.
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thanks, Bill. Year after year, the Eagle Ford continues to impress us with the quality of its resource potential. In 2015, we grew production while completing 38% fewer wells compared to 2014. Six years ago, we estimated the Eagle Ford had 900 million barrels of oil equivalent of net resource potential. We've since updated that net resource potential three times, and our latest estimate from early 2014 was 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In 2015, we've done a number of things that hold promise for further upside to the Eagle Ford's resource potential. First, refinements to our high-density completion techniques continue to improve well productivity in 2015, as can be seen in the cumulative production charts in our investor presentation on page 10. Second, to complement high-density completions, we've made tremendous progress on what we have termed precision targeting. This is one of the most promising developments, not only for the Eagle Ford, but for all of our plays. Precision targeting starts with first identifying and then mapping the key petrophysical properties that make the difference between a good well and a great well. Once all the data has been integrated, we found that the real sweet spot in any given target can be very narrow. Where we previously landed our wells in 150-foot window, we now precisely steer them in a window as narrow as 20 feet. In addition, this work on precision targeting also revealed that, in some areas, we may have two distinct sweet spot targets in the lower Eagle Ford alone. Finally, we conducted a pilot test by drilling adjacent wells in a W-pattern that alternate between the two targets within the lower Eagle Ford. This allows for surface downspacing closer than the 300 feet used in our current development spacing and resource potential estimates. Early results from these tests are encouraging. In 2016, we have more program flexibility, as 91% of our Eagle Ford acreage is held by production. We plan to complete 150 Eagle Ford wells while continuing to test the W-pattern, spacing wells 200 to 250 feet apart. Our advancements in precision targeting and completions, along with cost efficiencies, may have significant implications on our resource potential. and will allow us to continue to upgrade additional Eagle Ford locations to premium status. In our Rockies and Bakken plays, we proactively scaled back activity due to commodity prices. With the lower activity level, we were able to sharpen our focus on sustainable operational improvements. We are very pleased with the progress. And in fact, the magnitude of operational improvements in these plays were the best in the company. Here are the highlights. First, we upgraded our Bakken net resource potential to 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent and added almost 1,000 net locations. Second, we reduced Bakken completed well cost 18% and drilling days over 30%. Third, we built water handling and water pipeline infrastructure that significantly reduces long-term LOE. Fourth, we drilled several high-quality wells in the Powder River Basin, highlighted by the Flatbow 602-1621H that came online in the fourth quarter. This Turner well averaged over 1,100 barrels of oil per day and 1.7 million cubic feet per day of rich natural gas in its first 90 days of production. Finally, we also drilled an industry record well in the Bakken. The Riverview 102-32H produced an average of 2,700 barrels of oil per day over the first 30 days, and 2,200 barrels of oil per day for the first 90 days of production. This well was the first high-density completion on our Antelope Extension acreage and is an industry record, even though it is only a 4,300-foot lateral. Going forward, we will continue to develop this area at a moderate pace as we build out the infrastructure that will allow us to lower long-term operating costs. We're encouraged by these 2015 accomplishments in the Rockies and Bakken. And while the activity level will remain low in 2016, our focus on operational and well performance improvements will continue. We expect to see additional cost efficiencies and well productivity advancements through completions and targeting refinements. We plan to complete approximately 35 wells in the Rockies in 2016. As we continue progressing technically and reducing costs, we expect the premium location count to grow significantly. Finally, a quick update on our Conwy project in the East Irish Sea; all work for startup has been completed by EOG, and we are working with the platform operator to reach final acceptance, which we believe is imminent. We expect first production by the end of the quarter. Here's Billy Helms to review our activity in the Permian Delaware Basin.
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thanks, David. Our Permian Delaware Basin team has made tremendous amount of progress last year. Prior to 2015, we developed a successful winter program and had encouraging results with the Wolfcamp and Bone Springs intervals. As we entered 2015, we laid out a specific plan to: one, increase our technical knowledge to better understand the potential of these complex plays; two, improve our operational execution and cost performance; and three, expand the scope and impact of the basin to EOG. Our efforts paid off. Here's a recap of our progress. First, we made tremendous progress utilizing two techniques: precision targeting and high-density completions. Our enhanced understanding of the regional stratigraphy of the basin helps us to delineate the most productive target intervals within each formation. This technique requires a significant amount of technical data and data analysis expertise and, coupled with our high-density completion technique, generates solid improvements in well productivity, as evidenced by our industry record-setting Wolfcamp well. The Thor 21 #702H produced an average of 3,490 barrels of oil equivalent per day over its first 30 days of production. After 120 days, average production was an impressive 2,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Notably, the well was completed with a shorter lateral, yet still exceeded the longer lateral wells in absolute production. In fact, on average, our 2015 Wolfcamp wells produced 40% more than the next best operator during the first three months of production, as displayed on slide nine of our investor presentation. Second, we made significant progress generating sustainable cost reductions. For example, in the Wolfcamp oil window, we reduced average drilling time 33% and lowered completed well cost 35%, despite adding incremental cost to each well for high-density completions. In addition, we secured a long-term brackish water supply that, as we move into 2016, is expected to save us $200,000 to $300,000 per well. And finally, we increased the net resource potential for the Delaware Basin by 1.0 billion barrels of oil equivalent and added 2,200 net locations, essentially adding decades of drilling inventory. This solidifies the position for the Delaware Basin as one of our high-return growth engines. We also executed on another 8,000 net acre acquisition in the fourth quarter, bringing total 2015 Delaware Basin acquisitions to 34,000 net acres. This adds to our sweet spot acreage, with significant upside potential through multiple stack targets. Thanks to the well productivity improvements and cost reductions achieved in 2015, the Delaware Basin delivers returns that compete for capital alongside the Eagle Ford. A large portion of the Delaware Basin is already considered premium. And with our continued advancements, we expect to dramatically increase our inventory of premium locations in the next few years. For 2016, we are continuing the momentum. The Delaware Basin will again be EOG's second most active basin next to the Eagle Ford. We plan to complete the same number of wells as we did in 2015, about 75, and we'll focus primarily on the Wolfcamp. Drilling the Wolfcamp generates excellent returns while allowing us to collect data on the shallower targets at the same time. I'll now address reserve replacement and refining cost. All in, proved reserves decreased 15% in 2015, driven primarily by price-related revisions. Excluding revisions due to commodity price changes, we replaced 192% of our 2015 production at a low finding cost of $11.91 per BOE. For the 28th consecutive year, DeGolyer and MacNaughton performed an independent engineering analysis of our reserves, and their estimate was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered about 86% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying this earnings press release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding cost. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks, Billy. I'll begin with a few comments about our capital spending last year and in the fourth quarter. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $8.9 million. For the fourth quarter of 2015, total expiration and development expenditures were $737 million, including facilities of $116 million and excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant, and equipment were $35 million. There were $105 million of acquisitions during the quarter. For the full year 2015, capitalized interest was $41.8 million. Total exploration and development expenditures were $4.4 billion, including facilities of $765 million and excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant, and equipment were $288 million. For the full year, capital expenditures excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations were $4.7 billion, $200 million below the low end of our original 2015 guidance. Total cash flow from operations was $3.6 billion. In addition, proceeds from asset sales were $193 million. Total acquisitions for the year were $481 million. At year end, total debt outstanding was $6.7 billion, for a debt to total capitalization ratio of 34%. Taking into account $719 million of cash on hand at year end, net debt to total capital was 31%. In the fourth quarter of 2015, total impairments were $168 million. $94 million of these impairments were the result of significant declines in commodity prices during the fourth quarter. For the full year 2015, total impairments were $6.6 billion. $6.3 billion of these impairments were the results of declines in commodity prices and were related to legacy natural gas assets and marginal liquids plays. The remaining impairments for both the fourth quarter and full year 2015 were ongoing lease and producing property impairments. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 29%, and the deferred tax ratio was 92%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with our earnings press release for the first quarter and full-year 2016. Our 2016 CapEx estimate is $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion excluding acquisitions. The exploration and development portion excluding facilities will account for almost 80% of the total CapEx budget. Our 2016 CapEx estimate represents a 47% decrease from 2015 and is 70% less than 2014 capital expenditures, demonstrating our commitment to capital discipline. The budget for exploration and development facilities and gathering, processing, and other accounts for approximately 20% of the total CapEx budget for 2016. We plan to concentrate our infrastructure spending in the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin to support our drilling programs in those areas and enhance operating efficiency. In terms of hedges, for natural gas we have approximately 60,000 MMBtu per day hedged at $2.49 per MMBtu for March 1 through August 1, 2016. We currently have no hedges in place for oil. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. Now for a few comments on the macro, during the fourth quarter of 2014, EOG was early to respond to the price signals in the market. We cut CapEx, scaled back activity, and focused on returns instead of growing oil into an oversupplied market. As we start 2016, we are encouraged by the discipline operators are demonstrating around the world. This disciplined capital reduction is rapidly slowing U.S. oil drilling and reducing significant amounts of future supply worldwide. We believe the pace of market correction is increasing in 2016. Now in summary, I will leave you with a few important points. First, 2015 was a record year for EOG in terms of improving the company. We had record well and operating cost reductions and a record year in improving well productivity. We also had our best year ever in adding new high-quality deep drilling inventory. Second, we are rapidly resetting the company to be successful in a lower commodity price environment. We are focused on improving returns and lowering operating cost instead of growing oil at the bottom of the market. Third, our shift to premium drilling this year should yield strong capital returns in a low commodity price environment. Premium wells generate after-tax rates of return of 30% or better at $40 oil and over 100% after-tax rates return at $60 oil. Therefore, EOG is uniquely positioned for tremendous performance as oil prices improve. Fourth, we do not view premium drilling mode as a temporary bridge to get through low oil prices. With over 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent, a premium net resource potential, and 12 years of premium inventory, this is a permanent shift in the quality of EOG's future wells. We believe the company will continue to grow the size and quality of premium inventory for years to come. Fifth, we remain long-term focused. We continue to do the things that will add significant upside to the future of the company, like investments in exploration, secondary recovery, and other new technologies. Our focus is creating long-term shareholder value through sustainable productivity advancements. And finally, our goal has always been to be the low-cost U.S. horizontal oil producer. As we look to the future, that's not enough. Our goal is now squarely set on being one of the lowest-cost producers in the competitive global oil market, and we are well on our way to reaching that goal. Thanks for listening, now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. My first question is your premium locations appear higher than most peers' core or comparable locations. Can you discuss what you think differentiates EOG's premium locations and what's proprietary and represents a barrier for peers to achieve similar results? And also, if I could, you mentioned upside at locations. Any color on what percentage of the average locations have already been reviewed?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Evan, certainly we believe moving into premium drilling mode is a step change in the future of the company. It's a substantial increase, as we said. Over the last two years, it's about a 95% increase in the quality of the wells we're going to drill and a 50% uplift for this year. So we're moving more rapidly than what maybe we might have even thought a few years ago. What's driving that is the quality of the rock. The quality of the rock is the most important factor in the productivity of the well. So we made extremely strong technical advancements in identifying the best rock in the best plays over the years, and certainly we believe we've captured the premier acreage in the premier plays in the U.S. And then also, in each one of those plays we've developed petrophysical techniques, seismic techniques. We've used a lot of core data and our combined over 10 years' experience in these horizontal plays to identify the best target zones in each one of the plays. And so that is the main driver. It's the rock quality, capturing it first and then being able to take all the technical knowledge and tools that we've developed over the years and to, in our experience, to be able to pick out the best targets. And then we've developed proprietary techniques to not only identify but to place the laterals in those targets and to keep the lateral in those targets for a long portion of the well. So our goal is to keep those targets, those laterals in the best rock about 95% or better on the well. And so that's really the main driver. We think that's a very unique, very proprietary ability of EOG, and will be very difficult to duplicate in the future.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And a follow-up, if I may. You discussed the 55% jump in expected performance per foot in 2016. But since your DUCs are completed on largely a FIFO basis, I presume that many of the wells you complete this year are 2015 vintage. So my question is, is that right? And would that then mean there's another step change in performance for 2017 as you complete and turn more of those newly identified premium locations, all other things being equal?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Evan, a large percentage of our wells that we're going to complete in the first half of the year are carryover DUCs from 2015. The majority of those wells are very beneficial to what we've been learning about targeting and identifying the rock. So those will be fantastic wells, and we'll get extremely strong returns on those. But the learning curve is not over. We continue to refine our knowledge and our ability to execute. And so, we see this as really just the beginning of a continuing, we believe, sustainable productivity increase in our drilling going forward. As we said in the opening, we've identified 3,200 locations and over 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent so far that's premium, and we expect that to grow over time, in numbers and quality. So this is really a big game-changer for the company. We think it's very proprietary, and so we think it's going to give us an extremely competitive edge going forward. So we believe, as oil prices improve, we will be able to rapidly be able to generate triple-digit rates of return going forward. So this is a very meaningful step for the company.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I appreciate that.
Operator: Next will be Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Bill, the production range for the year is obviously pretty wide. I guess what I'm trying understand is, there's a fairly large proportion of DUCs, I'm guessing. I would have thought that would have given greater certainty to the outcome, so I'm just wondering if you can help us reconcile the – are you being relatively conservative with the range that you're giving us, or is it something else? And I've got a follow-up, please.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, I'm going to ask Gary Thomas to give you some color on that.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: Doug, I didn't get completely your question here.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So what I'm getting at is, I would have thought, if you're completing wells you've already drilled but haven't completed, it would have given greater certainty to the outcome and the production outlook for the year. But the range for the year is still very, very wide. I'm just trying to reconcile those two things.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: Okay. On the DUCs, yes, as Bill mentioned, we're going to be completing quite a number, about 70 of our DUCs. We're going to be completing additional DUCs than that. We're going to be completing at least 100 first quarter wells that we drill as DUCs. And those DUCs are all premium. They generate a 30% rate of return at $40 oil. And our guidance is very similar to what we've had in previous years. We're saying anywhere from 260,000 to 280,000 barrels of oil per day for 2016. That pretty well duplicates what we had in 2015. Does that answer your question?
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, well I guess I was talking about BOE guidance, which is still quite wide, but I'll take it offline with Cedric [Burgher]. My follow-up is really more balance sheet related. So I think in the past, though in a more robust oil price environment, you talked about a 30% ceiling on your net debt-to-cap. You're slightly above that right now. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that. And this is not in any way disparaging to the industry, but a lot of very strong companies with very strong balance sheets have taken advantage of their relative outperformance by, obviously, issuing equity. I'm just curious as to how you feel about the uncertainty of the outlook and how you might balance the priorities to reinforce the strength of your balance sheet, given how well your stock has done relative to the market?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, first of all, EOG has no current plans to issue equity at this time. Certainly we entered the year, we came into the downturn with a strong balance sheet, and we've been disciplined throughout the process. And so, when we look, as we go forward for this year, we have tremendous flexibility to make further adjustments to capital throughout the year. We do anticipate selling non-core properties, as we consistently do every year. We're pretty far along in that process. We have what we believe are very high-quality, strong buyers for properties. And this could be – this is not a small amount of money; it's very significant. So we're quite confident in that process. And so our goal going forward is to maintain a strong balance sheet. And fortunately, our balance sheet right now is one of the strongest in the peer group. So, that's certainly a focus for us. It's certainly been a hallmark. A strong balance sheet has been a hallmark for EOG for years, and we've not taken our sight off that. And we're going to be committed to maintaining a good strong balance sheet going forward.
Operator: The next question is from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Bill, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the premium drilling inventory. You guys cited, I believe, 3,200 premium locations and 2 billion barrels, I believe, of gross recovery. That would equate to an EUR of 625 MBoe, if you just average that out. About half of that premium inventory is in the Eagle Ford. So I guess my question is, your overall Eagle Ford guidance is for 450 MBoe recovery, and that's after royalties. So I was wondering if you could just maybe comment on the differences in the premium inventory in the Eagle Ford relative to that 450 MBoe average?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The first thing, the 2 billion barrels is net.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's net? Okay.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's net. So the gross EUR per well would be quite bigger than what you stated. And let me let David Trice comment a little bit more on the details on the Eagle Ford and what we expect there going forward.
David W. Trice - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Arun, in the Eagle Ford, like we stated in our remarks, we've done a lot of work there. Obviously, over the years, we've collected a tremendous amount of data. Even this last year in 2015, we drilled quite a few pilot holes where we actually drilled down through the Eagle Ford and collected a lot of data. And so what that allowed us to see was that we have a lot of additional upside there as far as working on the targeting. Like I had mentioned, we're drilling 20-foot target intervals and doing multiple targets within the lower Eagle Ford. We're seeing very good results with that, and we're quite encouraged. So I think really going forward, we see a real opportunity to continue to add premium locations. We stated in our slides that we've got approximately 1,500 premium locations in the Eagle Ford, but we certainly see that as a starting point as far as being able to continue to add premium locations.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me just add, to answer your question specifically on the 450 net MBoe per well in the Eagle Ford. That is for an average Eagle Ford well, and that is not a premium well. Premium wells would be quite a bit better than that. And then that number is stale. So we haven't updated that 450 net MBoe per well for several years, and we've made quite a bit of advancements since then in the high-density frac technology, and now we're making advancements in targeting also. So those numbers, it takes a little bit of time to get confirmation on what the new EUR number is. So when you make these advancements, you want to make sure you get at least a year of production, and then you can adjust them up accordingly.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, Bill. And my follow-up, Bill, in some cases you now stratified the inventory a little bit between premium and other locations. You mentioned in your prepared remarks about EOG potentially being open to upgrading or trading inventory, and I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on that for the non-premium inventory.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The non-premium inventory will have two avenues. The first avenue will be that we believe the majority of it will be converted to premium over time as we continue to learn how to target the rock more correctly and we continue to be able to be better at picking out the high-quality rock in the target zone. So it's an ongoing process in every one of these plays, and we expect continued improvement. If it doesn't make it to the premium inventory level and it never gets in our CapEx, then certainly it has a lot of value. All this non-premium inventory that we have, if you compared it to the rest of the industry, it would be Tier 1 inventory. It's very high quality. So that gives us a chance to market this as we go forward down the road through property sales, as we normally do in our asset upgrading process. Hello?
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Singer.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Bill, in your opening comments, you mentioned a focus, more specific focus of EOG being a competitive low-cost producer in the global market, not just U.S. shale. Before we run with this too far, do you still expect to do this predominantly through U.S. shale, or is this any signal you're willing to pursue international shale or global non-shale investment opportunities to a greater degree? And is it still your view that you can do this from the premium focus areas that you talked to and then that you have in the Delaware Basin, Eagle Ford, and Bakken?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Brian, we have no intention of expanding international efforts, so we are going to be very much U.S. driven. We see tremendous opportunity in the U.S. And so this whole direction towards being not only the low-cost producer in the U.S. horizontal, we think we're clearly there. And our sight now is really set on being one of the lowest-cost producers in the world market. And we believe that we can accomplish this with our very high-quality assets that we currently have and continuing to improve them and continuing to come up with new technology as we go forward. And we also believe very strongly that we can continue to grow that quality asset much faster than we're drilling it. And that would be through converting existing inventory in the premium and also through new plays. So we see tremendous opportunity the U.S., and we're going to stay focused there. And we're quite confident that we can continue to lower our operating cost, lower our well cost, and improve well productivity to become more than competitive in the world.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, thanks. And then on the follow-up side, I've got two little questions. One, you highlighted exploration here, and I wondered if you could just give an update on whether you expect to bring any meaningful projects to the finish line and ultimately announce that in 2016, or whether the reduced budget is prohibitive in that regard. And then on the asset sale front, have you worked any production impact from potential asset sales into the guidance that you've provided?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For the latter part of your question, we've not put any asset sales volumes into the production guidance. And so the first part of it – what was the first part of the question?
Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Exploration.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, exploration. We did not want to take any short-term cuts that might affect the long-term benefit of the company this year. So we left in a considerable amount of money in the current budget for exploration, both in acreage, buying acreage on emerging plays. And we'll also have several tests of new plays continuing this year. So we'll see how all those go. We're quite hopeful and quite optimistic that we have maybe some plays that will be premium plays. We won't move them forward unless they would be premium, of course, but we're quite optimistic on the exploration front.
Operator: And your next question is from Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is what commodity price assumptions are embedded in your 2016 capital plan?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pearce, we use the strip, and we used the strip that was in the first part of January. And so we haven't got any – we don't really put in a lot of upside to the current prices. I think it was based on prices around $40 was the current strip we used.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then my follow-up, this is a hard question to ask, so just bear with me, but it follows up on Brian Singer's question. On the exploration front, for the past number of years you guys have worked on various plays. And obviously you've had tremendous success, with the Eagle Ford as an example. But now those plays weren't really – some of those plays weren't economic or couldn't compete with your really core plays back when oil was $80 to $100. And now obviously oil is a lot lower. And I know service costs have come down. But when you look at those plays and you also look at what you mentioned in the press release about this premium inventory and how much success you're having at improving your existing inventory, would it make sense instead of spending the money on exploration on trying to discover new plays to actually use that money to buy existing acreage around the core around plays, whether it be the Eagle Ford, the Permian, the Bakken, SCOOP/STACK, or whatnot, and then take your core competency and expertise, which is clearly in making something better? Would it be a better use of the capital and generate a higher return for shareholders?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pearce, let me let Billy Helms comment on that. We're very focused both on tactical acquisitions. I'll let him give you some color on that.
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Good morning, Pearce. What we were able to accomplish last year is a good example of that. We focus in first – the first effort is understanding where the premium acreage is that Bill described earlier. It gets down to basically understanding the rock. And we have to understand where that rock exists. And then those pieces that are added to our portfolio that compete for capital in our existing portfolio certainly will add to that, as we exhibited last year in our Delaware Basin acquisitions. And we'll continue that effort as we go into the next year. That's just part of our ongoing philosophy of how we continue to grow the company. And we balance that off with, as you know, we also manage to sell off properties every year. And so we balance those two with the overall capital discipline we have in the company. So that's always been part of our strategy and will continue to be.
Operator: And the next call is from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: I was wondering if your drilling contracts are committing you to more drilling than you would otherwise do, all things being equal. It just feels as if you're somewhat dependent now on the oil price recovering. But more importantly, I was wondering whether if you didn't have those locked-in drilling contracts, you would actually be completing more wells and drilling less. Thanks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, we did enter the year with 13 rigs under contract. I think the average this year will be 11 rigs. We looked very hard at trying to buy out those contracts to reduce that, since we do have so many DUCs in place. But when we ran the numbers, it just didn't make economic sense. Those rigs are the best quality rigs in the business. The efficiency is tremendous, and it just didn't make economic sense to buy those out. And so we're really focused on going forward. We didn't want to grow oil, obviously, this year in the low part of the cycle, and so we didn't want to accelerate the DUCs. And so I'm going to let Gary Thomas give you a little bit more detail on the rig situation and our DUC situation.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: Yes, Paul, this is Gary. And if we didn't have these rigs under contract, we would certainly be completing more of our DUCs, with them all being premium wells, but we're just honoring those contracts. And as Bill said, yes, we're going to average – we were at 27 rigs under contract in 2015. It's 11 rigs this year, and we average 5.5 rigs next year. So yes, in 2017 we'll be able to certainly accelerate the completion of our DUCs, which will be very beneficial to us.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And the follow-up would just be I assume at these prices CapEx would be lower but for the contracts.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: That's right, yes.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And you would be simply neither completing nor drilling as much if it wasn't for the fact that you're committed and it would be too expensive to buy the contracts out.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: That's correct. Yes, sir.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you, that clarifies it.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: That's more flexibility.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Next is Biju Perincheril with Susquehanna Brokers.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Bill, I had a question about the high-density completions. It almost sounds like when I look at it, you're taking the unconventional rust warren (52:33) and transforming it into something close to a conventional rust warren (52:36) near the wellbore. And I don't expect it's a fair way to characterize it, but I guess my question is do you think there are any implications for the longer-term shape of the decline curve of these new completions? I'm thinking several years out. I would like to hear your take on it. Thanks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The high-density completions, what they do, you described it fairly accurately, is that they contact enormous amounts of surface area of the rock, and they hit it very, very, very close to the well bore. So obviously, the better the rock and the more that you connect to the well bore, especially close to the well bore, has the tremendous effect on the uplift of wells. And I'm going to let Billy Helms comment on the long-term effect of this uplift.
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Biju, you did characterize it fairly accurately. I think the one way to think about is, certainly the more rocky contact in the reservoir, basically yes, you're going to increase the initial potential of that well. But by contacting more of that rock, you're also increasing the ultimate recovery from every well. So you will see good initial production rates. But your decline, we're seeing the benefit of declines flattening, with more production from these high-density completions. So the overall effect has been quite uplifting.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: So when we compare the shape of the decline curve in the longer term, do you think it will remain fairly similar? So, when we look at the terminal rates, would you expect a higher decline for the higher-density completions, or no?
Lloyd W. Helms - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: No, no. Actually, we're not seeing that at all. We're seeing, longer term, the wells will produce longer, and the initial decline is little bit less steep than the older completions are, just simply because you're connecting a lot more rock to the well bore.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Perfect, thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from David Tameron with Wells Fargo Securities.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Bill, how do you think about a ramp as you go into – assuming we get some upward pressure on prices a year from now, how quickly can you ramp? I know you talked about prior – the availability of people, maybe the services industry can't respond as fast. Can you just walk us through how you would see a scenario, if oil goes back to $55 tomorrow, like how does that play out for EOG?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: David, we're set up tremendously well. Of course, we're going to have a very large, very high-quality DUC inventory. We have rigs in place, and we have a substantial amount of frac spreads running. We delayed the work schedule on some of the frac spreads to maybe five days a week instead of seven days a week type scenarios, so that we could keep a number of frac spreads in place that would be easy to accelerate. When the oil prices begin to recover, we're going to be disciplined going forward. We don't – obviously don't want to be fooled again, like the industry was fooled last year by a little bit of an uptick in oil price and it is not sustainable. So, we're going to be disciplined and cautious going forward on ramping up capital until we're very much convinced that this is not a short-term uptick in the price, and that the market is more in balance, and that the price is more sustainable. But we think, obviously, EOG is in a fantastic shape to generate extremely strong – we're talking about triple-digit rates of return – as oil prices improve, and we have ability to grow oil when the time comes.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, if I think about it, I've asked a couple others the same question. But if I think about – if you make the decision tomorrow to add rigs, and obviously, with the DUCs, you can cover some of this gap. But how long – you say tomorrow, you say, let's add a rig. How long does it take before we see that production, given the laterals and pads and everything else? Is that a six month before you start to see that production in the numbers?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: David, I'm going to ask Gary Thomas to give some color on that.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: David, the benefit to EOG is having these. By end of year, we'll have 230 of these DUCs to complete.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes.
Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer: And with having those, and then having the number of frac fleets that we have currently that we could ramp up, as Bill was saying, besides being able to add, when you just start with the completion and bringing on, you can see a pretty substantial increase in volumes within three to four months. Now when you would just be starting grassroots with drilling rigs, it would be almost twice that long, like you're mentioning, the six months. It would be about half that time.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. No, that's helpful. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Scialla with Stifel.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Maybe a follow-up to David's question, it sounded like you're not inclined to want to go back to growth mode unless you see a significant price increase. But looking at that inventory of 3,200 premium locations that generate a 30%-plus IRR with $40 oil, if it looks like that's all that we're going to get out of a recovery, would you go back to a growth mode, if that were the case?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think, Mike, that would give – $40 oil would give us obviously a bit more cash flow, but we would be certainly wanting to stay balanced, discretionary cash flow to CapEx. So that's really going to control the amount of growth that we have, and along with making sure that the oil price is really sustainable. So we can generate the returns, but the growth of the company will be regulated by, obviously, the number of wells we complete and the continued improvement we have, but it would be regulated by the cash flow of the company.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then can you talk about in terms of that premium count, you said, Bill, that you could grow that over time. You alluded to how you would do that with better targeting. But I wanted to see where you anticipate if you can say where most of that will come from. Is it downspacing in the Eagle Ford? Is it primarily from the Permian or somewhere else?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mike, it will be from really multiple sources. We're learning in every one of the plays that we're in, and it's really just being able to identify those target windows within those good plays and then executing on those. So we were still working on downspacing in every one of the plays. So it will come from multiple plays, improving the inventory there to premium, and then it will come from new plays too. We have quite a bit of confidence that through our learning process on existing plays that we can identify very high-quality rock in emerging plays, and so we're actively engaged in buying acreage and testing wells in those too. So it will come from a multiple source. Historically, even though the uptick when we had $90 – $95 oil and we were growing very quickly and drilling a lot of wells, we were able to add twice as many wells each year than what we actually drilled. And so we're very confident that we can continue that kind of multiple on the premium going forward.
Michael Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Subash Chandra with Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning. Are we looking at a permanent shift to better wells but fewer wells, and how exacting your premium process is and how reliant it is on massive data analysis? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Certainly, when you're drilling twice as good a well, you don't have to drill nearly as many of them. And so that certainly helps keep your CapEx down and you're able to have a lot more efficiency there. So as we go forward, the learning process will be incremental in each one of these plays, and it's just an ongoing theme. We learn this and then we try it. And as we get good positive results, we're able to apply that to additional wells. And then the sustainable technology gains that we have in the company have been very, very continuous and very steady over the whole life of our involvement in horizontal drilling. It's over 10 years of experience, combined knowledge, and we have quite an innovative culture in the company. And we expect that to continue to improve the wells as we go forward.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: And the follow-up is, and no question, you're light years ahead in many ways. When we think about the additional inventory in that it's dependent on data that where you have more wells is likely where we'll see more inventory over time? And so the other side of that is how applicable is this to new exploration concepts?
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Correctly, when we have an ongoing drilling program and we're collecting data all the time in an existing play, that's certainly how you make advances. But we also are able to take that learning experience and apply it to new plays. So the high-density frac techniques, the kinds of rocks that would respond to high-density techniques, and then the petrophysical properties of rocks in emerging plays and then the core work where we do an extensive amount of very detailed core work, and we integrate all this data along with 3-D seismic. And so all that goes into bear on defining new plays with high-quality rock. And so it's a learning process that spills over, and it really helps us keep the momentum and to keep adding premium inventory as we go forward.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Thomas, at this time I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Thomas - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: EOG has got a strong track record of game-changing events that have made the company successful over time. Our shift to premium drilling mode this year with an estimated 50% year-over-year increase in well productivity is another step-change to the company's performance. Premium drilling allows EOG to generate solid capital returns at $40 oil, and quite frankly spectacular returns if oil prices recover. With our focus on improving returns instead of production growth during this down cycle, EOG is now positioned for tremendous performance as prices improve. We believe the best times for the company are ahead of us. So thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - VP and CFO Bill Thomas - Chairman and CEO Gary Thomas - President and COO Billy Helms - EVP, Exploration & Production David Trice - EVP, Exploration & Production Lance Terveen - VP, Marketing Operations Cedric Burgher - SVP, Investor & Public Relations
Analysts: Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Smith - Raymond James Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources’ Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone saw the press release announcing third quarter 2015 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements are outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our Web site at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies and their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with, or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in the Investor Relations page of our Web site. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration & Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration & Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing Operations and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our Web site yesterday evening and we included fourth quarter and full year guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning Bill Thomas will start with a few opening remarks, followed by Billy Helms and David Trice to review operational results. I will then discuss EOG’s financials, capital structure and hedge position and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here is Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim and good morning everyone. Our goal this year has been to transition the company to be successful in a low commodity price environment. To achieve this goal, our 2015 game plan is focused on the following objectives; one, maximize return on capital invested; two, improve well performance through technology and innovation; three, achieve significant cost reductions through sustainable efficiency gains; four, take advantage of opportunities to add drilling inventory; and five, maintain a strong balance sheet. As the year draws to a close, I am pleased to report we’re right on track with our plan, we have maximized return on capital invested by directing capital to our best plays, the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware Basin. We are having a record year of well productivity improvements and cost reductions. Ongoing completions and the new work we are doing on targeting mean EOG continues to drill the strongest horizontal wells in the industry. As a result of these efforts, our largest and best assets now generate over 40% direct after tax rate of return with $50 oil. Making a solid return in horizontal oil at $50 is an excellent achievement. On the cost side, we’re making substantial improvements. Year-over-year third quarter per unit lease operating expense was down 17%, per unit transportation was down 11% and total G&A was down 6%. In recent years we’ve grown inventory at twice the rate of drilling, 2015 is no exception. This is a record year for adding high quality drilling potential. Last quarter, we increased our Bakken and Three Forks’ net potential reserves by 600 million barrels of oil equivalent. This quarter we increased our Delaware Basin net potential reserves by 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent. As you read in our press release we made three tactical acquisitions in the Delaware Basin adding significant high quality drilling potential. In total, we added over 1.6 billion barrels of net reserve potential and over 3,000 net locations this year and we’ve achieved this incredible growth through our reserve and drilling potential, while maintaining one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. To summarize our progress report; in 2015, we maximized return on capital invested, added significant future growth potential and maintained a strong balance sheet. All year long our focus has been on the improving fundamentals and building future potential instead of chasing short-term volume growth. We believe this demonstrates that EOG’s priorities are squarely focused on returns and creating long-term shareholder value. I’ll now turn the call over to Billy Helms to discuss the big news this quarter our resource upgrade to the Delaware Basin.
Billy Helms: Thanks Bill. Last night we announced a significant upgrade to our Delaware Basin assets. We increased the estimated net resource potential to 2.35 billion barrels of oil equivalent that is a 74% increase from our resource estimate just two years go. The expanded resource provides 2,200 additional net locations adding to what was already decades of drilling inventory. The primary driver of this upgrade is our constant focus on improving well results through the application of technology and targeting. We've a proven track record of increasing in a play’s potential and this quarter our success is evident in the Wolfcamp and Second Bone Spring Sand plays. In the Wolfcamp we’re adding net potential reserves of 500 million barrels of oil equivalent and almost 1,000 net wells. We now estimate the Wolfcamp's total net potential reserves to be 1.3 million barrels of oil equivalent from 2,050 net drilling locations. This estimate is based on a highly detailed evaluation of multiple distinct intervals within a geologically complex basin like other plays we've found that by first identifying and then targeting discrete intervals we can dramatically improve the performance of the wells and ultimately the recovery from the reservoir. There are several potential targets within the Wolfcamp and we had successful tests in at least three. This resource estimate includes wells plays and these tested intervals across all of our acreage with well spacing that varies from 660 feet to 1,320 feet between wells in the same zone.  To summarize it more simply this resource estimate assumes at least one productive interval across all of our acreage with wells spaced about 700 feet apart. Similar to other resource plays we’re testing powder spacing with encouraging results. Last quarter we drilled a two well pattern on 880 foot spacing Dragon 36 State 701H and 702H. These wells are at these rates averaged over 2,300 barrels of oil per day. This quarter we drilled a two well pattern in the same area on closer spacing at 500 feet apart the Brown Bear 36 State 702H and 703H. Their initial production averaged over 3,000 barrels of oil per day per well. We’re drilling wells closer while maintaining or improving their EURs. Another highlight in the third quarter was the Thor 21 702H. This is an industry record horizontal Wolfcamp well with a 30 day IP of 30,490 barrels of oil equivalent per day. All these Wolfcamp wells are in the oil window which we identified late last year, wells in this window produce at least 50% oil versus 31% in the combo play with this resource update we initiated a separate Wolfcamp oil window gross EUR of 750 MBoe per well. Wells completed in the Combo area maintained their previously estimated gross EUR of 900 MBoe per well. We’re encouraged by these results and continue to test and evaluate tighter well spacing patterns along with multiple targets. With approximately two-thirds of our acreage in the oil window this play will generate very competitive returns during this period of low commodity prices. In the Second Bone Springs Sand, we initiated our net resource potential estimate to 500 million barrels of oil equivalent and 1,250 net well locations. Like the Wolfcamp this estimate is a result of a detailed evaluation of recent completions in multiple targets that presumes at least one productive target across all of our acreage. The well count constitutes actual sticks on map locations and while well spacing varies across the play by area and target in general it averages about 850 feet. We first discussed this oil target last year and are very encouraged with initial well results. The Second Bone Springs Sand provides an attractive third leg to our Delaware Basin activity. The Leonard is the most material of our Delaware Basin plays and we continue to make progress improving results. A recent four well package mentioned in the press release the Hawk 35 Fed 7 through 10H was completed on 500 foot spacing with an average IP of 1,615 barrels of oil per day these wells are producing on par with net wells drilled on water spacing last year. Again this is the testament to the progress we've made on completion technology in the Delaware Basin. Moving forward we expect to develop this resource using 300 to 500 foot spacing. We had one other significant success in the Delaware Basin last quarter. Last night we announced that through three transactions we added 26,000 net acres in Loving County, Texas, and Lea County New Mexico. Since the start of the year we've mentioned our heightened interest in acquisition opportunities driven by the oil price down cycle, while we didn't initially rule out corporate M&A we quickly focused our efforts on targeting smaller more tactical acquisitions. These types of opportunities are more likely to compete with our existing high quality inventory because the acreage is mostly undeveloped and is concentrated in the core of these plays. We are already drilling this highly prospective acreage and the potential reserve estimates from these acquisitions are included in our updated Delaware Basin numbers. EOG’s Delaware Basin potential is rapidly increasing and we expect this asset to be a significant top-tier contributor to the future growth of the company. In the Eagle Ford after five years and three resource upgrades to this world class play, we are still excited about the learning and the technical progress we make every quarter. We continue to test and evaluate the Lower Eagle Ford W pattern mentioned in last quarter’s call. While the W pattern is not new to the industry, there is one significant difference to the spacing test, the vertical spacing between target intervals is not necessarily an arbitrary distance, but rather is determined by certain characteristics of the rock. Our W pattern test is specifically designed to take advantage of technical findings from the work we are doing around targeting. We started this targeting work by analyzing 60 unique well characteristics from hundreds of recently drilled Eagle Ford wells. From these 60, we identified 12 characteristics that are present in our best wells by incorporating this data into our 3D seismic and petrophysical data we determined that the Lower Eagle Ford may have two sweet spot intervals. Please be sure to look for the slide in our IR deck that graphically demonstrates this finding. The laterals in our W pattern test are geo-steered to very specific areas that meet specific criteria. These targets can be as narrow as 20 feet. Initial results from these tests are promising as we gather more data, conduct more tests and evaluate the results, we will bring you updates. I’ll turn it over to David Trice to discuss the Bakken and the Rockies.
David Trice: Thanks Billy. In the Rockies we continue to maximize the value of our acreage position by using enhanced completion techniques and lowering capital and operating expenses dramatically. As you may recall last quarter,we announced that we areimplementing high density completions in some Rockies’ wells that are similar to the completions currently used in the Eagle Ford, while the geology varies from play-to-play and even within the same play we see the upside in our ability to increase value through high density and integrated completion techniques. In the Bakken we are focused on completing infill wells in our core area using our latest completion technology. Even though these infill wells are among oil producing wells our integrated completion approach ensures that we effectively stimulate the reservoir and deliver high rate of return and maximum value. An example of infill wells in our core acreage is a three well pad on the Parshall 3029 unit. This pad came online with an average initial rate of over 1,800 barrels of oil per day and 1 million cubic feet per day of rich natural gas per well. These wells are spaced just 500 feet apart and use shorter laterals that average less than 6,000 feet. Our latest Bakken wells are averaging just 7.6 days spud-to-TD for an 8,400 foot lateral and cost $7 million. This is a reduction of 20% from 2014. In addition, we have lowered LOE in the Bakken core area up to $5 a barrel through infrastructure investment such as water gathering systems. All of these improvements will allow us to maximize the value of this 1 billion barrel equivalent asset and deliver solid returns even in a low oil price environment. In the DJ Basin, we continue to refine our drilling techniques and implement high density completions. Long-term data is needed to fully evaluate the results however initial data indicates improved performance. In the third quarter, we brought online a four wall pad that targeted the Codell Sandstone. These wells are located in the windy 1705 and 1720 units and produced an average initial rate in excess of 1,100 barrels of oil per day with 600 Mcf per day of rich natural gas per well using an average lateral length of 8,700 feet. Recent well cost in the Codell are averaging just $7 million for a 9,400 foot lateral with the latest well performance in lower well cost the Codell is delivering a direct A tax rate of return approaching 30%. As greater efficiency continues to drive down cost, we believe we can achieve a target well cost of $6.1 million. These successes in the Codell are another example of how we are transitioning EOG to be successful in a low commodity price environment. The Powder River Basin remains a core position for EOG, although capital spending is lower this year, we continue to work the technical details, block up acreage and to secure regulatory permits. All of this will set up the Powder River Basin as a future growth engine for EOG. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks David. For the third quarter capitalized interest was $9.8 million. Total cash, exploration and development expenditures were $970 million excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $51 million. There were $368 million of property acquisitions during the quarter. Year-to-date total cash exploration and development expenditures were $3.7 billion excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $253 million. During the third quarter EOG incurred $4.1 billion in non-cash property impairment charges net of tax. The impairments were due to declines in the forward commodity prices and were related to some of our legacy natural gas and marginal liquid assets. At the end of September total debt outstanding was $6.4 billion for debt-to-capitalization ratio of 33%. We had $743 million of cash on hand giving us a non-GAAP net debt of $5.7 billion and a net debt to total cap ratio of 30%. Approximately 5% of the 8% increase from the end of June was due to the non-cash impairment recognized this quarter. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 35% and the deferred tax ratio was 101%. In terms of our hedge positions for the period November 1 through December 31, 2015 EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 10,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of $89.98 per barrel. In addition for November 2015 EOG has put options in place which established a core price of $45 per barrel or 82,500 barrels of oil per day. For the month of December 2015 EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 175 MMBtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.51 per MMBtu. Now turn I’ll turn it back to Bill.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. Now a quick word on the macro. Our view has not changed the industry is becoming more disciplined. The U.S. is on an oil production decline based on the EIE data and could exit the year 500,000 to 600,000 barrels of oil per day lower than peak production recorded in April. Worldwide longer-term projects are being cut, but we agree with the consensus view that $40 to $50 oil is not sustainable and supply demand is in the process of slowly rebalancing. Regarding 2016 although our planning process won't be complete until the beginning of the year when we have a better view of oil prices, I'll share a little color on our situation. EOG is uniquely positioned for strong performance next year. We’ll enter 2016 with a large high quality inventory of drilled but uncompleted wells and we've few capital commitments, therefore we have flexibility with respect to our CapEx program. The highest return use of our capital next year will be to complete many of our DUCs in the first half of the year. This will allow us to have a strong start to 2016. As always we've no interest in outspending and expect to balance CapEx and discretionary cash flow. Our focus will be on increasing capital returns, increasing the quality of our inventory and reducing operating cost. 2015 is rapidly coming to a close and I could not be prouder of how the EOG team has been executing on our plan. As I have said at the start of the year I've seen many downturns in my 36 years with the company, each time EOG emerges on the other side in better shape, this is exactly how 2015 is playing out. But there is one primary take away from the call today. EOG is quickly adapting to be successful in a low oil price environment. We’re not depending on a rebound to high oil prices instead we’re making the most of the current price environment by focusing on improving fundamentals and building future potential. In fact 2015 has been EOG's best year in terms of the magnitude of improvements in the Company. Regardless of where we’re in the commodity cycle EOG is committed to return focused capital discipline year-after-year. The Company remains focused on creating long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening. And now we’ll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] Questions are limited to one question and one follow-up question. We will take as many questions as time permits. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani: Wanted to touch base on the enhanced completions, it sounds like you're starting to use these in the Delaware Basin, here. Obviously you've had a lot of success in other plays, any reason to think that these won't give you a nice improvement in economics here?
Bill Thomas: Leo we’ll ask Billy Helms to comment on that.
Billy Helms: Yes Leo, this is Billy Helms. As you mentioned we view these enhanced completions or these high density completions in other plays largely starting in the Eagle Ford where we have certainly demonstrated the uplift associated with executing these high density completions. We are transferring this technology to other plays including the Delaware Basin and I think the results are very encouraging with what we are seeing there and we are incorporating our high density completions along with are focused on targeting. And the targeting I think is going to also make a huge difference in the performance of the wells. I’d say in the Delaware Basin is still early on and we’re evaluating both those two new approaches as well as spacing test in each one of our target intervals and we hope to be able to give you some very positive news in the future on the performance of those efforts.
Leo Mariani: I guess just turning to the Eagle Ford here, just trying to get a sense of where you are at in the process of testing the W patterns, and the stagger stacks here? And are you able to kind of see any results at this point, and when do you think we'll have a better update on that?
Billy Helms: Yes Leo this is Billy Helms again, on the Eagle Ford we’ve actually got several tests underway using this W pattern test and the W pattern just to make sure we are certain about the explanation that is largely and it is only in the lower Eagle Ford that we are doing the W pattern. So we’re not -- we’re just focused solely on the W pattern in the Lower Eagle Ford and that’s largely been the focus as a result of our targeting efforts as I started in the Lower Eagle Ford, we identified through our analysis of all the core data and the petrophysical data that we have that there are two sweet spot intervals that we wanted to target. It's still early on, we’ve just started testing those and we’re testing those in several areas across the field but we are encouraged with their early results. The early results look to indicate that these two areas, these two sweet spot intervals aren’t interfering with each other during the production phase. So that gives us a lot of encouragement for additional resource that we’ll be able to capture in the future it is still early yet to really quantify the results from that test, but I’d say we’re optimistic about the results.
Operator: We’ll go next to Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: Bill, let me start off on a macro strategy question. You are one of the best, if not the best on conventional operator, deep well inventory, and a relatively bullish outlook on the commodity. Philosophically, what does your reacceleration look like? Will you be pacing activity within cash flow neutrality on a few quarter lag, and, given the efficiencies that have accelerated, does it change your view on a peak rig count being significantly lower than prior rig count in a recovery scenario?
Bill Thomas: Yes I think the key for us going in next year the advantage we have that we didn’t have in the early part of 2015 is we have an incredible amount of flexibility with our capital. It's really, we just don’t have commitments to international, we don’t have lease retention, we don’t have as much heavy infrastructure especially first part of the year and we don’t have a lot of service contracts in place. So we’re free to really put our money on the best rate of return projects, or wells and the Company and we’re also free to vary that capital spend rate based on the commodity price and we can react very quickly. So as we said we’re not going to -- we won’t give specific growth numbers, or production numbers, or CapEx numbers until February because we’re very committed to staying within cash flow. So that will really determine our view of -- basically we will use the strip process plus form factor that we have on the macro to kind of determine our CapEx for the year. And then we will vary that according to the commodity prices as the year goes through. So it will be a very flexible year and -- but our focus will be of course on increasing returns, increasing the quality of our inventory and continuing to prove up new things.
Evan Calio: And it sounds like DUCs will be your first lever there. Let me ask my second or follow-up question on the Delaware. You're making significant progress. How long do you think it takes to get to the same level of technological maturity that you have in the Eagle Ford, where you're satisfied in your ability to drill within zone, optimize completion design? Yes. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Billy Helms: Okay yes Evan this is Billy Helms. Yes for the Delaware Basin as you mentioned there we’re earlier in the ability to really get into a good development program there. I think the key thing you have to realize about the Delaware Basin as opposed to the Eagle Ford is the Delaware Basin is a highly complex basin the geology changes quite a bit across the basin. There are multiple targets, multiple formations and we've done a -- our team out there has done a great job of really delineating their understanding of the play with the data that we have and we’re always collecting more and more data as we develop the program. So I would say just to bullet down to maybe base ball terms we’re probably maybe a third inning on the Delaware Basin as opposed to sixth or seventh inning maybe on the Eagle Ford for instance.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: I'd like to dig in a bit on the -- on the advanced completions and the well productivity that you cited as one of the reasons for your oil volumes coming in over guidance, I know that the most prominent thing we see is these great IP rates that you have turned in, but the other thing that I believe you've mentioned and we certainly see with the results on these Thor wells that, particularly for those Thor wells, the 30-day rate is at least as remarkable as the IP rate. And I'm curious when you look at the effect that these advanced completions are having on your production profile, should we be thinking about the beat in 3Q being a function of wells that were completed in 3Q, or is it more a function of the wells that were completed in the first half of the year that are holding up better with lower decline, that really are leading to beats like this?
Billy Helms: Yes Charles this is Billy Helms. Ys I think that’s a good question, I think it’s maybe a factor of both certainly the targeting and the high density completions are making a huge difference as evidenced in as what you just mentioned in the Thor well and the other Wolfcamp wells we completed in the last quarter, and certainly those are new wells and we’re seeing vast improvements in the productivity of the wells, and they are sustaining themselves as evidenced by the 30 day average that you mentioned on the Thor well. And we've been doing this for a while longer in some of the other plays mainly the Eagle Ford and yes we’re seeing the decline as not as steep on those wells, so it has an overall flattening effect on our decline rates on all these programs so we’re seeing the benefit in those two areas.
Charles Meade: So it's both. And then, if I could ask a question about the Delaware Basin acquisitions, I know that this is a little bit of a change in MO from you, who you have historically have been focused really on organic leasing. Should we be thinking about these acquisitions or further acquisitions like this as the closest you can get to organic leasing in the Delaware Basin, given the legacy of vertical production out there? And I suppose as a follow-on to that should we be expecting more similarly sized deals from you guys going forward?
Bill Thomas: Charles this is Bill. I think I'll ask Billy to comment a bit on that. But I think it will be a combination, we’re doing a lot of little deals along with the bigger deals, and so block enough acreage sharing acreage with other operators and slopping it out and some drilled aren’t deals and then we’re also buying some small fracs from different operators. So it will be a combination of multiple things. As Billy said we pretty much ruled out any of the bigger M&A possibilities and mainly we ruled that out on asset quality, it didn't come in comparable to what we already have. So we don't really expect to be pursuing anything like that, Billy you want to add anything?
Billy Helms: Yes the only thing I would add Charles to that as I think it, -- the acquisitions we've done are largely staying within our focus of growing organically. The difference would be that the organic growth in new plays we’re still able to go out and get ahead of the competition and acquire positions in new plays fairly cheaply. In the Delaware Basin it's a very mature basin, it is a lot of ownership, legacy ownership has been out there for years and years as everybody knows. So one way to gain entry into acreage that we see quite a bit of upside is through these tactical acquisitions and I would add to Bill's comment we’re being highly selective in what we acquire. And so we passed up several opportunities that have been transacted that we just passed on and we did focus on these three tactical acquisitions that we are very encouraged with and as a matter of fact we already have drilling operations going on, on the acreage that we acquired. So we’re going to stay selective and continue to grow each of one of these plays in whatever manner we feel like we can.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Yes a question on the acquisitions, who were the counter parties, were they privates or publics or landowners?
Bill Thomas: They were selective companies and we’re not going to get into details about the deals we have done and certainly not again into the details about the things we’ve looked at, it's just something we don’t really comment on. But I’d say they are all existing companies, strong companies that we’ve done business with in the past and hope to continue to do business with in the future and we’ll look at all of the opportunities whether it is small private companies or larger public companies for opportunities to add to our positions.
Bob Brackett: And then a follow-up on next year, how do you think about debt to cap, and is it a level that you're happy with or is some of next year's cash flow going to debt reduction?
Bill Thomas: Well yes Bob, we’re very committed to keeping a very strong balance sheet. So we’ll not stretch it much further than then it really is. Although I will say this, we will continue to look for acquisitions and not likely to find a big one, but if we find things that are attractive to us we will use -- evaluate all the options that we have to acquire that. And so the Company is in fantastic shape to do that. Of course the goal for us has always been to generate free cash flow, to continue working on the dividend down the road too we needed a little bit better commodity price, than we have right now to accomplish that, but that will be a goal for us going forward. We also continue to market non-core properties that has been an ongoing process for the Company for years. So we’re in the process of doing that again this year too. So we’ve got multiple ways to continue to keep the net debt of the Company low and to really preserve our balance sheet.
Operator: We’ll go next to Doug Leggate with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate: Bill, within the scheme of living within cash flow, obviously you've had a fairly large international project pretty much close to conclusion now, a lot of exploration spending and a fair amount of midstream spending. Just in the grand scheme of things, within the different buckets can you generalize whether you will see an incremental swing back towards completions within the context of living within cash flow, in terms of your capital spending?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug specifically, yes for 2016 with the very large uncompleted well inventory certainly the focus of the CapEx and that will be the highest return thing we can invest in next year, we will be on completing that inventory and lower that inventory down. So it gives us a lot of flexibility because we just don’t have always all these other big commitments and that will certainly give us I think stronger capital efficiency, a very-very high return on our capital next year.
Doug Leggate: I guess not to push the point, Bill, but I guess I was kind of hoping you might quantify order of magnitude. Exploration, IOC, midstream I'm guessing it's close to 20%-25% of this year's budget. I mean could it be that big of a swing in terms of incremental completion capital?
Bill Thomas: No, I think the -- we call that kind of the indirect that will be roughly about the same percentage that it has been in the past. Maybe not quite as much in the first part of the year but certainly we’ve got things that we need to do in those areas. As far as international projects, we don’t have many significant commitments next year on international it's actually less I think than historically. Let me ask Gary Thomas to comment and chime here and give a little bit more color on that.
Gary Thomas: One thing on the indirects and you talked about the midstream it will be benefitted next year with us having these doubts because they are in areas where we have quite a lot of operations currently, so we will have less infrastructure requirements just to hook those wells up. So it would be a little less than what we have experienced 2014-2015.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David Tameron: Let me run with that same theme. If I think about maintenance CapEx, I think you have thrown out a number before, $4.8 billion. One, is that the right number? And two, obviously that number goes lower. Can you give us any framework around that?
Bill Thomas: That’s when you look at what we are spending now and that came up and we’re looking at spending $1 billion this quarter and probably somewhere around maybe 900 million for next quarter, this fourth quarter. So it could be talked out there has been maintenance capital but yes when we go into ’16 we’ll not have to be spending money associated with locations with the drilling with quite a lot associated with these stuffs. So that will probably reduce per well about 30% but the 4.8 is -- our maintenance capital was quite a bit less than that.
David Tameron: Yes, yes I think that was a prior number, okay that's helpful. And if I think about the DUC -- the pace of the DUC drawdown, I think before we talked about mid-year, are you just going to take them down -- should we think about it systematically, taking down 200 over the first six months of the year, or how should we -- can you give us any framework around just the pace or the timing of that?
Billy Helms: Yes David let me answer that one. We've a lot of flexibility, so really the pace of our spending and the pace of our activity will be very much guided by the commodity price and the resulting cash flow. So that’s the reason we’re not giving any really details because we want to work our plan more every time we work our plan it gets a little better so we’re very encouraged about that, and then we certainly need to have a lot better insight on what the cash flow and commodity price would be. So it will be regulated by really the oil price.
Operator: For our next question we’ll go to Kevin Smith with Raymond James.
Kevin Smith: It seems the industry playbook is fairly standard with drilling longer laterals and pumping more sand in your completions, but you were able to deliver record-breaking well results in the Wolfcamp with a lateral less than 5,000 feet, is it fair to say then that EOG believes completion and maybe zone landing are more incrementally economic than just drilling longer laterals?
Billy Helms: Yes Kevin this is Billy Helms. That’s exactly what we would say is that the completion and targeting are making a huge difference regardless of lateral length and we’re not focused on drilling necessarily longer laterals to make better wells we’re focused on increasing our rate of return, driving rate of return through the innovation and application of technology which includes how we analyze and figure out where the place to lateral in each of these pay objectives that’s a big part of why the productivity on these wells is increasing every quarter is that continual focus on those two things, the technology around completions and also the landing spot that we’re working on with our geological effort.
Kevin Smith: And then lastly, thank you for that, but given the Wolfcamp drilling results, does the Delaware Basin start competing with capital versus the Bakken or other plays?
Billy Helms: Yes Kevin this is Billy Helms again. Yes I think while it's still early to think about what that’s going to mean for next year's capital allocation. I think if you look back to this year, this year the Delaware Basin was the only area that saw an increase in capital from 2014. And we’ll certainly assess the way that looks. I would say we’re very encouraged with the productivity gains we've made and the progress we’re seeing on that play to be able to generate growth for the Company, and we’ll evaluate our options on how we allocate capital as we get closer to the year-end.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company.
Pearce Hammond: Bill thanks for your comments on 2016. My first question is if you match CapEx and cash flow, do you expect to deliver oil production growth in 2016?
Bill Thomas: Yes Pearce again that’s a good question, because we don't know what that cash flow and CapEx will be yet because we will set that based on the oil price and that’s what we’re -- wanted to get a little bit better deal on down the road. We certainly are in a position next year to have a very strong performance. And if we have the support from the oil price the Company is in great shape. So but we’ll just have to wait to give any specific numbers until February.
Pearce Hammond: And then my follow-up is, when it's time to ramp production for EOG and the rest of the industry, are you concerned about the deliverability of the service industry, given the sizable headcount reductions across the states and maybe some degradation on some of the pieces of equipment?
Gary Thomas: Pearce this is Gary Thomas. And yes there is some concern with that and we've talked quite a lot about that and maintaining the activity level that we have maintained and what we've planned to do in 2016 we’re focused on those companies that are really quality companies and have been tremendous partners to EOG and we’re spreading that word trying to keep them in good shape. So it's going to be hard on the industry. I believe you're correct there, but I think we’re positioned so that we’ll be able to get the top services and hopefully we have got a lot of self sourcing going on with EOG anyway. So I think we can really ramp-up readily when we see commodity prices improve.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd: If I could maybe follow up with a couple questions on the Delaware Basin. I appreciate your earlier comments about uncertainties in terms of relative capital allocation across the portfolio next year. Maybe, as you think about relative capital allocation within the Delaware Basin, I mean, is there a pecking order in terms of which of the three plays have the best rates of return at this point, and how much does infrastructure at this point dictate relative activity between Leonard versus Bone Spring, versus Wolfcamp?
Billy Helms: Yes Ryan this is Billy Helms. So yes, we’ve got three really good plays out there, the Leonard, the Bone Springs and the Wolf Camp. And what we’re doing right now is we’re focusing most of our activity on the lower most of those zones to Wolf Camp for a couple of reasons; one, the Wolf Camp is generating really high rate of returns that are competitive with pretty much every play in the Company. And then two, it really gives us by drilling the deeper objective it gives us a chance to evaluate the shallower objectives as we drill through them. So we can gather log data and other data that we need to really help delineate the shallower plays and that will help us improve our returns on those plays and make them even stronger when we start our development in those plays. On infrastructure, we’re focusing most of our activity in areas where we already have existing infrastructure. As we step out and test some of the new areas, we’re certainly going to have to build out an infrastructure in those areas. But right now most of our activity is in areas where have infrastructure available to us.
Ryan Todd: And do you have sufficient infrastructure to allocate materially more capital going forward, or is this still a waiting game, I guess?
Lance Terveen: Ryan, this is Lance. When we look at their takeaway capacity it's been very encouraging. I mean the midstream operators are really fall through with investment and we’re going to be connected to all that near-term capacity, so, and just to follow-up what Billy said, we’re in great shape as we’re sitting today.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Irene Haas from Wunderlich.
Irene Haas: My question has to do with your targeting effort. I wish there's a fancy schmancy name for it, but it's really intriguing. So on slide 9, you show that there's 12 parameters that you have identified. You sum it together, and that kind of gives you the targeted zone. And my question for you is, some those parameters, can you share a little bit like, are they porosity, permeability as such, and is it hard to replicate? My question really stems from you said in Eagle Ford, you're in the sixth inning, so in terms of just data density you have a whole lot to work on. Would it be a harder exercise to pull off in Delaware Basin? And are there anybody else trying to do this? Is this expensive, or is it data intensive, or simply they need brain cells? And lastly, who does the number crunching for you? Do you actually do this analysis in house, or do you farm it out to a third-party?
David Trice: Yes Irene, this is David Trice. A lot of this that we’re presenting there is proprietary data. So we will just give you an example and this is -- a lot of this is built up, we’ve been pursuing these resource plays for over a decade and so a lot of this is just it means that we’ve learned over the years and we have some of the very best people in the industry. And so we’ve been able to put this together through this integrated approach between our G&G guys, our petrophysicists and the engineers. And this is just kind of a core competency of EOG how we approach things. And so really we can’t really give a lot more detail than that, but it is part of our culture.
Irene Haas: So what you're saying is it's kind of hard to replicate for a multitude of reasons, and is it easier to do it on Eagle versus Delaware, because of data density, or are you able to forecast because you've got such a great global database on every single shale?
David Trice: Yes, I mean if you think about it, we’re in really the three major plays so we have a lot of good data throughout all those plays and we’ve got a lot of good rock data, petrophysical data and everything. And so we have -- we’re testing so many different targets and we just have a lot of information and we are able to apply it from play-to-play. And so I do think as you look towards a play like the Delaware Basin we’re -- you do have multiple targets, a lot of that information is going to be even more critical there. So we do think it is something that is very-very difficult to replicate.
Operator: We’ll go now to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: I wanted to just follow up on the questions with regards to 2016 and growth. Just looking at the third quarter here of 2015, where you spent about $1 billion ex the acreage acquisition, you grew your oil volumes, and what I think you're highlighting here is you're going to be more flexible because of the DUC inventory, because you have some of those contracts rolling off. What are the impediments to showing perhaps not just the growth that we saw in US oil volumes in Q3, but even greater growth next year, assuming we're in a $40 to $50 environment? It seems that rate of return is not a question, unless you think it is. What are the impediments to showing -- to showing growth, since we just saw it here in the third quarter?
Gary Thomas: Brian this is Gary Thomas. And it really just goes back to the cash flow and that’s what we’re working so to balance and we’re still working through that and yes the wells we've drilled and completed that will be being official to us but then just as data we were just mentioning we have these new plays and we’re in the experimental phase as well and we've to gather data and have to run quite a number of logs and also there is just a whole combination of things. So we’re still factoring all those in to see what kind of volume growth we could have with particular oil prices in 2016, but cash flow driven.
Brian Singer: And then with regards to the technological improvement here, and the higher density completions in particular which do cost some amount more capital, can you talk about what you would expect to see in terms of incremental EURs in places like the Delaware, the Eagle Ford, and the Bakken? And whether, that is all upside from here and represents an increase in recovery rate?
Billy Helms: Yes Brian this is Billy Helms. I would say that we haven't really quantified in most of plays yet just the magnitude of the improvement we’ll hope to see in EURs from testing the new high density completions as well as the targeting efforts. The numbers we've given you to-date are based on the results we have and have data on but as we continue to make improvements in both targeting and the high density completions we’re very encouraged with the early results and as we get more data we’ll certainly update its impact on the resource assessments. So we just need some production time to evaluate that data as well as the different spacing tests that we’re conducting throughout the Company. And we’ll give you more color on that as we get data.
Operator: We’ll go now to Subash Chandra with Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra: Yes, my first question is how do you think about your base decline rate starting in ’16 versus ’15?
Bill Thomas: Yes Subash this is Bill Thomas. The decline rate in the Company is lowering every year because of we get more old wells versus new wells so the production base gets more mature that’s the major driver. And then the completion technology is a very significant driver and the quality of the rock that you drill the lateral in as that improves the decline rate lower. So we've got multiple things going on, as far as 2016 versus ’15 it will be lower and particularly when you slow growth down say versus 2014 we grew at 31% well in 2015 our decline rate was higher because then it would be in 2016 because of we grew production and added a lot more new wells in 2014. So as the activity, number of wells as you complete each year as that is lower and then we’ll be coming off a flat growth year in 2015, so it will be significantly lower than what it was in 2014. 
Subash Chandra: And my follow-up is, in the Permian plays, between the three that you've mentioned, how do we think about the water oil ratios, either in absolute terms or relative to one other? And that's formation water?
Billy Helms: Yes Subash this is Billy Helms. Certainly that’s something we look at on each one of these plays and I would say it varies by target interval but it also varies by where you are in the basin. So all of these plays have some element of formation water and so it's really important that you understand due to the detailed geological work that we had done to really delineate what we think are the sweet spots and that’s where our efforts are focused on picking up acreage in what we do considering the sweet spots, we’re being there very selective about where we drill and where we increased our position in those areas. And I would say the Leonard play probably has a little bit higher water cut than the Wolfcamp in general, but every play has some element of water production. So you need to have infrastructure to go along with that to make sure that your cost over the life of the play are measurable and competitive with other plays that we have in the Company.
Operator: That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference back to Mr. Thomas for any concluding remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thank you for your questions and again I want to really thank the EOG employees’ who have done a fantastic job this year in giving the Company reset to be very successful on the low commodity prices. So the combination of the best in class assets, technology, low cost, and organic exploration and all this is driven by EOG’s organization and culture are we believe very sustainable competitive advantages as we go forward. And this powerful combination will allow EOG to be one of the highest return producers and more importantly we believe we’re going to be more than competitive going forward in the world oil market. So we want to thank everybody for listening and especially thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - VP, CFO Bill Thomas - Chairman, CEO Gary Thomas - President, COO Billy Helms - EVP, Exploration & Production David Trice - EVP, Exploration & Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Leo Mariani - RBC Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities Brian Cox - Deutsche Bank Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company Irene Haas - Wunderlich Phillips Johnston - Capital One
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2015 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOGs SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our Web site www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with, or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release. Participating on the call this morning are all, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration & Production: David Trice, EVP, Exploration & Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing & Operations; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our Web site yesterday evening and we included guidance for the third quarter and full year 2015 in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will update our 2015 plan. David Trice and Billy Helms will review operational results. I will then discuss EOGs financials, capital structure and hedge position and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here is Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. There are couple of items; I will cover with you on the call today. First, I will discuss the outstanding progress we have made transitioning the company to be successful in a lower oil price environment. And I will explain why EOG is uniquely positioned to accomplish this. Second, I will describe the framework we are using to determine our activity level for the remainder of the year. Our goal this year is to remain laser focused on improving returns. At the beginning of the year, we noted that our after-tax rate of return at $65 oil were better than at $95 oil three years ago. We are pleased to report that we have further improved these well economics even as oil prices have declined. Through improved well productivity and lower cost, our key oil plays now are in a 30% after-tax rate of return with a flat $50 oil price. We have multiple decades of drilling inventory in these high returns world-class assets. EOG is rapidly adjusting to lower oil prices. We believe that our ability to quickly adapt to this new environment illustrates our competitive advantages. There are five drivers which make EOG uniquely positioned to improve returns year-after-year. The first is large, high-quality assets, we have captured the sweet spot in the best horizontal crude oil assets in the U.S., The Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware Basin. The quality of our assets is why EOG drills the most productive oil wells in the U.S. The scale of our positions drives tremendous efficiencies and the diversity of our assets allows us to transfer technology gains and cost savings from basin to basin. The second driver is innovations and technology. New ideas and technically drive continuous productivity improvements. For example, we developed in-house, integrated completion technology that consistently drives field recoveries higher and maximizes NPV. During the first five years of drilling the Eagle Ford, we increased its reserve potential 250%. This quarter we increased our Bakken net potential reserves to 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent, a 150% increase. EOG has over 10 years of horizontal shale experience to build on and we expect to continue advancing our knowledge through innovation and technology. The third is low cost. We believe EOGs well and operating costs were are already the lowest in the industry and 2015 is proving to be our best year ever for realizing additional cost reductions. EOG scale and high-quality assets and proprietary technology will continue to drive future efficiency gains and cost reductions. The fourth driver is organic growth. This is the lowest cost, highest return approach to adding drilling potential. Being first movers in exploration allows us to capture large amounts of high-quality rock at much lower cost than through acquisition and exploit strategy. Organic exploration is an important competitive advantage for EOG and we see significant opportunities ahead of us. Last but not least, is EOGs organization and culture. This is the catalyst for the first four drivers and underpins our competitive advantage. A decentralized structure encourages asset level, bottom-up decision-making, which leads to better execution, our core culture is return driven. Employee performance is incentivized by greater return which is a key driver to our peer leading return on capital employed. Return-based decision-making and incentives drive EOGs success. The second item I will cover today is our plan for the remainder of 2015. We are maintaining total company oil production guidance while reducing 2015 CapEx guidance by approximately $200 million. In addition, our projected year-end uncompleted well inventory has increased from 285 to 320. The bottom line is productivity improvements and reduced costs are allowing us to produce more oil with less capital. Many of you are asking when will EOG grow oil again? We have said all along that we do not want to grow production until we see the oil market is firmly rebalancing. We will be watching the supply/demand fundamentals in the second half of this year closely as we determine our plan for 2016. Currently, we intend to spend within cash flow. The capital efficiency gains we have made this year along with our large high-quality inventory of uncompleted wells positions us for an excellent 2016. My number one message is this, we are resetting the economics of our business, EOG is quickly adapting to be successful in a low oil price environment. We expect EOG to remain the lowest cost U.S. shale producer and competitive in the world oil market. I will now turn it over to David Trice to discuss the update on our Bakken resource estimates as well as other activities in the Rocky.
David Trice: Thanks Bill. We're pleased with the performance from our spacing tests using our integrated the completion process in the Bakken. We now estimate that our Bakken and Three Forks total net resource potential is just over 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent. That's almost 2.5x our original estimate of 420 million barrels of oil equivalent. Remaining drilling inventory increased from 580 to over 1500 net drilling locations. This represents 760 million barrels of oil equivalent of remaining net potential reserves and decades of drilling in this premier North Dakota asset. In addition to the updated resource estimate, we split the Bakken into two categories that we have tiled core acreage and non-core acreage. The core producers return that are competitive with both the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin and includes our acreage in the Bakken core and Antelope extension. Non-core represents acreage in the Bakken Lite, State Line and Elm Coulee areas. Although our main focus will be in the core area we believe that with modern high density completions and current well cost, the non-core acreage will be very economic even with low oil prices. We defined 120,000 net acres and 590 net drilling locations in the core, which represents remaining net resource potential of 360 million barrels of oil equivalent. This inventory alone offers over 10 years of drilling. Non-core acreage represents remaining net resource potential of 400 million barrels equivalent. In this acreage we defined 110,000 net acres and 950 net drilling locations which provide decades of inventory. Our wells in the Bakken continue to exceed expectations. A great example of the progress we're making is the Riverview 102-32H well. This is the first Bakken well in the Antelope extension we have drilled using a high density completion. The well came online with a maximum rate of 3395 barrels of oil per day and 6 million feet of rich natural gas. With an average rate of 2760 barrels of oil per day for July, this short 4300 foot lateral will be the highest rate oil well ever recorded for the Bakken or Three Forks. We are excited to continue applying high density completions throughout the entire play as we move forward. In addition to improved returns to advance completions, we have made tremendous progress on Bakken completed well cost, which are now $7.1 million for an 8400 foot treated lateral this is almost 20% decrease in well costs from 2014. Most of the well cost savings are due to efficiency gains rather than vendor cost reductions. Therefore, should be sustainable over time. Drilling times are now averaging 8.2 days Spud-to-TD for an 8400 foot lateral with our best being a record 5.6 days. We are also realizing significant completion efficiencies. Currently we are averaging more than 10 completion stages per day up from 4 to 5 stages per day in 2014. In addition plug drill out times have been cut in half since 2014. Finally, cost savings are not just limited to CapEx. We added infrastructure this year in the Bakken core and as a result we have seen dramatic LOE reductions. Second quarter LOE is down more than 25% from the first quarter. The increase to our Bakken reserve potential in drilling inventory illustrates the value of the EOGs exploration and technology leadership. We enter play as a first mover and capture the best assets. Then we drill them through the drill bit and improve recoveries over time with drilling and completion technology developed in-house. This is how EOG continues to grow organically. Here is Billy Helms to update you on the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford.
Billy Helms: Thanks, David. The plays in the Delaware Basin are also proving to be very good examples of how EOG is repositioning itself to generate strong returns in this period of low commodity prices. We have made improvements to productivity while significantly lowering completed well costs. In the case of improved productivity we're finding that wellbore targeting along with our integrated completion approach continues to provide upside on well performance. In the second quarter, we maintained our activity in the 2nd Bone Spring sand testing various spacing patterns and targets. Two recent wells, the Dragon 36 State Number 501H and 502H were completed in a 1000 foot space pattern with initial production rates of 1075 and 1755 barrels of oil per day. Another recent completion in Lea County, New Mexico, the Frazier 34 State Com Number 501H tested 1705 barrels of oil per day with 145 barrels per day of NGL and 1.1 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. The completed well cost for the 2nd Bone Spring sand are currently averaging $6 million per well representing a 22% reduction from last year's average. A major portion of the cost savings can be attributed to sustainable efficiency improvements in both drilling and completion operations rather than solely vendor cost reductions. Improved well performance coupled with lower well cost make this play very attractive in this low commodity price environment. We will continue evaluating well performance to determine the proper spacing and ultimate recovery. During the last quarter, we also completed several strong Wolfcamp wells in the overpressured oil window of the play. Two recent completions in Lea County New Mexico, the Dragon 36 State Number 701H and the Hearns 27 State Com Number 703H had initial production rates per well of 2650 barrels of oil per day along with 285 barrels per day of NGLs and 1.9 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. As we evaluate various targets and spacing patterns this play promises to be a high return growth asset for EOG. Similar advancements have been achieved in the Leonard play. A typical well now cost $5.5 million and we're testing spacing patterns of 300 feet and 500 feet between wells. One recent completion in Lea County New Mexico, the Gem 36 State Com 1H had an initial production rate of 2200 barrels of oil per day, 460 barrels per day of NGLs and 2.6 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. Our downspacing efforts demonstrate that we can drill wells closer together without sacrificing production. These new completion designs are allowing us to improve the overall economics and ultimate recovery. Due to these strong results, we anticipate the Delaware Basin will play a significant role in EOGs long-term growth. As typical with our other plays, EOG will evaluate options and invest in the infrastructure needed to serve future production growth while keeping our long-term operating cost to a minimum. We are very excited about the opportunities and growth potential for EOGs Delaware Basin properties. Now moving to the Eagle Ford which continues to be our work horse asset, due to the sheer scale of our operations there it functions as a laboratory for technical progress, on target selection, geosteering and high density completion designs. To support our wellbore targeting efforts this year, we drilled four pilot wells together additional log data and provide a more complete picture of our acreage. This information greatly enhances our understanding of any specific targets variability across the play. We are currently conducting tests using a staggered W pattern in the lower Eagle Ford. And the new data we have gathered on the targets is encouraging as it supports our expectations for success. While it is too early to share results we are excited about the benefits our targeting efforts can have on our Eagle Ford drilling program and ultimate field recovery. We are also pleased with the progress of cost reduction efforts in the Eagle Ford. Our average completed well cost is currently $5.5 million and headed toward our 2015 goal of $5.3 million. Similar to our other plays, most of these cost reductions are being achieved through efficiency gains and should be sustainable. Also, the productivity of the wells continues to show steady improvement through our emphasis on targeting and high density completions. Some of the recent wells are highlighted in our press release. The combination of cost reductions and better well performance through the application of technology is ensuring that this world-class asset will continue to deliver stronger growth for years to come. I will now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks Billy. Capitalized interest for the second quarter 2015 was $11 million. Total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.2 billion excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $85 million. At the end of June 2015, total debt outstanding was $6.4 billion in the debt to total capitalization ratio was 27%. At June 30, we have $1.4 billion of cash on hand giving us non-GAAP net debt of $5 billion for net debt to total cap ratio of 22%. In April, Moody's confirmed EOGs A3 rating with a stable outlook. In July, we successfully entered into a new $2 billion credit agreement to replace the existing one which would have matured in October 2016. Terms of the new agreement are similar to the prior credit agreement. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 146% and current tax expense was $41 million. For the period August 1 through December 31, 2015, EOG has crude oil financial price swap's contracts in place for 10,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of $89.98 per barrel. For the second -- I'm sorry, for the period September 1 through December 31, 2015, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 175,000 MMBtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.51 per MMBtu. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. Now, I will turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Concerning our macro view, we believe current oil prices are not sustainable and the market will rebalance. Low oil prices are slowing supply growth and encouraging demand worldwide. We believe that U.S. oil production will have significant month-over-month declines in the second half of this year. So our assessment is, there is more upside to the forward curve than downside. In summary, before we open up the call for Q&A, I want to talk about the core fundamentals that defined EOGs strategy for creating long-term shareholder value. The first core fundamental is that EOG is return driven. We allocate capital in order to earn the highest returns. As we have done for many years, our goal is to be the peer leader in capital returns. Our second core fundamental is organic growth. Growing through the drill bit is the most return friendly, and therefore, shareholder friendly means of growth. Our goal is to be the leader in organic U.S. oil growth. The third core fundamental is a strong balance sheet. Our goal is to maintain a disciplined spending program that keeps our net debt low and liquidity strong. Finally, the fourth core fundamental is commitment to the dividend. Our track record indicates our continued commitment to the dividend. Staying focused on these four core fundamentals, return driven, organic growth, strong balance sheet and commitment to the dividend is how EOG consistently delivers long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening. Now, we will go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Hi. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for all the detail on the slide deck. Bill, I wanted to start with a micro question if I may because you guys have obviously done a phenomenal job of getting your costs down, your efficiency improvements and I think a couple of slides really speak to the depth of the portfolio. But, it seems that you are making a micro decision based on oil price and no one else seems to be taken the same view. In other words, you're forgoing production growth and a lot of your peers with lesser economics are continuing to pursue goals. I'm just kind of wondering, if you can help us reconcile your micro thoughts with the stock specific opportunities you have in the portfolio. And I guess with a view to 2016. I have got a follow-up.
Bill Thomas: Yes. Doug, our macro view is – we think a very solid view. We do a lot of work and a lot of study on the process and we particularly model what everybody is saying in the U.S. and what they're going to be doing in the second half of this year through their guidance. And we really believe that in the second part of this year we are going to see some strong month-over-month decline rates. And it may take – it will take probably at least two or three more months for the monthly numbers to confirm this. There is a two-month lag in the data and the data is not, as we know, not precise and it gets updated over time. So what we really need to see to confirm this is the July and August monthly data and that will come in, in September and October. So hopefully by that time the declines will be a bit more evident to everybody and if that happens we could see a bit more from this in the price. So our model shows what everybody is guiding that the U.S. will grow about 500,000 to 600,000 barrels a day this year versus the $1.2 million barrel a day last year. So there's a significant drop-off in the year-over-year growth rate. And then if the prices continue to stay low through the end of the year, we expect 2016 to have continued month-over-month decline rates in the U.S. And that will be joined by decline rates in other non-OPEC supply in 2016. And the combination of those things with the continued reasonable demand growth gives a decent opportunity for prices to be a bit better than they are right now in 2016. So certainly that was a factor in our decision to defer spending capital, trying to accelerate oil in the current market. The other thing is, certainly is that we just can't see a good business reason to outspend growing oil in an oversupplied oil market. This does not make sense to us. So we believe we made the right decision.
Doug Leggate: Bill, I admire the discipline. I don't want to belabor this point, but I guess what I'm thinking is, if I look at Slide 5, you clearly have better returns today. For example, in the Leonard than you did when oil was substantially higher, which obviously fits your incentives structure to attract returns. I guess what I'm really kind of thinking is that, let's assuming that you are wrong in oil prices don't recovery and consensus seems to be lower for longer. Would you go back to growth in 2016?
Bill Thomas: Let me give you a good overview. That's a good question. The company is set up for exceptionally strong performance in 2016. The capital required from growth in 2016 is considerably lower then we have had in the previous years. Number one, as you noted, we have achieved very strong efficiency gains on the capital by lowering the cost, banking better wells to technology. And we're going to be able to continue that process in the second half of the year and really reap the benefits of that in 2016. And the second thing is that as we talked about, we have a very large now 320 -- estimate 320 uncompleted well inventory that will be very high quality. I think it will be the highest quality inventory of any operator in the U.S. and that inventory is ready to complete, to begin completion early in the year next year. We have infrastructure in place for all of that uncompleted inventory. So that won't slow us down. And then we're making significant improvements in lowering decline rates in a number of different ways. The first one is, we continue to drill our laterals in better rock. We're drilling -- we are taking a lot of time and effort, picking out the best quality rock in each one of these plays and keeping the lateral in that longer. And then and to execute that well is very important. And when we do that, we now are doing a much better job with these high density fracs and better distributing the frac along the lateral, connecting up more of that good rock. And it certainly lowering our decline rates over time and that makes it easier to grow production. And the last thing, which is very important, we have tremendous capital flexibility in 2016. We don't have many service or rig contracts that will be in place as we begin 2016. We have very few lease retention requirements and we have very few international commitments. So we are fully flexible to concentrate our capital, particularly in the first half of the year, on this very high-quality uncompleted well inventory. We are not going to give any specific guidance on our CapEx until February of next year. We want to work the details and so we're just going to -- we will make our CapEx plans based on what the 2016 forward curve looks like in February. And we are going to remain patient and really run our business right and continue the focus on improving the returns as we go forward.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate it. That's a lengthy answer. I will get back in queue for my follow-up. [indiscernible] time. Thanks again.
Operator: We will next go to Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: Good morning. Let me follow up on your 2016 comments and I appreciate your asset position and you're not in the budget mode today. You are philosophically, I mean if necessary to stay within cash flow into 2016, are you willing to go into annual production declines or is that where you would consider drawing ducts or moving into an outspend?
Bill Thomas: Evan, we definitely want – that's a primary goal is to just have a balanced spending program or CapEx is balanced with our discretionary cash flow. Next year, our capital required just to maintain the flat production is very low. So we don't see a scenario that we can't keep production flat. So I'm going to ask Gary Thomas to kind of walk through how 2016 might unfold.
Gary Thomas: The question there, Evan as far as, yes, would we just grow production? We're not inclined to grow production just in a continued low-price environment. But, like Bill saying, we are well well-positioned with all of our high-quality ducts, wells not completed. And we are going to end the year with 15 to 18 drilling rigs and we will only have 13 under loan contract next year. So in order to go ahead and just lease maintain, possibly grow production, depending on what the prices are, we will start with quite a number of completion units. And that allows us to bring production on rapidly and also we will be able to do it at low cost with all of the reduced costs we have had from increased efficiencies here through 2015.
Evan Calio: Okay. I was just curious, if you would let it go to decline. It sounded more of a no than a yes. But, let me – 
Gary Thomas: We have maintained our productions for domestic just flat here. And that's kind of what we got here through 2015. So that's probably likely for 2016.
Evan Calio: Great. My second one, if I could on a high density completions. You guys are clearly the leader here. It's 95% of Eagle Ford wells this year. You began the Bakken with a very strong Antelope extension well implemented the 2nd Bone Springs this quarter or last quarter Wolfcamp in the 3Q and Leonard since the beginning of the year. I mean can you walk me through how long it takes you to substantially implement those designs across your Delaware and Bakken positions? I'm just wondering how we should think about, how long it takes to get to a similar percentage of high-density completions as you have in the Eagle Ford and the rest of your portfolio.
Gary Thomas: Evan, you have seen this work so well throughout all of our plays. We are under implementation currently. So it's in place and then we are seeing how we can make further improvements in this which is just EOGs way to do our business. So it's in place. Then the Eagle Ford and we are running it in the Permian Basin and also in the Rocky Mountains and most all of our plays. We're thrilled with the results. And we are being able, at first our cost was a little bit higher and you will notice that looking at the Eagle Ford, slightly higher, but we are finding ways to bring those costs down now.
Evan Calio: Great. I will leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Yes. Good morning to everyone there. If I could take another stab at the completion questions specifically the high density and the anti-density completion in the Bakken. I think during David's prepared comments you mentioned that what I thought I heard was that was the first completion in the site in the Antelope extension area. And I'm wondering if you could give us a little history of how long you have been doing this and in what areas you have been doing it and really that's a remarkable result with the Riverview well. And I'm wondering how applicable is that new completion technique across your whole footprint up there?
David Trice: Yes, Charles. This is David. That's correct. That was the first, what we have considered high density completion in Antelope. And obviously, the results speak for themselves. It is an excellent well and we have been, like Gary had mentioned, we are applying those techniques really all across the company and certainly cross the Bakken. No two wells are exactly the same. We always customize the completion job based on the geology. So we are implementing those types of techniques really there at Antelope and in the Bakken core. Obviously, we are doing that in the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin as well. But, we are seeing a tremendous uplift in the productivity of the wells.
Charles Meade: Got it. And so in the core as well as the extension -- antelope extension?
DavidTrice: Yes. The completions aren't identical, like I said, because the geology varies throughout the area, but the key aspects of the completions will be implemented in the core and on down the road and in the non-core as well.
Charles Meade: Got it. Thank you. And then, Bill, if I could try one more stab at this 2016 picture that obviously everyone is curious about but you guys are still working on it, if, I knew that you have this discipline returns focus. I'm wondering if you could foresee, if the forward curve does bear out, is there a time in 2016 when you think -- when you could foresee, having progressed enough on the efficiency and cost front that the returns would be sufficient that you would want to go ahead and accelerate completion activity even if we're still looking at $52 oil at the of 2016?
Bill Thomas: Charles, we are going to – that's really good question. Really, even if oil stays where it is right now, we are going to go ahead and move forward in a pretty aggressive fashion on that DUC inventory in the first part of the year. That would be the highest return decision that we could make with our capital. We really thought through this and we worked on this plan back in late 2014 and really thought the consequences of all the different price scenarios as we considered it over kind of a two year period. And so we will be starting completion fairly aggressive on these DUCs early next year.
Charles Meade: Thank you, Bill. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: We will take our next question from Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani: Hi, guys. I was hoping for a little bit more color around the stagger stack activity here in Eagle Ford. Just trying to get a sense of what type of space between wellbores you guys are imploring and basically how long have you had some of these pilots on and when you think we might see results here?
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo. This is Billy Helms. For our staggered W patterns that we are testing now we actually have several patterns across the field that we're testing as we speak. Just a reminder, in our last update on the Eagle Ford we have about 3.2 billion barrels of recoverable oil out of 7200 locations. That's an average of about 40 acre spacing. So obviously we're testing spacing. And these are W patterns in the lower Eagle Ford only. And so that spacing would be somewhat less than 40 acres each. Spacing pattern is slightly different. And we are just beginning to see some of those early results and actually just testing some of them haven't even come on production yet. So we still need some time to evaluate the production from these to understand what the impact is going to be. To the field, obviously, we are pretty optimistic based on some of the early results we have seen, but it is still early yet to really talk about the impact so we are encouraged though.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. I guess, I think a lot of people are curious about whether or not there is any decent kind of M&A your acreage acquisition opportunities out there on the market giving low prices? Can you guys kind of address your thoughts on the current M&A market?
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo. This is Billy Helms, again. Just like many of our peer companies we are looking for those opportunities. I think you can see prices have been fairly good as far as people selling properties. I think evaluations are still pretty high. You have seen very few large M&A structures out there and I think we are kind of see the same thing. We have evaluated many things. I think what you will probably see more of is the smaller tactical acquisitions. That's kind of what we are maybe more focused on than any kind of large M&A things out there. We are seeing opportunities in different basins and we are actively looking at things we are still optimistic that we are going to be able to do some more small tactical acquisitions and build acreage positions in some of our key or emerging plays. We are having some success in just acquiring lease sold in some of our new emerging plays more so than we have in the past. So that's positive. So overall, I think right now the deals that are out there and available, there is still quite a bit of money chasing them. The prices are still pretty highly valued for the oil properties. So the key is trying to find things for us, for EOG the key is finding things that will add good valuable acreage that will compete with our existing inventory. But we're going to be very selective in what we chase.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Subash Chandra with Guggenheim Securities.
Subash Chandra: Yes. Hi. Good morning. From your comment earlier that your base decline rate is you're making progress there et cetera. So is it fair to conclude that you are pretty well convinced the combination of lateral targeting and high density completion is enhancing oil recovery versus accelerated recovery of existing reserves? And, that the decline curve does not change on these completions versus the base completions? And then I have a follow-up.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Subash. We are fairly convinced that we are not competing for a reserve with offset wells. And the reason is that these high density completions they do two things. They connect up more of the rock along the lateral and the second thing they do is, they really help contain the geometry of the frac. So the frac does not frac out as long it's far in a lateral extent or even if it doesn't frac vertically a great distance to connect up a significant amount of rock. So the fracs are not competing with each other for production. So we used to think, it has really been a shift in thinking, we used to think that these big fracs just connected up a lot of rock both laterally and vertically, but as we go forward and we change the design and we get more data we become more convinced that the frac is just, especially these high density fracs is really most effective very, very close to the wellbore. So that is really helping to boost our confidence and that we're going to add additional reserve potential going forward.
Subash Chandra: Got it. Thank you. And my follow-up, it is something you have hesitated to answer before. I will try it again anyway. But is there any regional color you can give on production by basin in your guide, which areas might be raising and falling et cetera?
Bill Thomas: No. Other than just generally, we don't guide by area. And we're not going to be doing that in the future, but you can generally, the Eagle Ford is obviously our strongest producer. The Bakken and the Permian are kind of second and third, but our activity, as you all know, in the Delaware Basin this year has doubled from last year. So we are growing volumes there rather rapidly in the Permian.
Subash Chandra: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Cox with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Cox: Great. Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. Maybe a segue one, my first question on the Permian. I don't need to be nitpicky, but it seemed like there was a relative shift away from the Leonard and towards the Wolfcamp and the Delaware Basin. Has there been any change the way you view the plays or is this just the Wolfcamp getting better and maybe just some overall commentary on your thoughts on the Delaware portfolio and potential for acceleration going forward?
Billy Helms: Yes, Brian. This is Billy Helms. In the Delaware Basin certainly we are excited about all three of the major plays we have there. The Wolfcamp, the Bone Springs and the Leonard. For the Leonard it's more – it's more mature play for EOG. We have been operating there. We have more history. We understand the play a little bit more than we do some of the other plays. So we have shifted some of that activity to the Wolfcamp and Bone Springs. The Bone Springs probably has the biggest relative increase in capital this year. We completed quite a few wells in the first half. And then the Wolfcamp will be completing more wells in the second half of the year than we have in the first half, but in general the Wolfcamp, we are still learning a lot about it. We have got quite a few targets zones we are testing. We are testing various areas of the Wolfcamp play where we have acreage and we're testing some various spacing patterns. So we still have a lot to learn about the Wolfcamp. The other thing we're doing is with the Wolfcamp being in the deeper target we are gathering additional data on the Leonard and Bone Springs pay zones when we drill down through those on our way to the Wolfcamp. So by gathering additional petrophysical data and rock data we are better able to look at the variability of the pace actions and those two shallower pay zones and gives us a better idea about how to develop those, how to better target those and where the best upside might be. So it is kind of an overall approach to understand the play better. And that's one reason, major reason we have shifted more to the Wolfcamp.
Brian Cox: Thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe just an overall question on portfolio -- on the broader company portfolio. At this point we have had questions about the potential for acquisitions, but are there any interest on your end in divestitures, our international assets still considered core at this point or is there any other parts of the portfolio when you think about long-term portfolio optimization where you could be a potential seller?
Bill Thomas: Brian, yes. We were always interested in upgrading our portfolio. And so every year we mix in property sales in our plan and this year is no different; 2016 will be no different. And we want to continue to divest -- think about divesting the properties that are less profitable obviously that don't fit our CapEx requirements. We have such an enormous high-graded inventory to develop we are always wanting to evaluate the potential of our existing properties. At this point in the company, we don't really have a lot of what I would call crummy properties or not quality properties. All of our properties are fairly quality, but we're going to be looking at continuing to upgrade our portfolio as we go forward.
Brian Cox: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Bill, you had some good commentary, good Q&A earlier on 2016. I appreciate all that but just trying to distill some of the earlier questions this morning. Are you saying that you think if the current strip that EOG can keep exit rate 2015 production flat next year within cash flow?
Bill Thomas: I think that is an accurate statement, Pearce. We are set up so well with the DUC inventory that even with the low prices we would have enough cash flow to keep production flat.
Pearce Hammond: All right. Thank you for that. And then my follow-up, does you had the good news slide in your deck about compensation factor weightings for the E&P industry. And EOG had much less emphasis on production and reserve growth than peers and I assume obviously that leads into your decision to build the DUC inventory in the second half of this year higher than what you originally thought and be restrained on production because of the lower price environment that we are in. However, earlier on the call you stated that you would not have 2016 production decline year-over-year at the current strip. So if the returns for 2016 aren't that great and your compensation structure doesn't tell you to push production, why wouldn't you employ the same strategy in 2016 as you are employing in the second half of this year or is there a mechanical reason why you don't want production to decline? Is it problematic or is it just strictly cash flow needs?
Bill Thomas: I think next year, Pearce, what we are saying is that even with the minimum, even with the low-price cash flow scenario the highest return investment we could make in the company would be to begin completing those DUCs and complete those DUCs earlier in the year versus spending that money on other things. So the quality of these DUCs is very high quality. So we have infrastructure in place. So that would be the highest return place to put the money.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: We will take our next question from Irene Haas with Wunderlich.
Irene Haas: Yes. Hi. I specifically would like to ask you a question in North Delaware basin. I am noticing these wells are really very, very attractively priced like $7 million D&C. So question is, this is less overpressure, how many streams of casing do you use up there? And also these quotes we're looking at, are they in patch sort of patch drilling for pat mode, could we expect for the more reduction to come? And then alluding a little bit to something you said earlier, in the final development scheme which would be specing these really prolific zones together when you go into manufacturing mode that's probably something different from Eagle Ford.
Gary Thomas: Hello, Irene. This is Gary Thomas. Yes, we are really pleased with the progress we have made there in the Delaware. But I would say it's really early on and you really, that was really good comment there as far as, yes, it is overpressured and we are still working on our wellbore geometry. So we have tested several different things. We believe that we will be able to get to a point where we are looking at two string design and just like we always do and like you have seen us do in the Eagle Ford and in the Bakken, we will just continue to reduce those days and we will reduce those costs. Because --, go ahead, Irene.
Irene Haas: Go ahead. I’m sorry.
Gary Thomas: I was just going to say yes, you look through those various plays and we reduced our days anywhere from, oh goodness, 15% to 30%. And of course, that translates to cost. We are really making a lot of progress on the completion side in cost reduction. So yes, overall our total well cost has been reduced by about 20%. But again, it's less in the Delaware and we're just kind of turning that on [indiscernible].
Irene Haas: So I was wondering, for the two wells you quoted, they are really short lateral and they got some really kind of impressive rates. And so my question for you, are you targeting pure shale or are you looking for something a little different?
GaryThomas: The Wolfcamp is, I would say it's, we're looking at whatever the best pay target is in those at this point in time. So in every one of these plays, as Bill mentioned earlier, we are spending a lot of time on targeting and trying to understand what the best part of that rock is, if it's a shale that's great. If it's not it's a silk stone, we look at those. So each area the target varies and so we spend quite a bit of time trying to understand what is the best target and then how do we best develop that? And the completion approach varies on each one of those. And the spacing approach might vary on each one of those. In general, our target windows are getting much more narrow than they had been in the past and we are seeing that by keeping the wellbores in the best rock longer and being able to more intentionally complete those wells in that best target productivity is better and the declines are lower.
Irene Haas: Great. It sounds like a really surgical approach.
Gary Thomas: We hope so.
Irene Haas: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston: Hi, guys. Thanks. My first question is on LOE costs. We saw a nice decline this quarter and the guidance suggests that the run rate should be in the low $6 range or so because which is also down from all of last year. We have seen most other companies report lower LOE costs as well. I'm just trying to gauge how sustainable to lower trend is for you guys. It looks like decline for EOG was less a function of fewer workovers, but rather a significant decline on the O&M front. You have referenced the impact of new infrastructure in the core of the Williston, but can you maybe talk about which components of O&M you are seeing costs decline and how much of those savings are secular versus cyclical?
Gary Thomas: Yes. This is Gary Thomas. I'm sure you noticed that the first quarter and we commented on that last earnings call, it was above our guidance and our reason is we were a little bit late getting some of our infrastructure installed and that all did come on. So we had that infrastructure in place and our major plays, a few other things yet to be done there. So as far as driving our cost down the way we have here this second quarter, it's about half through having infrastructure, maybe a quarter of that just vendor cost reduction and other quarter would be just efficiency gains. So a large portion of that will be sustainable. It's really, we always make comments about our infrastructure and that spending, but it sure has been official for us getting our cost down and you will notice that our chart number 12 there, really pleased with us becoming more of liquids company and then being able to maintain our lifting cost fairly flat.
Phillips Johnston: Sounds good.
Gary Thomas: The second –
Phillips Johnston: The second question, your production guidance suggests roughly a 2% up tick in [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter after three quarters of sequential declines. I just wanted to reconcile that up tick with the fact that you guys spent about 60% of your capital budget for the year in the first half and you also reduced the number of expected net completions in the Eagle Ford and the Permian by about 50 wells for the year.
Gary Thomas: That kind of goes back to the time required from the point of -- yes, you initiate the well or even initiate the completion with us having several of these big part of our wells and now our own on pads, so you bring numbers of wells on. So yes, we are going to be bringing cost down and we will be able to maintain our production here with this second half as we have guided.
Phillips Johnston: Okay. Just a follow-up on that. Are you able to say what percentage of the 405 net wells you plan to complete in Eagle Ford, Bakken, Permian, have you completed in the first half of the year?
Gary Thomas: Yes. First half is roughly 55%, second half like 45%.
Phillips Johnston: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Thomas, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Yes. I did have a couple of final remarks. First of all, thank you for the great questions. I also want to thank all the employees of EOG for their tremendous efforts and contributions this year in making the EOG successful just did an outstanding job. My final message is this, I think you have heard it all through the call, the company continues to be focused on creating long-term shareholder value. We are not chasing short-term volumes in an oversupplied oil market. We have really focused on the fundamentals, improving returns, improving operating margins and building decades of high return growth potential. Our plan, EOGs plan is to deliver value to shareholders with high margin, high return production growth for years to come. So I want to thank everybody for listening and certainly thank you for your support.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's call.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - CFO Bill Thomas - Chairman & CEO Gary Thomas - President & COO Billy Helms - EVP, Exploration & Production David Trice - EVP, Exploration & Production Lance Terveen - VP, Marketing Operations Cedric Burgher - Senior VP, Investor & Public Relations
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Leo Mariani - RBC Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities David Tameron - Wells Fargo Pearce Hammond - Simmons and Company Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Marshall Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to the EOG Resources' First Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. Just as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2015 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, VP in Marketing Operations; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included guidance for the second quarter and full-year 2015 in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas, will review our 2015 plan and first quarter highlights; David Trice and Billy Helms will review operational results. I'll then discuss EOG's financials, capital structure, and hedge position, and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Here is Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning. Our strategy this year is to remain laser focused on returns and position EOG to resume peer-leading oil growth when oil prices recover. We laid out a plan two months ago on our year-end call and I am pleased that our first quarter results are right on track. We are quickly transforming the company to be successful in this low price environment. There are four basic objectives to our 2015 plan. Objective number one, maximize 2015 return on capital invested and position the company to resume strong growth when oil prices recover. As we discussed earlier this year, our drilling operations are focused on our top three plays: the Eagle Ford, Delaware Basin, and Bakken, where 85% of our 2015 capital is directed. We generate a direct after-tax rate of return of 35% or greater, with a flat $55 WTI oil price in each of these plays, and returns improve as we lower cost and improve well productivity. We have also stated that we have no interest in accelerating oil production at the bottom of the commodity price cycle. Instead, we are drilling but deferring completions on a significant number of wells known as DUCs until oil prices improve. A $10 increase in the price of oil, with a six month deferral adds about $300,000 of net present value to a typical well. This amounts to a significant value creation from our drilled but uncompleted well inventory. It is the right business decision to drill the wells and defer completions, instead of buying out drilling contracts or growing oil in a low price environment. By deferring completion, and accelerating oil growth in a better price environment, we maximize 2015 return on capital invested and build momentum as we head into 2016. We plan to enter 2016 with approximately 285 DUCs. If oil prices recover and stabilize around $65 WTI, EOG can resume strong double-digit growth for the balance CapEx to discretionary cash flow program. Objective number two, focus on improving well productivity and operational efficiencies to position EOG to exit this downturn stronger than we entered it. There are two primary drivers that will improve our per well and total asset returns. The first is well productivity enhancement, and the second is well cost reductions. For well productivity, we are expanding our use of high density completions and testing down spacing to maximize to NPV per section. For the next productivity game changer, we are beginning to look at ways to improve horizontal target selection. It's still early but initial results have been promising. On the cost side, the slowdown in activity is giving us more time to focus on efficiency improvements. While much has been made of service cost reductions, we expect, we will gain the most long-term benefits from efficiency gains. Our efforts of driving down both well cost and operating expenses. Currently well costs are already running at or below 2015 plan levels across all our major plays. You will hear more specifics on cost reduction and productivity gains in a few minutes, as we discuss individual play highlights. Objective number three, protect our balance sheet by meeting our cash flow and CapEx expectations for the year. As a result of existing service contract commitments, and projects set in motion in 2014, capital spent for this year is front-end loaded. We outspent discretionary cash flow in the first quarter. But for the remainder of the year we expect discretionary cash flow and CapEx to be balanced, if oil price remains near recent level. Capital discipline and the strong balance sheet are key to our long-term strategy. This allows us to manage our company through a low commodity price environment, such as today's, in addition that strength allows EOG to continue to make smart long-term rate of return driven operational decisions, such as infrastructure investments and acreage additions that will pay dividends for years to come. Objective number four, take advantage of opportunities during the down cycle to add acreage. We are using our exploration skills to define high quality acreage and are having good success capturing leasehold interest in emerging plays. Competition is down, acreage is available, and leasing costs are low compared to previous years, and we are optimistic more opportunities will materialize as the year progresses. We are also evaluating tactical acquisition candidates. Now let's take a moment to discuss our production performance and the outlook for the remainder of the year. We are not interested in growing oil at the bottom of the commodity price cycle. While oil production did come down sequentially in the first quarter, it was slightly over the high-end of our guidance. The driver of our outperformance was primarily improved well resorts. Our integrated completion technology, which combines improvements in target selection, and geo steering, with our latest techniques and high density completion decision is providing the next step change in our well performance. The best rocks respond best and big fields keep getting bigger. EOG's combination of sweet spot acreage and industry-leading technology enables us to continue to outperform expectations. As we described on our February call, our production profile will be U-shaped this year. If the current forward oil curve continues to improve, our plan is to increase well completions in the third quarter. Therefore, we expect our oil productions to return to growth in the fourth quarter, building momentum as we head into 2016. We are right on track with this plan. Now let's turn our attention to a discussion of our three high return oil plays. I will start by discussing the Eagle Ford; then David Trice, will discuss the Delaware Basin; and Billy Helms, will follow with a discussion of the Bakken and the Rockies plays. In the Eagle Ford this year, we are reducing drilling rigs from 23 at year-end 2014 to an average of 15. We plan to complete about 345 net wells which is a 35% reduction in completions compared to 2014. As we reduce activity, we have a full court press to continue to reduce well costs and improve oil productivity. And I'm happy to report that excellent progress in both areas is underway. Year-to-date, we have reduced total completed well costs by 10% from an industry-leading $6.1 million average well cost in 2014 to a current well cost of $5.5 million. The reduction is driven by combination of efficiency gains and lower service costs. For 2015, increased pad drilling and fewer drilling requirements for lease retention have contributed to the efficiency gains. This year, approximately 75% of the wells will be drilled and completed on pads, and over 80% of our acreage is currently by production. At year-end, we expect to have more than 90% of our acreage held by production. We are targeting $5.3 million well cost by the end of this year, which if accomplished, would be 7% below our 2015 plan for the Eagle Ford. In addition to cost reductions, we continue to make significant improvements in our integrated completion process, which combines target selection, geo steering, and high density completion designs. Identifying the best lot to drill the lateral, keeping the lateral in that lot longer, using the latest completion technology is making a significant difference in well productivity and decline curves. When we compare wells with high density completions versus wells with low density completions, we see a 23% increase in cumulative oil production in the first 90 days. We also see that that production rates are holding up longer. With this success, we plan to complete about 95% of our 2015 Eagle Ford wells with high density completion designs. With lower declines, production growth will be easier to achieve than in previous years, and returns on investment will continue to increase as we move forward. Finally, we're still experimenting with various techniques and spacing patterns such as using enhanced target selection methods and experimenting with W patterns within the lower Eagle Ford. We are optimistic this process will continue to increase our drilling inventory in the future. This slowdown in activity is allowing us to further evaluate this world-class asset. With better wells and lower costs, EOG's Eagle Ford asset is in great position to deliver strong growth and returns for many years to come. I will now turn it over to David Trice to cover our Permian basin activity.
David Trice: Thanks, Bill. If you recall, we increased capital spend this year in the Permian, but we are still in the early innings of evaluating ultimate potential of our Delaware Basin asset. As we ramped up activity in Delaware Basin, we've made quick progress using our integrated completions process. We identified the best drilling targets within the best reservoirs, while making sure we keep our laterals in these discrete intervals. This, combined with our use of advanced EOG completion techniques, has resulted in dramatically improved wells. During the first quarter, we were most active in the Second Bone Spring Sand play, where we are testing various targets as well as different well spacing patterns. Microseismic data we have gathered throughout the play indicates good pressure containment within the individual Second Bone Spring Sand targets. For example, we drilled three wells in Lea County, New Mexico, on the Jolly Roger 16 State Lease. The wells tested three different Second Bone Spring Sand targets at 600 foot well spacing. All three targets are very productive with IP rates ranging from 1,030 to 1,315 barrels of oil per day. And the technical data we collected does not indicate any production sharing between these wells. Going forward, we will continue to push spacing limits and test new targets. Another notable Second Bone Spring Sand well we brought on in the first quarter was the Brown Bear 36 State Number 502H, which IP'd at a rate of 1,700 barrels of oil per day. We are very pleased with these results and expect our individual well performance and recoveries to continue to improve as we refine our drilling targets and implement high density conclusions. In addition to impressive well results, we are pushing down cost. Our current well cost is $6 million, which is down 22% from 2014. We expect this trend to continue and have a target cost of $5.7 million by year-end. The overpressure oil window and the Wolfcamp continues to deliver excellent results and rate of return. The Brown Bear 36 State Number 701H was drilled in Lea County, New Mexico, and came on at 3,165 barrels of oil per day. We are planning to increase our activity on this play throughout the remainder of the year. And we are confident we can achieve increased well performance and lower cost as we move toward development mode. In the Leonard Shale, we completed a 300 foot spaced; four well pattern during the first quarter. The Excelsior-12 number 3H, 4H, 5H, and 6H, were brought on line producing from 955 to 1,165 barrels of oil per day. The Leonard Shale is the most mature of our current plays in the Delaware Basin. The well economics continue to improve as we tighten spacing and lower cost. In fact, much like the Western Eagle Ford, we made better returns at $65 oil now than we could in 2012 at $95 oil. We are optimistic, similar trends will emerge in the Wolfcamp and Second Bone Spring Sand in the coming years. Even as EOG increases activity in the Delaware Basin, overall industry slowdown is helping us lower well cost, add additional acreage, and optimize long-term infrastructure needs, such as water handling and takeaway capacity. We are very excited about the potential of the Delaware Basin and its key role in EOG's future growth. Billy Helms will now discuss the Rockies plays.
Billy Helms: Thanks, David. As we previously stated, most of our 2015 capital in our Rockies plays will be focused in the Bakken, with minimal activity in the DJ Basin and Powder River Basin. Each of these are well established plays with significant remaining potential. And now, all are benefiting greatly from the pull-back in activity. Plans are in place and steady progress is being made in lowering cost in each phase of our operations. In the Bakken, the slowdown in activity is allowing us to focus on three things. First, we have made tremendous progress on operational efficiencies and lowering well cost. Our typical 10,000 foot lateral is now drilled in just over 10 days. And the well cost is currently 14% less than the 2014 well cost. We anticipate this year's well cost will be as much as 20% below 2014 levels with a target of $7.4 million. Second, we are using new technical data from our integrated completion process to further adjust and tailor our high density completion designs to specific formation properties. Understanding and using this data gives us insight into to how to adjust the completion along the lateral to effectively optimize each stage. These modifications are leading to improved results. And third, we're able to maintain a more stable production base with minimal downtime associated with offset competition interference. This allows us to better evaluate the production from various spacing patterns to determine our ultimate development plan. In the first quarter, we began producing eight wells in two 500 foot space patterns in the partial area. Initial per well production rates from a five-well pattern averaged 1,235 barrels of oil per day and a three-well pattern averaged 1,345 barrels of oil per day. We are encouraged by the results from these down spacing patterns and are confident in our ability to maximize the recovery and ultimately, net present value of this asset. In the DJ Basin, we continue to refine our targeting in the Codell and experiment with modified completion designs. Recent examples of improved targeting and completions are two Jubilee Wells that each had initial production rates of over 1,000 barrels of oil per day. Further, 2015 activity in the DJ will be limited to drilling wells nearly to maintain leasehold and finishing completion operations on a few wells. In the Powder River Basin, activity will be focused on delineation and target selection of this profitable stacked resource play. The Turner formation is one of these stacked pay interval and continues to generate good results as evidenced by the recently completed Flatbow 13-13H with an IP of 860 barrels of oil per day. Our commitment to the long-term profitability of our Rockies plays is emphasized by additional infrastructure capital being invested that could reduce our future well cost by $300,000 to $500,000 per well. These investments include building more pipelines to move water to well-sites, and adding water handling infrastructure for recycling and disposal. As a result, we will not only reduce upfront capital but also reduce long-term LOE. These investments will decrease our need for trucking services and also help our communities by reducing truck traffic. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Billy. Capitalized interest for the first quarter 2015 was $12 million. Total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.5 billion, excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant, and equipment, were $117 million. Drilling activity is expected to decline in the second quarter and flat now. And we have maintained our full-year capital expenditure guidance of $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion. At the end of March 2015, total debt outstanding was $6.9 billion, and the debt to total cap ratio was 28%. At March 31, we had $2.1 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $4.8 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 21%. In April, Moody's confirmed EOG's A3 rating with a stable outlook. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 28% and the current tax expense was $31 million. For the period May 1, through June 30, 2015, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 47,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of $91.22 per barrel. For the period July 1, through December 31, 2015, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 10,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of $89.98 per barrel. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. For the period June 1, through December 31, 2015, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for approximately 203,500 MMBtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.31 per MMBtu. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. Now, I'll turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. We continue to believe that current oil process will discourage oil exploration and development worldwide and will encourage demand growth. This will correct the current oversupply situation and the market will continue to rebalance. We believe there is more upside to the forward curve than downside. In summary, here are some important points to take away from this call. First, EOG remains disciplined. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet. We do not plan to increase 2015 CapEx. And at recent oil price, our CapEx to discretionary cash flow will be balanced for the remainder of the year. Second, the company's priority remains clearly focused on returns. We have directed 2015 capital to our highest oil return plays, which generate 35% or better after-tax rates of return at $55 WTI price environment. Returns are improving on each of these assets as we go forward. Well costs are going down and well productivity is going up. Even as oil prices have retreated, our direct rates of return are improving, and EOG will be more than competitive in the world markets as we go forward. Third, we continue to organically grow reserve potential in our existing plays through down spacing and completion enhancements. We believe that Eagle Ford, Delaware Basin, and Bakken, will continue to grow in drilling potential. We are also optimistic that we will find new potential through our exploration efforts. As we test and confirm meaningful results, we will update you with new potential reserve estimates in the future. Fourth, we've said all along that we are preparing to return to growth in 2016 when oil prices improve. If we have $65 WTI price environment in 2016, we can presume our strong double-digit oil growth profile with a balance CapEx to discretionary cash flow program. And finally, EOG is in this business for the long-term. We've not made short-term decisions this year that would hinder our future growth. This year, we are even more committed to advancements in the technology, exploration, cost reduction, and operational execution. The company is building on the culture that has set EOG apart and resetting the bar to be successful in a lower commodity price environment. As we look to the future, we fully expect to remain the North America growth leader and the peer leader in returns on capital employed. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate: Bill, I wonder if I could touch on your completion strategy. What would it take -- what would we need to see in order to re-up the -- I guess the pace of completions to match your drilling pace? And I guess, and a related question is the backlog that you've talked about coming out of 2015, what kind of pace would you expect to move those towards production? And then I've got a quick follow-up please.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug, thanks for the question. Yes, the reason we've deferred the completions is to really substantially increase the rate of return. So as we go forward this year, it's really important for us to be patient and allow the prices to continue to firm up. As I've said, every -- the first $10 in oil price increase with a six months deferral is a $300,000 net PV add to typical well. So we want to make sure that we allow prices to firm up and that the prices will continue to be firm and not short-term. And then on a -- we are -- as you see, we're getting significant cost reduction as we go forward. We're gaining on that every day. And we're gaining on well productivity as we go forward. So we don't want to get in a hurry. We want to stay disciplined. We certainly don't want to jump, start completions, and the price may be fall back. So if the forward curve continues to stay firm, then our plan, as we said, is to begin completing wells in the third quarter. And we will really look at what the outlook on 2016 prices are that's what we're targeting and that's what we're really focusing on. So we'll just continue to watch the fundamentals and certainly we want to be convinced that they're strong going forward. And we'll really make the call for the third quarter activity probably July or so after we get a little bit more data.
Doug Leggate: So just to be clear on the pace of -- I mean you could obviously bring those completions back very, very quickly and turbo charge to your drill. So I don't know how easy as to frame the pace but I mean would you plan to have the backlog with just -- I guess a level of this equivalent to your current drilling rate within a period of time, can you help kind of walk us through how you may think about that, just trying to see what the upside is to the growth side, when you come -- when you go back to completing those wells?
Bill Thomas: Yes, we're going to -- I guess the answer to that, Doug, is we're going to be really patient and disciplined about it and kind of gradually increase the activities we go forward, making sure that the price is going to hold up. And we really do, as a company, EOG we're very, very focused on returns. So every time that price increases a little bit and every time we get the productivity wells up and get the cost down, we're making higher returns so there is no use pushing that too quickly. And so the ramp up will be, as we talked about, the production shape is going to be U-shaped this year and the second and third quarters will be the low point, but the fourth quarter, with the current plan, is to ramp up production growth and the heading into 2016 on a very strong note.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate that. But my very quick follow up, hopefully I'm not taking up too much time here, but just on the comment on the tactical acquisitions, I just wonder if I could indulge me as you can get indulge me to may be elaborate a little bit on whether you're -- you see a pipeline has sufficient closer between the bid and ask, if you like. And there's been some speculation that you folks might have been interested or may be still be interested in looking at some of the resource available in California. And I just wonder if you could add that in your answer and I'll leave it there? Thank you.
Bill Thomas: Yes, I'm going to ask Billy Helms, he is very engaged in that process and so he can bring us up to-date on that.
Billy Helms: Yes, good morning, Doug. We're -- yes, we are looking at a lot of opportunities, as you know; there is a lot of opportunities out there. There's still a pretty good spread between the bid and ask on the acquisition front. I think we'll be very selective. We continue to be very selective in our approach, and what we're looking for, and I think we'll see some opportunities as we go forward, but there will be smaller, more tactical acquisitions, as well as just continuing to be able to accrete leasehold in some of our key plays and emerging place. And so I think that's going to be our approach. I don't think you'll see us doing any large M&A kind of things in the future. They'll be more targeted to the smaller things that we've traditionally done as a company. And so continue to be very selective and review those on a one case or case-by-case basis.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question that will come from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey: Sorry to press on the drilled uncompleted but I guess a follow-up is trying to get a sense of the pace at which the 285 would come back relative to how much drilling you would do simultaneously. I think what you're saying is that a $65 plus price you would be ramping up I guess the DUCs or the drilling both simultaneously? Could you just go into that again? Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Paul, that's a good question. And as we head into the last half of this year and think about 2016, we'll be on a pretty good uptick. So what we want to do is get the equipment and the people and place and get the process started certainly very strongly in the second half of the year. And then, when we hit 2016, if oil prices continue to hold up, we will continue to increase our activity accordingly. Of course the goal is and the plan is to continue to remain CapEx to discretionary cash flow balance. And so that will really govern our activity. The stronger the price of oil is they're more obviously capital we'll have to work with and the more we'll continue to increase our activity. As we look at the second part of this year, part of the process will be evaluating is how many drilling rigs to continue to have joint wells versus releasing rigs. And that certainly will be a function of what the oil price is. And so we won't get too far out in front on the drilling side. The 285 DUC that we start the year with most likely over the first half of the year will reduce significantly as we go forward and we'll exit the year, next year, with considerably less DUCs than we’re exiting this year with.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I think I understand. So I think -- to reinterpret the close that you're to 65 the more DUCs will be used to generate the double-digit return but excuse me seasonally double-digit growth. But what you're essentially saying if we're 65 or above you will be delivering double-digit growth next year?
Bill Thomas: Yes, I think that's correct, yes, good.
Paul Sankey: Thank you. And then the follow-up is there is some criticism always about the relationship between the IRRs of individual wells and how they flow through to corporate returns. Could you just add anything that you have to add on how the current environment and the outlook will flow through, if you like, to your overall corporate return on capital employed? Thank you.
Bill Thomas: Yes, the rates of return that we talk about -- the direct rates of return and we used direct after-tax numbers when we quote our plays, those are on capital for the well cost and the production facilities of that well and that's the only cost in there. Of course the full corporate returns on ROCE are all capital and all capital spent from the history of the company. And so you’ve got legacy gas properties in there and lots of other things in there over time and that's the real difference in the thing. As you -- everybody has noted over the last several years, EOG's ROCE numbers have continued to improve rather strongly, and over the last year, our ROCE numbers were higher certainly than the E&P peer group and they were even higher than the average of the integrators and the majors. So we have one of the strongest track records and one of the strongest ROCEs in the business and that just reflects EOG's continued focus on returns. Rates of return on our capital drives every decision in EOG and it is the fundamental metric that we use to manage the company. So as we talk about this year we're deferring wells that's really just to drive up the returns on our capital and all these things we're doing to decrease well cost and increase productivity are very, very focused on driving up the returns to the company as we go forward. So really that's the main difference.
Paul Sankey: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color around your second quarter U.S. oil production guidance. I look at the -- I guess the midpoint in the second quarter is down roughly 10% sequentially versus the first quarter. Could you guys kind of provide some color around that whether or not number of completions is extremely limited here in the second quarter? When you guys talked about deferring and is that deferring almost all of them or just majority, could you just kind of give us some color around that?
Bill Thomas: Yes, the reason that we're -- our guidance from the second quarter is down is because we've had a significant reduction in the amount of wells we complete that's really the driver. We were down 39% in completions in the first quarter. And then, in the second quarter, we were down additional 36%. And that is really just a process of deferring the wells and not completing the wells and just really taking off the spin right as we move into the second quarter. So that's really just driving it. And of course those will, we still have maintained our full-year guidance and we'll be making that backup that production backup in the second half of the year and it will be at much higher returns because we are waiting.
Leo Mariani: All right. I guess obviously you guys talked about sticking to your capital budget here in all costs. But at the same time you’re also talking about starting to accelerate some completions at $65 oil which could happen as soon as this 3Q. Just to clarify is that accelerated activity in 3Q and 4Q, if we get to the right oil price, is that actually in the CapEx budget for 2015 already?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Leo, let me let Gary Thomas address that.
Gary Thomas: Yes, Leo. We do have those incorporated in our capital with our ramp up there, as Bill said, may be starting in July just watching oil prices but then will ramp up through the year. As a matter of fact yes we're doing less completions, we're kind of keep our frac rates in place, we've dropped them down from 7 days to 5 days, just everything to conserve capital here in the first half.
Leo Mariani: All right. That's helpful. And I guess just talking about some down spacing result that you all had. I guess in particular looks like in the Bakken and the Leonard; it looks like some of the IP rates you reported in some of those areas a little bit lower than some of the previous wells. Am I interpreting that you may be seeing some initial interference on those or is that incorrect?
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo, this is, Billy Helms. For the Bakken, as we continue to experiment with our completion designs we're seeing different areas of the field have different rock properties and we're tailoring those completion designs to match those rock properties. So we have, as you can imagine the quality of the rock varies across the field, so you got some areas that generate a little bit higher production rates than other areas. So it's just a function of the properties of that particular area other reservoir and we're very confident that our down spacing patterns and our approaches that we're testing are going to lead to our best recovery in net present value for those assets.
Operator: And next we'll go to Subash Chandra with Guggenheim.
Subash Chandra: So a question on the Eagle Ford. I guess the W pattern staggered pattern I guess being described there in some of the other things you're trying. Is it too early to hazard a guess as to the inventory gains you might have come out of this process and similarly and say the Bakken where you're doing similar work?
Bill Thomas: Yes, it's too early on that to give some guidance on the inventory possibilities but certainly we’re optimistic. There is going to be upside but a little of what we're doing there is we’re using some enhanced identification tools to really identify the very, very best targets in the lower Eagle Ford. The rock quality varies as you go vertically up and down the section and we believe we have the ability to identify better rock in certain parts of the Eagle Ford and then make target selections based on that. So it's not just a geo metric pattern, it really is got a lot of technical work behind it and a lot of high grading as we pick each one of those targets. And so we're really just starting that process and we're optimistic about it but it's really too early to give guidance on the amount of upside it might be.
Subash Chandra: It is fair to say though I think in your commentary you said that because my initial impression was that individual wells will be better but I think you talked about increasing inventory there. So is it fair to say that as you target these laterals you might actually be accessing or getting a lot more locations out of more of the rock within say a section?
Bill Thomas: Yes, that's definitely true. We're hopeful that it will continue to build our inventory up. We have to prove that but certainly that is strong possibility.
Operator: And next we'll go to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Bill, if I could ask a question again on your 2015 plans, may be from a little different angle. The way it seems to me, what you've articulated this morning it’s pretty much the same as what you talked about two months ago with ramping activity towards the end of the year into 2016. But I'm curious, can you may be speak about at the margin, has there been a shift in your thinking, especially, we're looking at crude over $60, close to $61 here today. And is there may be some subtlety in a shift from which we're thinking a couple of months ago when you talked about Q4 results that you want to direct us to?
Bill Thomas: No Charles. That’s a good question. We really don’t have a lot of different outlook on the macro or our 2015 plan than we had back in our February call. We made the call to defer drilling, because we thought this would be or could be a short-term cycle, and we're hopeful and certainly we're encouraged by the current firming of the products. So we’re hopeful that’s what will turn out. But we still, as I said earlier, we're more optimistic in the forward curve than what it is right now. So we believe being patient and waiting on that products to continue to come up, while also continuing to take advantages of the cost reductions in the wells and the well productivity improvement. Those will all make a very significant difference in the returns we get on the wells when we begin to complete them. So you're correct. The plan is in the process of thinking is really, basically the same as it was in February?
Charles Meade: Right. Thank you for that clarification. Then, if I could ask about the -- you guys talked a few times in your press release about these integrated completion designs and tailoring the completion to the individual wellbore. Can you talk a bit about what that means? Whether it means varying the stage spacing along the wellbore, whether it's -- you’re choosing your different pump rates or sand loadings for one stage versus the next, and perhaps also offer an idea of how big an opportunity is this?
David Trice: Yes, Charles, this is David. On these integrated completion, it's not a whole lot of different than what we've always been. We've always really focused on the very best rock and the very best interval within the overall section. And we try to keep our lateral in that and then when it comes with completions, we integrate that in as well. And we do very; we basically design each stage for the well and for that specific portion of the lateral. So it’s really an overall process and we've seen dramatic results over the years and even over the last several quarters in the well results. We really think of the -- it’s really kind of part of the EOG culture and gives us a big competitive advantage going forward.
Operator: And next we'll go to Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas: Hello, my question has to do with Delaware Basin. You are in full development mode in the Second Bone Spring, just may be a little bit more color on the Wolfcamp. Your successful wells are they coming from the upper or middle interval; and ultimately, how many benches within the Wolfcamp could be productive in this part of Delaware Basin so in the central North?
David Trice: Yes, Irene, this is David. As far as the Wolfcamp goes, we mainly have been targeting the upper Wolfcamp. We think that there is a very large potential throughout the Wolfcamp. But our very focus has mainly been on the upper. And with regard to the Second Bone Spring Sand, we're moving towards development mode there. We obviously have a lot of work to do. We're testing a lot of targets. We're testing spacing there, and we're continuing to refine our completions but we see quite a bit upside left, really in all those plays.
Operator: And moving on we’ll go to David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David Tameron: I'll leave the acceleration question alone. I don't want to hit on that anymore. But just to clarify, you guys in the presentation you put in well cost which are running ahead of plan and then you put some target well cost, are those achievable, are those targets achievable? Is that a 2015 goal or is that a 2016 kind of outlook or how should we think about those target well cost?
Gary Thomas: This is Gary Thomas. On last February, we just mentioned that we were expecting to see our well cost down in the 10% to 20% range. And we're really pleased with the progress that we've made there and various things, but looks to me that our cost is going to be in the 20% to 20% plus. And most all these areas, we’ve got target wells, our record wells that have exceeded our targets. So yes, we're making good strides there. And we're also pleased that about half of that gain has been in vendor-cost reduction, but the other half has been in our efficiency gains. I'm really pleased with the efficiency gains, because you can see that on the number of days per well. And that’s why we had the one Exhibit comparing yes the Barnett that we had worked in for several years versus the Eagle Ford. And there is still quite a lot of room, which is the EOG myntra; pleased, not satisfied. We're going to continue to make gains there.
Operator: Moving on we’ll go to Pearce Hammond with Simmons and Company.
Pearce Hammond: Bill, service providers have highlighted refracts as a significant opportunity. Do you see such an opportunity for EOG with refracts?
Bill Thomas: Pearce, we get that question quite a bit and we've looked at it and talked about it internally and we've not tried any refracts. Our outlook on that is that it really -- technically, we believe that just drilling a new well and kind of starting fresh and making sure your lateral is in the very best target and making sure that you can redistribute the frac very evenly along the wellbore with the new well is probably the preferred way to go. We just think that the upside on the completion will be much greater than if you try to refract the well. Then the other thing, obviously that contributes to that is the well cost on the drilling side is we can see are just getting lower and lower and becoming a smaller percentage of the total well cost. So drilling a new well from the drilling side standpoint is just a pretty low-cost item today. And there is a lot more upside in just drilling the well -- redrilling the well and doing it right.
Pearce Hammond: Great. Thanks for that color. And then my follow-up is how quickly do you think the industry and this includes obviously the service companies have to lay off a lot of people. How quickly do you think the industry can respond to higher prices? Is there going to be a substantial lag to adding activity or do you think there is enough capacity out there, service capacity that it can come back and fairly rapid order?
Bill Thomas: No, it Pearce, it depends on how much longer this goes. If we were ramping up here in the next month or two, I think you can ramp up pretty rapidly. And that's why many of those operators are trying to keep as many services in place even if reduced work levels just to maintain that support that service companies. So as we've said before, yes, we’ll be able to ramp there pretty rapidly on our production with just our DUCs that we have in inventory. But then it will take possibly a little longer just from the drilling site.
Operator: And next we'll go to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: I wanted to just see if you could provide some clarity on how your decline rates are trending versus your expectations on fee front? It seems you’re naturally seeing sharper first year decline rates that complement your higher initial production rates from enhanced completion. What trends are you seeing overall versus your type curves in the Eagle Ford, Bakken, and Permian, when it comes to declines and the many efforts you’re making on longer-term decline rate mitigation in this environment?
Billy Helms: Yes, Brian, this is Billy Helms. What we're actually seeing on our new completion approach is by targeting the wells in the better pay zones and then doing a better job of placing the completions along the lateral is we're seeing actually that declines are flattening over time. So little bit less decline over time and I think that's transferring yourself all through the company level I think as the base of production gets more material and larger and relative to the new wells we're bringing on that our -- our production decline is flattening over time as well. So I think we're seeing a lot of advantages to this new completion technique that we're still yet to fully realize and will material with time.
Brian Singer: Got it. Thank you. And then shifting back to the Delaware Basin and the Wolfcamp area you highlighted the Brown Bear Wolfcamp Well. Can you put into context what a 24 hour rate of 2,165 barrels a day means relative to your 900 MBOE typical Wolfcamp EUR it seems like the oil mix there was much higher versus your typical well. And whether this is an area that you already assumed was commercial or whether it represents a step out in Lea County, just kind of want to see whether this is a normal well, an above average well or something that’s more substantive from a resource and productivity perspective?
David Trice: Yes, Brian, this is David. I would say, certainly this is a very good well and we’re not necessarily surprised by the Lea County is a good area. We’ve drilled some good Wolfcamp wells there in the past. I think as far as how it compares with the model, I think it would be fairly close to the model and we continue to see progress on these wells and I think over time we're hopeful that we'll even see better wells.
Operator: And our final question will come from Marshall Carver with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Marshall Carver: Yes, regarding the W shape patterns in the Eagle Ford are you testing that in several areas then how much of your acreage do you think might work for that. And how far are part of the wellbores in those patterns? How much tighter is it than what you were doing before?
Bill Thomas: Marshall, the W pattern we will do multiple pilots patterns on that and it really will apply to I think the bulk of our Eagle Ford acreage. And what we're doing is we’re bringing the wells in. We've been drilling wells anywhere from 3 to 500 feet apart in our typical patterns, but we're bringing those closer. And we'll be doing that at various spacing closer than 3 to 500 feet and it really will vary a bit on the spacing depending on the area. But the general concept of taking out multiple targets within the lower Eagle Ford using these advanced techniques to identify the best rock will be apical across the bulk of our acreage.
Marshall Carver: Okay, thank you. And one follow-up if I could the current 2016 strip is at $65 but you mentioned seeing more upside than downside on the strip. How would hedges potentially factor into your plans to accelerate if the strip moves up could we see a flat -- how are you thinking about that hedges and how you could be your plans for acceleration?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Marshall, we're certainly evaluating that all along and we're really again a bit more optimistic about forward curves even then it is today. But we want to put some hedges in going into next year. And we'll just be looking at that and trying to find the opportunistic entry point as we kind of go forward. So really kind of watch the fundamentals of supply and demand and really pick the point that we think is the right point to make an entry there.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I’ll turn it back to Mr. Bill Thomas for any additional or closing comments.
Bill Thomas: We’re very excited about what’s happening in EOG this year. We said at the beginning of the year that when this downturn started that we wanted to emerge in better shape than we entered it. And what you’re seeing today and what we're reporting today is exactly that happening. And in my 36 years with the company, I’ve never seen a company respond better. The company is driving down the cost and improving the productivity of the wells rapidly and whether oil prices remain where they are today or continue to improve, EOG is resetting the bar to be successful for many years to come, and we thank -- so thank you for listening today and thank you for all your support.
Operator: Thank you. And once again that will conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - Chief Financial Officer Bill Thomas - Chairman and CEO Billy Helms - Executive VP, Exploration and Production David Trice - Executive VP, Exploration and Production Gary Thomas - Chief Operating Officer Cedric Burgher - Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations Lance Terveen - Vice President, Marketing Operations
Analysts: Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Pearce Hammond - Simmons and Company Joe Allman - JP Morgan Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Please standby. Good day and welcome to the EOG Resources’ Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included guidance for the first quarter and full year 2015 in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review 2014 highlights and our 2015 capital plan, David Trice and Billy Helms will review operational results and year-end reserve replacement data. Then I’ll discuss EOG's financials, capital structure and hedge position, and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Now here is Bill Thomas.
Bill Thomas: Thank you, Tim. 2014 was another record year for EOG. Our results continue to demonstrate our return-focused capital discipline and EOG’s superior ability to apply technology to the exploration and development of [tight] plays. Here are the highlights. Number one, EOG demonstrated its capital efficiency by earnings peer leading returns. ROE for 2014 was 16% and ROCE was 14%. For the year we increased crude oil production by 31% driven by our top three oil plays, the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware Basin. NGL production increased 23% and natural gas production held flat, yielding total company production growth of 17%. We announced five new plays, four in the Rockies, DJ and Powder River Basins, and the Second Bone Spring Sand play on the Delaware basin side of the Permian. These plays add flexibility to our portfolio of options to grow production in the coming years. Also in the Delaware Basin we identified an oil window in our existing Wolfcamp acreage. Early in 2014, we increased the reserve potential in the Eagle Ford to 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent to 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent net to EOG. Between that Eagle Ford reserve increase and the new Rockies play alone, we added 1.4 billion barrels of potential reserves to our portfolio and 2300 high return net drilling locations. In recent years, we have consistently added twice as many locations as we drilled. Finally EOG remained laser focused on cost by driving down per well expenses in all of our major plays while simultaneously driving up well productivity. Before I move on to 2015 I would like to expand on that last highlight. We have demonstrated a unique ability to get the most out of tight oil plays from both a cost and well productivity standpoint. Over the last 10 years, we have developed expertise over all the disciplines required to drill in shale and other tight rocks and make that drilling highly economical. This proven ability is why we posted strong returns in 2014, and why we are so well positioned to not only weather the current low price environment, but to take advantage of it. So now let us talk about EOG’s goals for 2015. First, our overarching goal this year is to prepare for oil price recovery. It is clear that current prices are too low to meet the world’s supply needs and the market will rebalance. We would be ready to respond swiftly when oil prices improve and resume our leadership and high return oil growth. Second, we do not believe that growing oil in what could turn out to be a short cycle low price environment is the right thing to do. And let me repeat, we do not believe that growing oil in what could turn out to be a short cycle low price environment is the right thing to do. We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet at today’s scrip prices. 2015 cash flows should fund our CapEx budget of approximately $5 billion. Third, returns are what matter. Therefore we will focus capital on the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware Basin plays. At $55 oil, these premier assets deliver a direct after-tax rate of return greater than 35% without factoring in the potential for additional service cost reductions. I will now explain in further detail how we plan to prepare for the oil price recovery. First, we will reduce average rigs 50% down to 27% for 2015 and intentionally delay any of our completions, building a significant inventory of approximately 350 uncompleted wells. This allows EOG to use rigs under existing commitments and when prices improve we will be poised to ramp up completions. Oil price improvement of even a few dollars generates incremental MPV. So delaying completions and wait for improved prices as evidenced by the forward curve will add significant value. Please see Slide 8 of our investor presentation for a play specific example. Second, we remain focused on driving down finding costs and improving per well production rates. This is our best hedge against low oil prices. For example, as a result of cost and oil productivity improvements in the Eagle Ford Western acreage, we can now generate better returns with $65 oil than we did with $95 oil just two or three years ago. We illustrate this on Slide 11 of the investor presentation. Due to low oil prices we have already seen service cost reductions in many areas and see the potential for 10% to 30% vendor savings during this downturn. Additionally, every one of our plays has room to reduce cost further through ongoing efficiency gains. We believe our integrated approach to completion technology is industry leading. Quarter after quarter we make improvements to well productivity and that will continue to be a high priority this year for EOG. Third, low oil prices mean unique opportunities to add low-cost, high-quality acreage. We will continue to grow our acreage portfolio through leasehold, farm-in or tactical acquisitions. We view our strong balance sheet and excess liquidity as a strategic asset for opportunities in times like these. We are already benefiting from the oil down cycle, adding new leases at lower cost than last year and we are optimistic that additional opportunities will become available. Finally in my 36 years with the company I have seen many downturns, and each time EOG stays disciplined, performs well and emerges on the other side in better shape than we entered it. in 2015, EOG plans to build a stronger position and be ready to resume long-term, high return production growth when prices improve. I will now address the Eagle Ford. David Trice will discuss the Permian Basin and Billy Helms will provide an update on the Bakken and Rockies plays along with a review of our year-end reserves. 2014 was another remarkable year in Eagle Ford. Oil production from the play increased 45% and EOG achieved several key milestones. Number one, down spacing and improved completion techniques enabled us to increase our total potential reserve estimate in 2014 by 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent to 3.2 billion barrels equivalent net to EOG. We continue to advance our technical expertise as evidenced by ongoing improvements in productivity across the field. Slide 17 in our updated investor presentation shows an 8% increase in productivity for wells completed in 2014 versus 2013. We continue our progress with high density completions across the entire play. A high density completion is simply various techniques used to maximize the amount of rock connected to the well bore. Due to geologies those techniques will change from one county to the next and we are making progress determining how to tweak those techniques across our acreage. Number four, after five years in the Eagle Ford we are still making drilling time and cost improvements. Please see Slide 18 in the investor presentation. And number five, at the end of 2014 our acreage in the Eagle Ford was over 80% held by production. We had a number of lease retention commitments in our Western acreage that we successfully fulfilled in 2014, bringing up drilling flexibility going forward. Eagle Ford activity in 2015 will continue to be balanced between the West and East sides of the field. As I mentioned we are intentionally delaying completions while we wait for improved [oil prices]. Thus our inventory of uncompleted well is expected to increase. This strategy allows us to maximize the value of our existing contractual commitments while waiting on improved pricing before we bring on newly completed wells with high oil production rates. Delaying completions will also provide an opportunity to take advantage of lower service costs that will likely materialize in the coming months. The Eagle Ford remains EOG’s premier play. We have about 5500 net oils to drill on our acreage, and over 10 years of inventory. The Eagle Ford represents a huge call option on oil that EOG can exercise at any time to take advantage of a favorable oil price environment. We often refer to the Eagle Ford as our technology laboratory. Our understanding of this field and how to increase its recovery rate has led to improvements in plays across the entire company. The first to benefit from this technology transfer was the Bakken beginning in late 2012, and now the Permian Basin is experiencing the latest step change in our application of technology. I will now turn it over to David Trice to discuss activities in the Permian.
David Trice: Thanks, Bill. In 2015 EOG’s capital budget in the Permian will expand to take advantage of new Delaware Basin targets, advancements in well performance and cost reductions achieved in 2014. If you will recall, last year we shifted capital from the Midland Basin to the Delaware Basin, which allowed us to advance our technical understanding of the Delaware. In 2015, we will have fewer drilling commitments to hold acreage in the Midland Basin, which frees up capital and provides more flexibility.  Let us quickly review the 2014 achievements that set this play up to be major contributor to EOG’s returns and long-term growth. First we made significant advancements in our most mature oil play in the Delaware Basin, the Leonard Shale, by increasing oil productivity 17%. In 2015 we will continue to push wells closer together, developing and further testing down to 300 feet. We are encouraged with the initial results and expect to see further advancements throughout the year. Second, in our Delaware Basin Wolfcamp play we made great progress in 2014 as the play moved into development mode. We greatly increased well productivity as evidenced by the three wells we highlight in our press release. At $7 million completed well cost, the Wolfcamp play delivers very strong returns. Also in the Wolfcamp during 2014 we identified and delineated 90,000 new acres in the oil window. Third, we tested and improved the second Bone Spring Sand to be another high return oil direct in our Delaware Basin acreage. Initial results were promising, and we did extensive G&G work to delineate this play. The second Bone Spring Sand produced 70% oil in our Red Hills acreage in Mexico, and promises returns on par with our premier oil plays. We will move the second Bone Spring Sand into development mode this year and it will receive the largest relative increase in capital. In summary, the Leonard Shale is in full development mode and continues to deliver impressive results. The Delaware Basin Wolfcamp finished its first year of development drilling, the wells are outstanding and the costs are dropping and we are excited to have the second Bone Spring Sand to the drilling program and bring it forward into full development mode. We are confident that we will see the same progress in the second Bone Spring Sand that we have seen from the Leonard Shale over the last two years. While the Delaware Basin is still in the early innings of its exploration and development, the returns we are already generating from multiple targets to make it very competitive with Eagle Ford and the Bakken.  Billy Helms will now discuss the Bakken, the Rockies and year-end reserves.
Billy Helms: Thanks David. 2014 was a successful year for the Bakken program. We began down spacing, testing various spacing patterns and continued experimenting with completion techniques to improve the performance of the field.  Here are some of the highlights for 2014 activity. First we made significant advancements in improving drilling times and reducing well cost. A typical 10,000 foot lateral is now drilled in just over 10 days with a completed well cost of $9.3 million. This represents a cost reduction of 11% from 2013, and we expect more efficiency gains and service cost reductions in the current environment. Second, we now have production data from each of the various spacing patterns and began to determine the optimal development plan. We have tested wells at 1300 foot, 700 foot and 500 foot spacing patterns and have just started producing oils in the 300 foot spacing pattern. Similar to the Eagle Ford, we expect that the spacing will vary depending on the specific rock characteristics in each area of the field. One of our latest test is a 6 well pattern with wells spaced 700 feet apart in the Bakken core. The initial production rates of these wells range from 1000 barrels of oil per day to 1900 barrels of oil per day and represent a customized completion design tailored for the rock properties in this particular area of the field.  Third, we are confident that there is a significant amount of remaining potential in the Bakken, and that down spacing will be highly economic. As I mentioned earlier, evaluating the production from each spacing pattern will lead us to the appropriate spacing and the ultimate reserve potential. While the Bakken will receive less capital in 2015 it remains a core, high return asset in our drilling program. A typical 10,000 foot lateral in the Bakken core generates greater than 35% after tax rate of return with a $55 flat oil price. In addition, maintaining activity allows us to retain momentum on operational efficiencies. For example, we recently drilled an 18,600 foot well to total depth in just over seven days. We continue to believe that EOG has the premier acreage position in the play with many years of development drilling remaining and the potential for long-term production growth. In the DJ Basin EOG made significant progress in both the Codell and Niobrara. We’ve been experimenting with web or targeting inter well spacing and modifications to the completion design for both intervals. For the Codell, we’ve identified a specific statrographic interval within the pay section that when targeted rightly enhances the performances of the well. The improved completion techniques we used are even more effective when we focus o this target. Please see our press release for notable well results. Back to Codell we’ve tested several targets within the Niobrara. With this additional testing we’ve determined a correlation between the amount of lateral focused within a specific target interval and the protection performance of the well. In 2014, we made progress in several areas that contributed to reaching our well and operating cost wells in the DJ Basin. These include drilling and completion efficiencies and oil and gas gathering system and water gathering and distribution system and the infrastructure needed to obtain EOG self-source sand. Our activity in the 2015 in the DJ Basin will be limited, drilling wells needed to maintain leasehold and finishing completion operations on a few remaining wells drilled last year. The Powder River Basin is stack pay system we’ve drilled primarily in apartment and tunnel oil reservoirs similar to other areas within EOG’s portfolio. In 2014, we focused on well targeting and completion designs and inter well spacing to determine the optimal development plan. We made significant improvements in all aspects during 2014. Please see our press release for some excellent fourth quarter well results in both department and internal place. We plan to have limited activity in the Powder River Basin in 2015 while we wait for commodity prices to improve. I’ll now address reserve replacements and planning cost. Excluding revisions due to commodity price changes, we replaced 249% of our 2014 production at a low planning cost of $13.25 per Boe. Proved reserves increased 18% and more than half of our reserve growth was driven by proved. In addition net proved developed reserves increased 20%. For the 27 consecutive year, the DeGolyer and MacNaughton did an independent engineering analysis of our reserves. And their estimate was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered about 76% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying the earnings press release for the calculation of reserve replacements and finding cost. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks Billy. Let me start by addressing an unusual item affecting the fourth quarter. In early December we announced the sale of most of our producing assets in Canada, the proceeds of approximately of $400 million. As a result volumes were lower than our previous guidance for the fourth quarter by approximately 2,300 barrels of oil per day and 15 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. Also G&A for the quarter was higher due to $21.5 million of exit costs related to the sale. Now, I’d like to make a few comments about our capital spending last year and in the fourth quarter. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $14.5 million, for the fourth quarter 2014, total expirations and development expenditures were $1.8 billion excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plans and other property plant and equipment were $140 million. There were $66 million of acquisitions during the quarter. For the full year 2014, capitalized interest was $57.2 million. Total expiration and development expenditures were $7.6 billion excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plans and other property plant and equipment were $727 million. For the full year capital expenditures excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations were $8.3 billion. Total cash flow from operations was $8.6 billion exceeding total cash expenditures. In addition proceeds from asset sales were $569 million. Total acquisitions for the year were $139 million. At year-end total debt outstanding was $5.9 million for debt to total capitalization ratio of 25%. Taking into $2.1 billion of cash on hand at year-end, net debt to total cap was 18%, down from 23% at year end 2013. In the fourth quarter of 2014, total impairments were $536 million, $445 million of these impairments were the result of significant declines in commodity prices during the fourth quarter. For the full year 2014, total impairments were $744 million, $501 million of these impairments result the declines in commodity prices and negotiated sales prices of property sales. The remaining impairments for both the fourth quarter and full year 2014 were ongoing lease and producing property impairments. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 61% and the deferred tax ratio was 104%. Yesterday we included a guidance table with our earnings press release for the first quarter and full year 2015. Our 2015 CapEx estimate is $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion excluding acquisitions. The expiration and development portion excluding facilities will account for approximately 80% of the total CapEx budget. 2015 CapEx represents a 40% decrease from 2014. As Bill mentioned earlier, we’re not interested in growing oil production in a low price environment. The budget for expiration and development facilities accounts for approximately 12% of the total CapEx budget for 2015 and midstream accounts for 8%, we plan to concentrate our spending on infrastructure in the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin to support our drilling programs in those areas and enhance operating efficiencies. In terms of hedges, for February 1 thru June 30, 2015 we’ve 47,000 barrels of oil per day hedged at $91.22 per barrel. For the second half of 2015, we’ve 10,000 barrels of oil per day hedged at $89.98 per barrel. This represents a small portion of our estimated oil production in 2015 and we’ll look to hedge further volumes opportunistically throughout the year. We’ve contracts outstanding for 37,000 barrels of oil per day that could be put to us at various terms. Please see the press release for further details. For natural gas, we’ve 182,000 MMBtu per day hedged at $4.51 per MMBtu for March 1 thru December 31, 2015. We also have a number of contracts on natural gas that could be put to us at various terms. The counter parties exercised also its options, the notion of volume of EOG’s existing natural gas derivative contracts were increased by 175,000 MMBtu per day at an average price of $4.51 per MMBtu for each month during the period March 1 thru December 31, 2015. Now, I’ll turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim. Now, I’ll talk about the macro view. We’re encouraged that Congress is taking a look at lifting a ban on crude oil exports. Doing so will bring a lot of range of economic geopolitical benefits including strengthening the U.S. energy sector, growing the U.S. economy, creating jobs, dramatically improving the U.S. trade deficit, providing our European allies with more secure supplies and lowering gasoline process to U.S. consumers. As I mentioned earlier EOG will be very focused this year on preparing for the recovery in oil process. The current supply demand imbalance is not very large and current process are far short of what is necessary to sustain the supply need to meet world demand growth. When process recover, EOG will be prepared to resume strong double-digit oil growth. For now, EOG is intentionally choosing returns over growth. In fact that's the way it’s always been here at EOG. In summary, I want to leave you with some important summary points. Year in, year out, EOG consistently approaches capital planning by focusing on returns. 2015 is no different. Second, we’ve halted production growth deliberately while EOG is one of the few companies that can earn a healthy return at today's oil prices we are not interested in growing oil into our low price environment. As we compare today’s oil prices to our expectations for a more balanced market, it makes economic sense to slow production until an industry wide supply response is realized and prices respond accordingly. This strategy maximizes the value of our assets and it’s the right strategy to create long term shareholder value. Third, our balance sheet places EOG in a strong position. We intend to use our financial flexibility to take advantage of opportunities to grow our inventory by acquiring low cost, high quality acreage. And fourth, with the substantial inventory up high volume levels to complete, we will be ready to return to double-digit oil growth as oil prices improve. And finally, we fully expect to merge the commodity price down cycle and the stronger position that we entered in. In 2015, we have more opportunity than ever to lower finding costs and development costs and improve returns in 2016 and beyond. Thanks for listening and now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Sir, your line is open please check your mute function. And we will take our next question from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning everybody. Can you hear me okay?
Bill Thomas: Yes Paul go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Good morning. You have clearly stated guys that you are now targeting flat year-over-year crude production in 2015 and that you also stated clearly that you’re not interested in growing oil production in a low oil price environment. I wanted to confirm that the overarching decision that you have made here is to get CapEx in line with expected cash flows and secondly by increasing efficiency allowing for lowest service cost that even if oil prices remain low for another year you would be able to deliver growth in 2016 while keeping CapEx within cash flows or if oil prices remain low which you reduce the CapEx and leave volumes flat again next year? Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Yes Paul that – the first statement is generally correct. Number one, we do not think it’s wise or prudent to accelerate oil when oil prices are low especially if the rebound and price could come certainly in the next – this year, the end of this year or maybe even next year. So, there is no use in trying to accelerate. It makes much more prudent business decision to wait and that will give us a much more capital returns if we do that and we are very committed to maintain the very strong balance sheet, so we don't want to out-spend trying to grow oil in a low price environment. And we want to keep our balance sheet clean and low and we want to keep our patter drop so that we will be able to take some advantage of what could be some unique opportunities in this downturn. 2016, yes if we – if things go as we think they might could and we would have say a $65 oil environment in 2016 and we believe that we could return to our very strong double-digit oil growth that we have been marching towards a last few years and that we will be able to generate very high rates of return on our capital and we would be able to stay free cash flow neutral.
Paul Sankey: And I guess, the specific part of that was that if you – another year $5 billion CapEx next year you would be able to re-accelerate growth because of the increased efficiencies and lower service cost that you will be seeing throughout this year?
Bill Thomas: Certainly, we do think costs will come down this year due to services and again efficiency gains, we’re making really good progress in that and as we look forward to 2016 we haven't set a capital goal on that yet and we will look at that when we get there.
Paul Sankey: Okay. That's great. Thanks and then can I just confirm you are building effectively an inventory of stuff that you can do if you want to, would that mean you are less likely to add into M&A or would you not follow that statement through?
Bill Thomas: Well, the kind of opportunities that we are looking for is take advantage of is number one, this low cost environment. It helps us to pick up acreage that we are working on in our certainly our core areas. We are able to pickup 11,000 acres last year in the Eagle Ford and we are targeting to pick up more there just on leasehold so that goes more easily this year. The second is we have historically and we do think that we will have opportunities to earn acreage through farmings or drill to earn top things commitments and we will look for partners that we can join in with that will be a win-win situation and earn acreage in our core areas and maybe some emerging areas. And then, we look for topical acquisitions that won’t be the large, large acquisitions that they will be certainly bolt on acreage and they will be opportunities that we see primarily in our top tier place.
Paul Sankey: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Phillip Jungwirth with BMO.
Phillip Jungwirth: Yes, good morning. EOG has been the cutting edge of completion technology and proven to be a premiere operator, but is there any way to quantify the operational synergy you think can be achieved during acquisition strategy in terms of MPB or how big you think it’s best to think about it and can this technology advantage be maintained in a way that's accretive through acquisitions?
Bill Thomas: Yes Phillip, thank you for the question. I think certainly when we look at potential acquisitions, the thing we let help guide that is our expiration expertise and our understanding of the locks and so we really are only focused on that kind of opportunities where we see very sweet spot top acreage and use existing core areas or in emerging place. And then, we certainly have a lot of expertise and we’ve been in the shale business I think longer than most people and we developed a very strong efficiencies and technology improvements and we think that we would certainly bring that to bear. And we apply that and the upside that we see on that that we could bring the table on any kind of acquisition that we might pursue. Also we’ve certainly our built-in cost of reductions, mechanisms like our self-sourced sand and other materials that we use in our fracs, so that gives an advantage from an economic standpoint to be competitive on acquisitions.
Phillip Jungwirth: Thank you. And how much of the 2015 capital being spent isn’t additive to production this year just solely due to the decision to defer completion during the year just so we can get a sense of what a clean number on a capital efficiency basis would be?
Tim Driggers: Okay. As for as the number of wells that we’re deferring really the number is we had 200 wells at the start of 2015 and we’re going to end the year with about 285 wells waiting on completion. So they have additional 85 wells and were we complete that that cost would be somewhere $250 million to $500 million. But, as far as the wells that we’re drilling and not to be completed that’s a couple of 100 million additional costs that we’re spending this year, 2015.
Phillip Jungwirth: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Yes, good morning to everyone there. Bill, if I can get you to go back to some of the macro comments that you closed at your prepared comments with. My recollection is that some of your comments back in December, some of your public comments, you had the opinion that we were looking at a more of a V shaped recovery in oil prices and maybe activities well, but I wanted to, can you talk about how your view of the macro landscape has changed over the last couple of months and what you think, I know you just referenced $65 oil in a year, is that a reasonable point to anchor on as far as your expectations for ’16?
Bill Thomas: Charles, I don’t think that I’ve talked about our shape of the recovery. But, our view now is that we really believe with the consensus opinion that as we go forward due to the response of the industry that we could have flat to maybe even negative U.S. production growth on a month-over-month basis by the end of this year, and that certainly going to slowdown U.S. production growth this year. So, as that slows down there should be a price response and I’m not going to predict whether it’s going to be V or U or W o really what the price is, certainly the forward curve is very indicative that prices will increase in the future and we’re just going to wait and see how that goes and we’ll respond accordingly.
Charles Meade: Got it. And that’s actually good segway to the next question I would like to ask, it really gets to this inventory and what are the set of, what set of conditions would lead you to start really wanting to work that down, I mean, current forward curve as I said I think January crude read around $60 bucks, January ’16 crude would that be, would $60 crude would be sufficient for you to start, want you to work that down or perhaps that in combination with some other factors on completion costs or sort that of thing. Can you just elaborate a bit on how you’re thinking about it?
Bill Thomas: Yes certainly, we’re deferring these completions because we do believe that prices will be better in the future and even at $10 increase in oil price gives us a significant additional return on our investment and NPV upside. So, really our rate of return focus and our capital return focus is really what’s driving the deferral. And let me kind of walk you through, there is two parts of this deferral, one is as Gary said we’re starting out 2015 with about 200 uncompleted wells in our inventory and that uncompleted well inventory will grow throughout 2015. And if oil prices improve and they look something like the forward curve in the $60 range then we would begin completing many of those wells starting in the third quarter of 2015 and that would reflect additional growth in the fourth quarter heading into 2016. So, we want to head in the 2016 on an uptick in production growth. So our curve in 2015 would be U-shaped. It will be the lowest production, will be in the second quarter and then in the third quarter and then production will begin to increase in the fourth quarter as we head into 2016. Then at the end of the year, we will have about 285 wells and inventory to start to 2016 process and that will give us a bit of an advantage as we go into 2016 and we will be able to grow oil at very strong double-digit rates and be able to stay free cash flow neutral in our $65 oil price environment. So hopefully that gives you a bit of more understanding of what we are thinking.
Charles Meade: Bill that's great insight into your thinking, exactly what I was looking for, thank you.
Operator: And we will go now to Leo Mariani with RBC Capital Markets.
Leo Mariani: Yes guys. I was just hoping you can speak a bit into sort of how quickly once the price response is in place where you can start working down the backlog of completions, is that just the matter of a month or two and then additionally just following up on what you have just mentioned there in terms of if we have got to $60 oil say by midsummer where you might start completing more wells in 3Q is that contemplated in the production guidance in 2015 for EOG?
Tim Driggers: What we have contemplated is just as Bill was saying is we will ramp-up in the fourth quarter and you are right, it would take us about one month since we have wells drilled wait down completion to go ahead and see the impact of that production. So yes, we would start somewhere like September and start the ramp-up if we have been encouraged with oil prices improvement.
Bill Thomas: And yes that is included in our guidance. Production guidance for 2015.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess I notice that you guys did have a relatively healthy increase here in the dividend this quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how you balance kind of returning cash to shareholders through the dividend with drilling wells obviously the returns on the wells are still quite strong here at $55 oil so how do you think about the increase in dividend just given where oil is right now?
Bill Thomas: Yes, now we didn't increase the rate of dividend in this quarter. So, we did increase it twice last year, but too healthy now, so that's just the give back to the shareholders share within the success of the company as we end this lower price environment, the opportunity to further increase the rate is a bit more limited. And so, we will really just have to see how oil prices respond in the future and to consider additional increases in the dividend. The company is very committed to that part of the business and to the shareholders in that way. So it’s a very top priority for us, but we need a bit better business environment to work on that.
Leo Mariani: Alright, thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Pearce Hammond from Simmons & Company. 
Pearce Hammond: Thank you for taking my questions. My first question is what percent of total well cost is completion and where do you expect that to go with service cost decreases?
Bill Thomas: Well our drilling cost is roughly 25% to 30% of the cost of the well. So that gives you the completion, of course, I guess we could put facilities in there so the facilities would be somewhere around 10%. So, the balance being completion and the other part of the question is what Pearce?
Pearce Hammond: How you see those service costs decreasing, those completion costs decreasing over the course of this year?
Billy Helms: Yes. When we put our budget together we were seeing 5% to 10% cost reduction. Now, we are seeing 10% to 30% cost reduction that of course depends on the sector. But just to kind of illustrate that not just mentioned in the Eagle Ford you noticed in our exhibit 18, we are showing our well cost to 6.1%, we are expecting, we are setting our target, we hope to see somewhere around 5.5% or about a 10% reduction. In the Bakken we have got 9.3%, our target would be to further lower that growth of 9.3% in ’14 we have got 8.2% is our planned number, but we have got a target that’s slightly less than that maybe 19%. So overall, we are expecting our cost to come down somewhere around to 10% to 20% from 2014.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you Billy and then what is the base decline for the company?
Billy Helms: Yes Pearce, we haven't given that number out. The decline rate in the region we have decline rate is slowing overtime. So there is three reasons for that. One is every year that goes by, our well by its gets more matured then we have got older wells bigger percentage of older wells all the time. So that's slowing the process. Number two, our completion technology is really beginning to starting to flatten out our decline rates on a per well basis specifically the high density fracs that we talked about in the last quarter that we are applying the Eagle Ford are not only increasing the initial rates, but they are also decreasing the decline rates so we are very encouraged about that. And then number three, as we go forward, we are targeting place that have better rocks with better probability and better ability to flow oil and those rocks such as the Sandstone place in the Delaware Basin and in Wyoming have lower decline rates also. So the mix of our decline rate in the company is slowing overtime due to a number of different reasons.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will now go to Joe Allman from J.P. Morgan.
Joe Allman: Thank you operator. Hi everybody.
Bill Thomas: Good morning Joe.
Joe Allman: Just first question is on production. So, I heard what you said about the U-shape production for 2015, I just want to get a better understanding so the first part of the question is why is the first quarter 2015 production below fourth quarter especially in the oil side, I know you sold Canada and some factor in that end and could you just give us a better understanding of the trajectory so it sounds that you are going to be down in the first quarter, down in second,, down in third and then up in fourth and like will the fourth quarter oil be flat with fourth quarter 2014 oil especially in the U.S. and I understand what’s going on in the East – on that field in the third quarter?
Bill Thomas: Yes Joe, the reason the first quarter volumes are down is because we began ramping down our completion spread really quickly in the year. So we wanted to and so oil continued to drop, we wanted to drop CapEx quickly and not focus on growing oil when we have the lowest prices in the first part of the year and then again as I described, the second and third quarters should be the lowest production and then the fourth quarter we will ramp back up. We don't have a number to give you on guidance on that number, but it will ramp back up significantly heading into 2016.
Joe Allman: Okay. That's helpful Bill. And then, on the cash from operations, so to get the cash from operations to cover the CapEx what benchmark prices do you assume and in that are you assuming the midpoint of your production guidance?
Bill Thomas: Yes, we go CapEx to discretionary cash flow should be balanced at about $58 average price this year and the second part of your question was?
Joe Allman: Just are you assuming, to generate the cash flow, first I would love to get WTI assumption, brand assumption and then natural gas assumption too and then are you assuming the midpoint of your guidance when you say you are going to cover the CapEx of cash from operation so for example, if you hit the low end of your guidance you maybe sort of you would be spending somewhat?
Bill Thomas: It's an average midpoint of our production for 2015, yes Joe.
Joe Allman: And how about natural gas assumptions and brand oil if you get there?
Bill Thomas: Yes, on the gas we issue a five year strip, and yes we issue the five year strip on that and then on the NGL, the NGL is basically a percent of oil price in our assumptions and then gas again it’s a five year strip.
Joe Allman: Okay. Very good, thank you.
Operator: And we will go now to Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Some clarifications on some of the other questions. One, I am trying to do the math on you start the year with 200 uncompleted, you drill about 465 wells and then you end the year with 285 or 350 uncompleted?
Bill Thomas: Yes Bob, that's a good question. That 350 was an incorrect number, so correct that back to 285, we end the year with 285. So here is the number just to be completely clear, we start with 200, we drill 550 and we complete 465 during the year and we exit the year at about 285 wells uncompleted.
Bob Brackett: Great. That's helpful. Quick follow-up on acquisitions you – two definitional terms, you contrasted bolt on versus large, large acquisitions is there a monetary value associated with those two numbers or those two additives?
Bill Thomas: No that is not a monetary number, we just want to distinguish that we are open certainly to any kind of acquisitions that would be very highly beneficial to the company. But most likely the type of acquisitions we do are not in the very large I’m talking multi-billion dollar kind of acquisition. They are really more directed towards the tactical acquisitions and they are really at very specific acreage pieces that we think are very highly productive according to our geology.
Bob Brackett: And you said core areas, so that's Bakken, Eagle Ford and Permian?
Bill Thomas: Well certainly, those would be the first choices but obviously those are the most competitive, but we do from time to time consider those type of things and so many emerging place. But again, we are very discriminatory there and that we are only looking for acreage that will be additive to our inventory and that means it has to be equal to or better than Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian place.
Bob Brackett: Great, thank you.
Bill Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go now to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Bill Thomas: Good morning Brian.
Brian Singer: You talked the potential for 10% to 30% vendor cost savings and I wondered as a company more vertically integrated than others can you talk more specifically where you see this potential beyond the more normal course efficiency gains you highlighted in your presentation and your comments and whether do you think the 10% to 30% is merely cyclical or secular?
Bill Thomas: Let me let, Brian, let me let Gary Thomas answer this question.
Gary Thomas: The good thing is as the vendors are working so well with the EOG and we are seeing that 10% to 30% across drilling, completion, production all areas. And I guess the thing that be a little unique for EOG is we believe that we are going to be seeing maybe in the 10% to 15% reduction in some of our self-sourced areas because that EOG has 3 sand plants. We also have at least a half of dozen other vendors. So there is combination of cost of sand and distance from oil site. So, we will be able to use some of the lower cost sand with us having half the number of frac fleets running in 2015. So that will be in the fit as well. As far as more granular yes, in the tubing and casing area it may be lower in 5% to 7% range. But, we are seeing stock tanks those discounts coming down as much as 25%.
Brian Singer: And to follow-up, do you think that's cyclical or secular, it sounds like from your comment on just the cost of split the distance that's more high grading, but is there a secular element you see as well?
Gary Thomas: No. not appreciably. I think the secular part Brian would be in the efficiency gain particularly in the technology side of it those will stay with us for years and they keep improving. The service cost comes and goes obviously with activity and so we will be a bit more short term. But, we build in long term I think cost savings in the company that will continue to stay with us. As an example, we gave this earlier we now see better returns in our Eagle Ford with $65 oil than we had with $95 oil two or three years ago. And that is mainly due to the efficiency gains we have been able to accomplish with our completion technology and the efficiency and the cost reduction on the wells.
Brian Singer: That's helpful. Along those lines you talked about the acquisition strategy, but let’s say oil prices do quickly recover, the acquisition opportunities are not accretive as you are hoping for. What potential do you see from your higher rate of return legacy areas to further extend your inventory beyond the 15 plus years you are at now, where are we in that ball parking?
Bill Thomas: Brian, we see upside in really all of them just to start with the Eagle Ford again we still believe we are in the sixth inning there in the Eagle Ford. So, we are still testing new zones like the upper Eagle Ford and we working on down spacing and again we have added acreage there in the last year about 11,000 acres that is very high quality acreage. So, we think there is additional room there, in the Bakken we have not upgraded our Bakken well count our reserve potential after we have started this down spacing process. So, we see upside there and then in the Permian, we are diligently working on spacing and targeting and specifically in the second bond spring sand we are working on bringing the spacing patterns closer together and identifying maybe even two targets in that particular zone in the [indiscernible] we working on spacing there and we haven't upgraded that well count in the long time and then in the Wolf Camp we have multiple play zone spacing that we are working on there. We haven't upgraded that in a while. So really each one of our core areas, we believe we will continue to provide additional high quality inventory as we go forward.
Brian Singer: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Bill Thomas at this time I would like to turn the conference back over to you for additional or closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thank you. I would just like to leave you with this last one thought, EOG is very long term focused. We could have taken a short term approach this year and just picked up the very best wells in the company to drill and focus on those and cut our capital back to really own a short term focus. But, we do not believe that's the right way to grow the company and to manage the company. We are focused on long term shareholder value and that's our focus. So, as we said, we are going to not grow oil while oil prices are low, we are going to wait for the recovery and that will be able to give us much higher returns and it’s the right business decision as we go forward. So we appreciate everybody. Great questions and thank everybody for their support.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's conference and we do thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - Chief Financial Officer Bill Thomas - Chairman and CEO Billy Helms - Executive VP, Exploration and Production David Trice - Executive VP, Exploration and Production Mario Baldwin - Vice President, IR Lance Terveen - Vice President, Marketing Operations
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Matt Portillo - TPH
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day, everyone. And welcome to the EOG Resources’ Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2014 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Executive VP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, Executive VP, Exploration and Production; and Mario Baldwin, Vice President, IR; and Lance Terveen, Vice President, Marketing Operations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included fourth quarter and full year guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. I will first review our 2014 third quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, and then Bill Thomas, David Trice and Billy Helms will provide operational results, I’ll then address EOG's financials, capital structure and hedge position. Finally, Bill Thomas will provide concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the third quarter 2014, EOG reported net income of $1,103.6 million or $2.01 per share. EOG's third quarter 2014 adjusted non-GAAP net income, which eliminates the mark-to-market impacts and certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release was $720.6 million or $1.31 per share. Non-GAAP discretionary cash flow for the third quarter was $2.2 billion. At September 30, 2014, the debt-to-total cap ratio was 25%. Adjusting for cash the net debt-to-total cap ratio was 20%, down from 23% at December 31. I’ll now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss operational results and key plays.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. EOG continues to deliver outstanding production growth and financial metrics by consistently executing on our strategy of investing in high return organic crude oil growth. For the third quarter, all three of our productions components exceeded our expectations and are unit costs were below our forecast. Total company crude oil and condensate production was up 27% for the third quarter and 33% compared to the first nine months of 2013. Total liquids production, including NGLs increased 27% for the third quarter and 31% for the first nine months. Based on these results, we are raising our full year crude oil growth target for the second time this year to 31% from 29%. We are increasing our total company production growth target of 16.5% from 14% based on outperformance from our Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin assets. I will now address the Eagle Ford, then David Trice will provide an operational update on the Permian, and Billy Helms will discuss the Bakken and Rockies plays. In the Eagle Ford, I can characterize our current activity in three points. One, the Eagle Ford is on track for multiyear growth; two, we continue to make enhancements in completion; and three, the Eagle Ford is the industry's best crude oil asset and we’ve captured the sweet spot. I’ll now address each point in more detail. First one, the Eagle Ford is on a growth trend for the next 10 years. On the May earnings call, we indicated our model was based on making a modest increase to 520 net wells we had initially planned this year and holding net well count flat through 2004. In this scenario, the oil production rose for 10 years, based on our production this year, we are set up to achieve this upward growth curve. Second point, our well quality continues to improve with completion enhancements, even after five years, we are still experimenting with completion designs and we continue to see improved well productivity and higher overall MPB. Our completions are customized for specific rock properties not only in each well, but in each and every stage within the well. We've been testing what we call high-density frac. In one area, we saw a 39% improvement in well productivity from this new frac design, relative to adjacent wells. Year-to-date, we have seen a 10% average improvement in well performance from our Western Eagle Ford acreage drilling activity. We have included illustrations in our accompanying IR slides for reference. Third point, the Eagle Ford continues to be the industries and EOG’s premiere crude play in North America for both production growth and financial returns. Our drilling program will remain very profitable, despite fluctuations in oil process. At $80 oil, the eagle ford will still generate direct after-tax rates of return in excess of 100%. At less than $40 oil, we would still achieve a minimum 10% direct a-tax rate of return. The Eagle Ford remains EOG’s highest rate of return asset. While we still see some cost pressure and completion services, we are able to control costs increases largely with our self-source sand and other completion materials. We also continue to make progress reducing drilling days during the second and third quarter. Year-to-date, we’ve decreased our average drilling days by 12% in the Eagle Ford. One final point, we would caution those who used monthly Texas Railroad Commission's state data as a measure of company current production and a forecasting tool for future production. Remember, the State Data tends to lag and it’s potentially incomplete on a month-to-month basis for a variety of reasons. To wrap up the Eagle Ford, EOG’s long-term oil growth will be anchored by this world class asset, where we are still improving well productivity through new completion designs and by lowering well costs. I will now turn it over to David Trice to discuss EOG’s activity in the Permian.
David Trice: Thanks, Bill. In the Delaware Basin, we continue to test and drill step out wells to confirm the viability of each of our three plays across our acreage. In the Wolfcamp, we had exciting news in the third quarter. After testing some of our Northern Delaware Basin acreage, we confirm that a majority of it is in the highly over-pressured crude oil window where we expect the wells to be 50% crude oil. We completed two upper Wolfcamp horizontal wells, which flow 46 degree API gravity crude oil. The Voyager 15 number 3H was completed at a maximum oil rate of 1,890 barrels of oil per day, with 385 barrels per day of NGLs and 2.5 million cubic feet a day of natural gas from a 4,400 foot-treated lateral. The well had a 30-day average rate of 1,500 barrels of oil per day with 365 barrel per day of NGLs and 2.3 million cubic feet of gas per day. The Voyager is located along the Texas, New Mexico Stateline in Loving County, Texas. EOG has a 48% working interest in this well. The Diamond SM 36 State number 1H flowed at a maximum rate of 1,340 barrels of oil per day, 195 barrels per day of NGLs and 1.3 million cubic feet of gas from a 2,200 foot-treated lateral. This well is north of the Voyager in Lee County, New Mexico in the heart of our Red Hills acreage and EOG has 100% working interest in this well. We’ve done some preliminary G&G work and have confirm that 90,000 net acres of our hydrated 140,000 net acres in the Delaware Wolfcamp are in a highly over-pressured crude oil window. We plan to increase our Wolfcamp drilling activity in this crude oil window, where we expect to achieve reinvestment returns much higher than the combo window and competitive with our second Bone Spring Sand and Leonard plays. In the second Bone Springs Sand, we drilled our third well in the Red Hills area during the third quarter. It was a 20-mile step out from our first two wells to further confirm the viability of our acreage. The State Magellan number 2H near the Stateline in Loving County, Texas was completed with a 4,900 foot-treated lateral and flowed at a maximum rate of 1,825 barrels oil per day of 44 degree API gravity oil with associated production of 295 barrels of NGLs per day and 2.2 million cubic feet of gas per day. These wells are 70% crude oil. The State Magellan well gives us additional confidence in the plays they will extend and following additional geological work on our existing acreage, we’ve increased the prospectivity of the second Bone Spring Sand to at least 90,000 net acres. The Leonard Shale also continues to deliver solid well results. In the third quarter, we turned the State Pathfinder 1H to sales with the maximum rate of 1,370 barrels of oil per day, 245 barrels per day of NGLs and 1.3 million cubic feet of gas per day. The well was part of the 450 foot spacing test and has a 4800 foot-treated lateral. Going forward, we plan to develop the Leonard 300 to 450 foot spacing. We've also modestly increased our holdings to 80,000 net acres in this play. We plan to increase our activity in the Delaware Basin from four rigs at the end of the third quarter to eight rigs by year end. We plan to drill additional wells in the Wolfcamp second Bone Spring Sand and Leonard then anticipate in our original plan. To summarize our activity in the Delaware, we had a very promising result after drilling our first two oil wells in the crude oil window in the Wolfcamp where we have 90,000 net acres. With an additional data point, we are getting further confidence in the second Bone Springs Sand and we continue to deliver excellent wells result from the Leonard, even as we further downspace the wells. With these three outstanding plays, EOG is well-positioned for higher rate return crude oil growth in the Permian for many years. I will now turn it over to Billy Helms to discuss the Bakken and the Rockies.
Billy Helms: Thanks, David. We began our downspacing campaign in the Bakken Core at the beginning of the year by systematically testing spacing patterns, starting at 1,300 feet between wells. With confidence from the production profiles of the 1,300 foot spaced wells, we begin testing 700 foot spacing earlier this year and now have data from the wells that have been producing for four to seven months. Simultaneous with downspacing, we have seen improvements in well productivity after introducing new completion technology to the field. We are encouraged by early indications from the 700 foot spaced wells, but we need additional time to assess the impact on long-term production, reserves and ultimately the net present value. We also have product spacing test with 500 foot and 300 foot patterns to determine the optimal spacing to maximize the net present value of the field. We noted a number of new core wells in our press release, the Parshall 44-1004H came on line at 2,710 barrels of oil per day, with 875 Mcf per day of rich natural gas and the Parshall 46-1004H came on line at 2,105 barrels of oil per day with 860 Mcf per day of rich natural gas. We have 69% working interest in both of these wells. As we noted in our press release, in the Antelope Extension area, we had success from the Three Forks -- first, second and third benches. We completed our first well in the third bench of the Three Forks, the Mandaree 134-05H, which came on line at 1,410 barrels of oil per day with 2.2 million cubic feet of natural gas. We have 70% working interest in this well. We will continue testing the potential of the Three Forks across our Antelope acreage and we will expand our Three Forks testing in the core in 2015. In the DJ Basin, we completed our first seven-well development pattern on a multi-well pad, consisting of four Niobrara and three Codell wells. The wells were drilled with long laterals spaced at approximately 700 feet between wells in the same zone. The seven wells came on line at a combined rate in excess of 7,800 barrels of oil per day with 5.4 million cubic feet per day of rich natural gas. We have 75% working interest in these wells. We plan to test spacing patterns in various completion tasks for the balance of the year. Early production results verify initial type curves and provide confirmation of our EUR estimates. This program is delivering consistent initial production rates of 1,000 barrels of oil per day per well. We are rapidly climbing the operational learning curve in this play and expect to achieve our well cost targets in the near-term. In the Powder River Basin, we have maintained our one rig program and are on track to drill 34 net wells this year, targeting the Parkman and Turner reservoirs. In the Turner Sand, we completed two wells, the Mary's Draw 24-13H and 25-13H, for a combined rate of 1,880 barrels of oil per day, with 3.1 million cubic feet per day of rich natural gas. We have one new well from the Parkman. The Mary's Draw 412-1527H came on line at 1,190 barrels of oil per day, with 270 Mcf per day of rich gas. In Trinidad, we are actively drilling out three net well development program which will allow us to maintain flat natural gas production in coming years. I will now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Billy. For the third quarter, capitalized interest was $14.5 million. Total cash exploration and development expenditures were $2.0 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $184 million. Year-to-date total exploration and development expenditures were $5.8 million, excluding asset retirement obligations. Expenditures for gathering, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $587 million. We had $17 million of proceeds from asset sales during the quarter and there were no acquisitions. At the end of September, total debt outstanding was $5.9 billion. At September 30, we had $1.5 billion of cash on hand. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 36% and the deferred tax ratio was 81%. Yesterday we included a guidance table with earnings press release for the fourth quarter and full year 2014. For the fourth quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 32% to 37% and 34% to 37% respectively. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount at current taxes that we expect to report during the fourth quarter and for the full year. In terms of our hedge positions, for the period November 1 through December 31, 2014 EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 192,000 barrels of oil per day at weighted average price of $96.15 per barrel. For the first half of 2015, we have 47,000 barrels per day of crude oil hedge at an average price of $91.22 per barrel. For the second half of 2015, EOG has 10,000 barrels per day of crude oil hedge at an average price of $89.98 per barrel. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. For the month of December 2014, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 330,000 MMBtu per day at weighted average price of $4.55 per MMBtu. For the period January 1 through December 31, 2015 EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 175,000 MMBtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.51 per MMBtu. For the same period, we have a 175,000 MMBtu per day of options that could be exercised by our counterparties at an average price of $4.51 per MMBtu for each month. Now I will turn it back to Bill to discuss EOG’s overview for 2015 and provide the summary.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Now for our 2015 overview. Although our planning process won't be complete until the beginning of the year, I want to provide some color regarding our 2015 capital allocation. EOG has key positions in the top domestic crude oil plays. We have tremendous reinvestment opportunities in the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware Basin that will generate after-tax rates of return of 100% or greater at $80 WTI. We’ve added a new chart to our presentation showing the minimum oil price that would be required to generate a 10% direct after-tax rate of return. At $40 oil, we would still achieve a 10% direct after-tax rate of return in the Eagle Ford, the Bakken/Three Forks and the Delaware plays. Our 2015 plan is to manage a balanced CapEx cash flow program, with CapEx plus dividends in line with cash flow. Our strategy will remain the same. EOG will be fiscally prudent with low net debt and a very strong balance sheet. At $80 oil, w should have sufficient cash flow to fully fund our Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware Basin plays and sustain double-digit oil growth through 2017 and beyond. We plan to invest in our highest return crude oil plays and reduce our activity in our combo plays. We still expect to be a leader in organic growth -- crude oil growth next year. The dividend continues to be a high priority. Our Board remains committed to increasing shareholder return through both high return production growth and dividend growth. Now let me conclude there are four important takeaways from this call. First, we talked about our key plays for a couple years, the Eagle Ford, Bakken, and Delaware Basin Leonard. Today’s call has highlighted these three plays and our ability to improve our results with leading-edge completion technology. We continue to make better wells by lowering costs with self-sourced sand and drilling efficiencies. Our excellent base of key plays keeps getting better. Second, as a result of continuous productivity improvement in the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin, we have increased our oil growth target for the second time this year. Third, we continue to organically add new high return plays to our drilling portfolio as well as high grading existing plays through improved completions, enhanced targeting and the identification of sweet spots on our acreage. The second Bone Spring Sand and Delaware Wolfcamp oil plays are good examples of this strategy. Although we are expanding our portfolio, the Eagle Ford will remain our foundation, a high return production growth driver for many years. And finally, EOG is focused on returns and our large high-quality drilling portfolio still generates exceptional returns with $80 oil. With best-in-class horizontal crude oil assets and a strong balance sheet, EOG will continue to be a leader in absolute organic U.S. crude oil production growth in 2015 and beyond. Thanks for listening. And now, we will go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for all the additional color on the presentation this morning. Bill, I have got one question on CapEx and maybe one for Billy on Permian. On CapEx you guys have become very well-known as living within cash flow. Obviously with the oil price down and given some fairy consistent production guidance for next year, how should we think about your spending relative to cash flow given your strong balance sheet? Do you intend to still live within cash flow or would you allow the spending to go up a little bit given the strength of your balance sheet?
Bill Thomas: Yes, good morning, Doug. And thanks for the question. Next year we need to be thinking about continuing to have a very strong balance sheet. And as we talked about in opening remarks, our capital spending plus the dividend will be balanced our cash flow. So the discipline spending fundamentals of the company are not going to change, as we go forward. And we’re only focused in reinvesting in highest return plays. And we are not really interested in exceeding cash flow by trying to accelerate production in the combo plays or certainly not the gas plays.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America: So I guess just to be clear, I mean, I guess the overall level of activity though and the overall price environment, is it fair to assume that the overall drilling activity would have to slow? So I’m guessing bigger wells but fewer wells if you see what I mean?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. As we look just -- let's just assume, Doug, if we have an $80 oil environment next year we’re going to be have enough cash flow to fully fund our Eagle Ford, Bakken and our Delaware program. So all of those programs generate in excess of 100% rate of return at $80 oil. What we would cut back on is the combo plays certainly the Barnett Combo, some of our drilling in South Texas, in the Mid-Continent, in East Texas and even in the Permian where we have the Wolfcamp Combo. We would not spend as much money in those. But we need to be thinking that we would fully fund the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Delaware Basin plays and that we would have very strong double-digit production growth next year, oil growth and we would continue to be a leader in organic oil growth in the U.S.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America: Thanks for that. My follow-up hopefully, quickly is on Permian. I guess, first of all congratulations on your very strong results there. It’s been underlying by the step-up in the rig count. But I think historically, you’ve raised some question about infrastructure constraints. So I’m just wondering with your move to four to eight rigs, do you not believe this result any restrictions on EOG or is that still an issue for the basin as a whole, now even there? Thank you.
David Trice:  Doug, this is David. On the Permian, the great thing is we've got three plays there, they’re all really high rate of return. And they’re each slightly different. And so we've got a lot of options there as far as play selection. For instance, the Second Bone Spring Sand tends to be a lower QR play and so that gives us a lot of options, if there is any type of gas takeaway restrictions or anything. So we’ve got a lot of options -- we’ve got a lot of options on the marketing side. I’ll let Lance follow up with the marketing question.
Lance Terveen: Yeah, Doug, just to follow up on -- I mean, it’s very encouraging on the midstream infrastructure that’s going to be come online, especially over the next year or so. We’ve really aligned ourselves with the new capacity that’s going to be coming online. So it might be a little bit of potential as the new timing comes on. It could be a little tight, but we’ve contracted ourselves and aligned ourselves with a lot of these midstream providers that we feel at this time are going to be in good shape.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America: I appreciate the answers guys. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we’ll take our next question from Leo Mariani with RBC Capital Markets.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, guys. I was hoping that you could kind of talk to a little bit of a dynamics around your fourth quarter U.S. oil production guidance. Kind of looking at what you guys have laid out, my math is indicating about the 0 to 2% sequential oil growth in U.S. You guys did about 7% in the third quarter versus 2Q sequential growth. Can you maybe just kind of address why the lower growth on the fourth quarter?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Good morning, Doug -- I mean, Leo. That’s a good question. Thank you for that. In the fourth quarter, our production growth is really highly predicated on timing of the completions. And so we have a good number of wells. The majority of the wells will come on very late in the quarter and most of them -- a lot of them will be in December. So when you bring them on late in the year, obviously they don’t add as much impact to the quarter.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful for sure. I guess, in terms of the Permian plays, it looks like you guys certainly have made a step forward there recently. I guess couple just sort of quick questions around that. Just trying to get a sense of kind of what kind of inning you’re in there? I mean obviously, you’ve been at the Eagle Ford for quite a bit longer than the Delaware Basin. And additionally, can you maybe talk to potential improvements there that you might see down the road in EURs and well cost? And is there any potential to add more acreage?
David Trice: Yeah. Leo, this is David. I would say on the Permian, we've been very deliberate on testing new zones and testing the extent to these other plays. And I would say, we’re very early on. We’re probably third or fourth inning if you want to put it in baseball terms. And so we’re going to continue to aggressively test these new zones and the extent of these plays and test the spacing of these plays. And potentially, to go to your second part of your question, with oil prices at $8o there is potential going forward that we could add some acreage.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: That’s really helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Hi. Good morning, everyone. There was an interesting inflation point coming in terms of free cash flows to you guys. And now we’ve had this inflation point with the oil price. I think what you’re saying clearly is that you will have trimmed back your CapEx in some of the more marginal areas. If oil prices were surprising the upside next year, would you be pushing perhaps towards generating free cash flow for cash return to shareholders? Or do you think you'd reaccelerate your activity? Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Thank you, Paul. Good morning.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Good morning.
Bill Thomas: As we think about 2015, obviously our goal is to fully fund the Eagle Ford, Bakken and the Permian plays but those very high returns. But we’re going to also continue to be very committed to the dividend and dividend growth. We’ve had 15 years that we’ve increased the dividend 16 times in 15 years and we don’t expect that pattern to decrease as we go forward. So we're always focused on returning value to the shareholders through that way. Obviously, with better prices next year that would help us to fully fund more drilling, but we’re very confident even with the low price environment we’re going to be able to have very strong double-digit growth going forward and continue to be a leader in U.S. organic production growth.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: I guess, my point was you’re already a leader in the organic production growth. Wouldn’t you be now in the situation where at the margin you would be looking for even more rapid increases in cash return as opposed to extending your leading growth?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. I think that’s something that our Board will certainly consider as we go forward. And there obviously, as we look at the commodity price next year, the higher the price the more flexibility. We’ll have to work on the dividend as well as increase drilling activity in some of other plays.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Sure. I’ve got you. And then the second follow-up question is that we’ve had an interesting announcement from BHP today with regards to exports. I assume it’s not a coincidence at the same time as the Republicans taken control of the Senate. Can you just give your perspective on that move and what it means to you? Thank you.
Lance Terveen: Hey, Paul. It’s Lance. Obviously, we’re closely watching everything that’s going on out in the market. But a lot of what you’re seeing is on ultralight oil, which is very high gravity condensate. And we look at our three big plays, essentially EOG has very, very little condensate. So we really have an ability to blend -- the condensating with our crude oil, so kind of a follow-up there. We are going to continue to watch it and strike as necessary?
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: But the actual export is less relevant to you as such in terms of your own activity.
Bill Thomas:  That’s correct, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Allman with J.P. Morgan.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Thank you, Operator, and good early morning everybody.
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: So just a clarification on the plans for 2015 spending. So are you saying that you plan to spend within the cash flow from operations or potentially would you be contemplating some assets sales and help fund some CapEx?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Joe. We are going to keep the cash flow in balance with the CapEx, plus the dividend. But also, we’ve sold properties over the years and that is something that we will be considering next year also those. Obviously, the kind of non core properties, properties that will help us to be more efficient as the company reducing LOE cost and properties that don’t have scale, that don’t have maybe the potential of some of the others. So, yeah, that will be part of our plans next year is continue to sell additional properties.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Okay. That’s helpful. And then a follow-up. In the Eagle Ford, the high-density frac results were pretty impressive. So what are the main parameters around the high-density fracs that really give you that uplift from even, early this year production results?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. These are new techniques, Joe, and they are experimental and really proprietary. So we don’t want to give out a lot of details on what we are doing other than to say that we’ve made significant improvement in distributing the frac more evenly along the lateral. And that has contacted more rock and we have this one example in our IR book. It’s on slide 26. You may want to look at that in detail. But it shows 2014 wells, the kind of the current completion practices versus several of these high-density fracs in close proximity. The wells are in close proximity and there is a 39% increase in the first 60-days. So we are very excited about it. And we’ve only completed high-density fracs on really kind of a handful of wells. So as we go forward, this gives us a lot of encouragement that there is still considerable room left to go in the Eagle Ford and really all this plays on improvements and completion technology.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: All right. Very impressive. Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Brackett with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein: If we stayed in a lower crude price environment through next year, what would your interest be in acquiring distressed assets or operators that might be in trouble?
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Bob. Yes, good question. EOG is our focus and our success has been really generating new potential through organic exploration and we see no lack of opportunity in that direction. And those were able to generate -- we generated five new plays this year. And we have a good list going forward that we have -- we are hopeful, we will be good addition to the company at very low cost. And so the acquisition businesses as you all know, historically, there is a lot of competition in M&As and acquisitions and usually they turn out to be very, very low return. So we are going continue to maintain our focus on growing the company organically through exploration and low-cost, acreage acquisitions in that process
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thanks. And you’ve had a couple competitors talk about East Taxes a bit more in the last quarter. You’ve got a position up there, how does that stack in your portfolio or is it still too early to know?
Bill Thomas: Bob. That’s again a yes. It's too early to know there. And we as everybody knows, we are drilling wells there and we are testing concepts. And when we have meaningful results on that, we will be able to update everybody on. But it’s still really early and as we’ve talked about before, we have a very high cutoff because our asset quality is so strong in the company. We are not interested in going forward with plays that would generate less than a 50% return. So we are working on only plays and spending a lot of money in going forward with very high-quality play. So we are taking our time and we’ll let everybody know when we have some meaningful results.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Yes. Hey, guys. This is really interesting. So it’s becoming sort of a mining operation. So, I am curious as to, as you continue to improve these resource plays, for example in the Eagle Ford, what percent recovery we are up to, like right now our with your assessments?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Good morning, Irene. In the Eagle Ford, we have quit giving a percent recovery factor there because we are still, I think trying to relook at what the oil in places there. But it’s certainly going up all the time. And we continue, as we showed and demonstrated in some of the charts and we’ve talked about this morning. We continue to make very significant increases in the completion technology and being able just to contact more rock along the lateral and keep the contact closer to the wellbore, so that we can drill additional wells closer together as you go forward, and So we think we are in about the sixth inning in the Eagle Ford and so there is a lot of room left to go there.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Great. If I have one follow-up, I’m going to hit you up on your macro view in this very volatile time?
Bill Thomas: Are you talking about the price of oil?
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Yeah. Oil, gas, yeah because usually you guys would have few lines on that.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. We are pretty good at some things, but the world oil supply demand situation is not an area that we have a lot of expertise in. And a special insight and we read a lot of the same reports and follow the same analytics that many of you do and we are going to kind of leave it up to them, to kind of give direction to others, a lot of opinions out there on what oil prices could do.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Good morning.
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Pearce.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: What level of flexibility do you have regarding oil services like rigs and completion crudes, et cetera, in your contracts if you need to adjust activity in a low oil price environment?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Pears. Good question. We have about 33%, about a third of our frac spreads are under long-term contracts. And about 50% of our drilling rigs are under long-term contracts companywide. So we have a lot of flexibility to lower activity, if we need to or increase activity if that is wanted. And we also have a lot of flexibility to take advantages of any kind of price decreases that may happen and we are already beginning to see especially in the frac equipment business and we are already seeing some price reductions and certainly, if prices stay at these levels, we could see a bit more that going forward.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Thank you. And then my follow-up, is under a low oil price environment, will you prioritize away from exploration and focus more on development? And then, as a leader, how do you balance the need for exploration to drive future growth of the company with lower cash flows and the need to maybe focus on development?
Bill Thomas: On that, Pearce, as we go forward and if we stay in a fairly low price environment, we don’t really expect to pullback on much of our exploration efforts, because they are really, really low cost. Our entry cost on these plays is extremely low because we are upfront in areas where nobody really else is looking. So we don’t expect to have a significant pullback on that. We are generating significant amount of new inventory each year. This year we’ve generated two times the amount of drilling inventory that we’ve actually drilled this year, some of that, of course, is in the existing plays, but again, already generated in new plays too. So the company is a very prolific organic prospect generating machine. And we think it’s -- we can continue to do that as very, very low cost. As we -- in the last few years our exploration costs have been relatively low in the company and a very small part of our budget.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Arun Jayaram of Credit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse:  Good morning. Bill, I wanted to get your thoughts on the overall development strategy from here in the Eagle Ford? I know you have 6,000 locations, you’re drilling 520, 540 wells per annum? So I just wanted to get your thoughts on how you develop it from here? I guess, the reason I ask that question is I have noted that you have down shifted activity in the last couple of quarters in Gonzales County. And perhaps, increase some activity on the western side of the play (indiscernible). So just trying to get some thoughts on, how do you move playing on the rigs news, et cetera?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Good morning, Arun. Thank you for that question. As we go forward, the mix of wells in the Eagle Ford will be relatively what they have been in the last several quarters. And in the third quarter, it is about 52% of wells were in the west and 48% were in the east. And as we look going forward that mix will stay about the same. We did drill in the third quarter some retention wells and holding some of that acreage that with the kind of classify this that less than 60% a-tax rate of return kind of acreage. So we just drilled the initial wells on that to hold that, we don’t plan on developing that acreage anytime soon going forward, but we wanted to hold it. But just directionally, the mix of well should be relatively consistent with what we’ve been doing in the last several quarters.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Okay. Just to clarify that, Bill. Q3, perhaps, the mix of wells was towards a lower rate of return then typical on lease retention and you expect that to normalize maybe going forward, is that fair?
Bill Thomas: Yes. We drilled 28 wells to do lease, excuse me, lease retention in some of those lower returns acreage in the third quarter and going forward, we don’t have that many wells planned to do that going forward. So that will drop off as we go forward.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: That’s very helpful. My follow-up Bill, you’ve talked about expanding opportunity set in the Delaware, you’re moving from four to eight rigs by year end. So just wanted to ask you, do you think you have the appropriate level of scale in the Delaware, are there opportunities through leasing, where you like to get a little bit bigger in the Delaware?
David Trice:  Yeah. Arun, this is David. And we have got -- we have laid out the three big plays that we announced today. And those -- we have numerous locations in those. We have many, many years of drilling just in those plays. And like I said before, we’ve been very delivered about testing new ideas and continuing to push the boundaries of these existing plays. So, I think, we have plenty of scale there in the Delaware Basin.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Operator:  And we’ll take the next question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning.
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Without trying to tie you down to your production or CapEx guidance from next year. In the plays you do plan to focus on Eagle Ford, the Bakken, the Delaware Basin? Can you run through, how you see required spending from HBP or infrastructure versus discretionary spending evolving next year i.e. what efficiency gains do you see on the horizon or you could keep the growth engine running without having spend as much capital and perhaps, some estimate for how much capital that that could represent?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Brian. Thanks for the question. As far as acreage retention or explorations, we have very little requirements in that area. For example, this year, at the end of the year in the Eagle Ford will be 80% of our acreage is HBP and by the end of 2015 it will be 95%. So the actual retention drilling in the Eagle will be less next year than it is this year. And then in the Permian we have just a little bit that we have to do for retention drilling and in the Bakken it’s all held our production. So we have a lot of flexibility to make sure that we are focusing on drilling and on high return. And so there was another part of your question, you have to remind me again, what was that?
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. Infrastructure, just a bit of the same question for infrastructure and each of those areas, do you see your infrastructure needs to support growth rising or falling?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. No. That’s a good question. We see, I think, next year a bit less spending in infrastructure than we did this year. Because, again, a lot of the infrastructure this year was in the Eagle Ford and we were doing a lot of step out or retention drilling and we have to build out through that, is that by fault, the need for infrastructure is less.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks. And then, if well performance is driving your stronger than guided your production results, do you see your rates of return in the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware improving as a result and in each of those areas, how much would you attribute to greater first year production versus greater overall recoveries versus better production mix?
Bill Thomas: Yes. As the well productivity increases with the completion designs, it is very additive to the return. So as you bring the oil, obviously, forward quicker, the returns go up and we are also able to continue to lower costs at the same time too and be more efficient in that area. So, rates of return given the confident commodity price are improving.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And to your point you are pushing up production earlier on with the completion technique, with -- which might be a little bit different than you are recovering more overall?
Billy Helms: Yeah. I think the, Brian, this is Billy Helms. I think I would also add to that is, yeah, Bill is right, the rate of return is certainly increasing, we are increasing the initial production rates too, but we are also increasing the recoveries of the wells. So, overall, recovery is going up too. So we are not just accelerating early time production at the sake of longer term production. We are seeing an uplift of overall curve.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to David Tameron with Wells Fargo Securities.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. Good morning Bill. Question, can you guys talk about what you -- how you complete these wells in the Permian. I know you had one of those little yellow boxes on one of the slides, you talked about your advance completion technology. So I imagine you don’t want to give all the secrets but can you give us like same framework around the way you complete this?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, David, in the Permian, just like we do in all the other plays, it’s a constant experiment. Eagle Ford, you’ve seen a track record that we had there. We just continue to experiment and to push this. So lot of the techniques that we’ve learned in these other plays have been applied in Permian. Like Bill mentioned earlier, we don’t want to give out any specific details on that but we do spend a lot of time experimenting with each play and each plays a little bit different. But we’ve got a good process in place.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities: Any reason that the 4500 plus lateral versus longer laterals, you should have got to that yet or just -- is there anything you comment on that, is that your larger curve. Could you talk about that?
Bill Thomas: Your question is why don’t we drill longer laterals?
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities: Yeah. Have you tried the longer laterals? And it seems like just most of the stuff you mentioned at least in the slide that was on the shorter 4500 foot?
Bill Thomas: I mean, each play is different and so we’ve done longer laterals both in the Delaware and in the Midland Basin. And it just depends on the cost of drilling, the added footage and then also the performance of the wells. And so what we’ve generally seen is at least they are in the Delaware Basin that we tend to prefer to go with, more with 5,000 to 4500 foot lateral. It also helps -- it tends to be kind of the resized configuration as well.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then just back to the Eagle Ford, I think it was Bill that you mentioned RSC data. Can you give us any framework just around what the Eagle Ford is doing as far as overall basin production quarter-over-quarter sequentially or can you give us anything along those lines?
Bill Thomas: David, no, I don’t have that in front of me right now. We have to get back with you on that. You’re talking about the whole field for all operators.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities: Yeah -- no, just for your specific Eagle Ford. I mean, there is so much concern about Eagle Ford production levels. I was just looking for some -- directionally, there are some type of comfort I guess you gave us on your end?
Bill Thomas: Yeah. No, I mean, again we’ve talked about -- we’ve got a 10-year growth profile in the Eagle Ford as we go forward. And we’re on target for that, pretty consistent. We’re drilling 540 wells this year and again, the mix of wells that we drill going forward will be relatively the same. So we’re planning a long-term growth profile there.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities: All right. I’ll go back there. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Good morning Bill and to the rest of your team there.
Bill Thomas: Good morning.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: I was wondering if I could go back to the Three Forks and get you guys to maybe decompose a bit, that the results you’re seeing there and what I’m really curious about in the end, is there any chance for the Three Forks. I know it’s already pretty high in the stack of your play but is there a chance forward to move higher and get bigger. And I guess, the little bit of detail to add there is the rates you gives have on those main three wells are good but they will be more impressive when you look at the lateral lengths you guys had on them. And as I understand the lot of Three Forks is kind of being puzzling the people and some times there is undifferentiated log responses, hard to predict, what’s going to be good, what’s not. So can you talk about what the prospects for that to grow in your portfolio are?
Billy Helms: Yeah, Charles, this is Billy Helms. On the Three Forks, we’re probably going a little bit slower than we are, relative to the Bakken. Most of our activity in that area will be focused on Bakken because that is what we consider the higher rate of return, the more consistent development play in that program. In the Three Forks, however, we do realize the potential in that play and we are anxious to get some more test. And as you can see, what the results we’ve had this quarter, they are all testing out fairly strong. Let’s say we’re still delineating what the ultimate extent of that play will be across our acreage position and what each zone will contribute across the acreage position. So I think we’re still a little bit early in that play. And again, most of our activity will be focused on the Bakken as we go forward. I think there is -- we're certainly pleased with the upside we see there. And we will continue to test that with some encouragement from these wells.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Thank you, Billy.
Operator: We’ll go next to Matt Portillo with TPH.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Good morning.
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Just two quick questions for me. My first question revolves around your international asset basis. Wondering if you could give us an update on your thoughts around the East Irish Sea and the production potential coming on stream in 2015?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, on our Conwy project, that’s going to coming on in the second quarter of 2015. And what we expect there is that we’ll have a kind of ramp-up phase and probably max out at around about 20,000 barrels a day for couple of months there.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Great. And then, I guess, just back on the CapEx question. As we look at your programs for 2014, is there any color you could provide us in terms of the capital you’re spending currently this year on assets outside of the main three you talked about the Eagle Ford, the Delaware, and the Bakken, maybe that would help us with some other context as we head into 2015 from an expectation perspective?
Bill Thomas: Matt, we have active drilling programs or one rig program in the Barnett Combo. We have a rig or two running in the mid-continent. A couple of rigs running in the East Texas and a couple of rigs running in South Texas. So we do have activity this year outside the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Permian plus we also as we talked about early in the year of these new plays in the Rockies, we’re running a rig or two in the Powder River. And I believe we’re running two rigs in the DJ. Actually there is four rigs in the DJ Basin. So we have quite a bit of activity in plays outside of the core plays.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Thank you very much. It’s very helpful.
Operator: This concludes today’s question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to today’s speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: Well, thank you very much for listening and for your continued support. And I just like to say and concluding that we’re confident as we head into 2015 and been with the company for 35 years. Every time we go to one of these price cycles, EOG outperforms and we come out of that price cycle in better shape than we entered it. So the company is in great shape with a sweet spot and the best role is on the plays in the U.S. and along with our low cost in our industry-leading technology. EOG is going to be strong performer in the yeas to come and a leader in the U.S. oil growth. So again thank you for listening.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - CFO Bill Thomas - Chairman and CEO Gary Thomas - COO Billy Helms - EVP, Exploration and Production Mario Baldwin - VP of IR
Analysts: Amir Arif - Stifel Nicolaus Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets  Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company  Subash Chandra - Jefferies & Company  Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Joe Allman - JPMorgan  Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein  Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs  Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead, Sir.
Tim Driggers: Good morning. I am Tim Driggers, CFO. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2014 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page on our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO, Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer, Billy Helms, Executive VP, Exploration and Production, and Mario Baldwin, Vice President, IR. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included third quarter and full year guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. I will first review our 2014 second quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, and then Bill Thomas and Billy Helms will provide operational results, I’ll then address EOG's financials, capital structure and hedge position. Finally, Bill Thomas will cover EOG's macro view and provide concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the second quarter 2014, EOG reported net income of $706.4 million or $1.29 per share. EOG's second quarter 2014 adjusted non-GAAP net income which eliminates the mark-to-market impacts and certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release was $796 million or $1.45 per share. Non-GAAP discretionary cash flow for the second quarter was $2.2 billion. At June 30, 2014 the debt-to-total cap ratio was 26%. The net debt-to-total cap ratio was 22%. I will now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss operational results and key plays.
Bill Thomas: Thanks,Tim. Once again EOG had an outstanding quarter. We posted year-over-year U.S. oil growth of 33% with total company production growth of 17%, which drove excellent financial metrics. We increased the dividend on the common stock by 34%, the second increase this year, and we also announced our success in yet another high return US crude oil play.  EOG’s workhouse assets, the Eagle Ford and Bakken continued to meet or in most cases exceed our high expectations. Although we’ve been in the Bakken since 2006 and the Eagle Ford since 2010 we are steadily improving individual well results in both plays through continuing advances in completion designs.  Also due to our ongoing ability to improve efficiencies, we continued to maintain good cost control, which was evident in our second quarter results. Together these plays are continuing to drive high return oil growth and are far from mature. We realized cost reductions during the first half partially due to efficiency gains from the increase in pad drilling in the Bakken and Eagle Ford. In both plays we are drilling longer laterals and utilizing larger fracs because we have secured sand supplies.  With pad completions, a large number of offset wells are taken off-line. Wells take longer to flow back and new wells are brought on production and packages. As a result, production growth can be lumpy rather than linear. As many of you who follow state data have noticed. This doesn't change EOG’s long-term growth profile. As mentioned in yesterday's press release, we announced success of the second Bone Spring Sand which lies beneath our Leonard shale acreage in the Delaware Basin. This is the fifth oil or combo plate EOG has added to its drilling inventory this year. Now I will turn it over to Billy Helms to discuss this play and our operations.
Billy Helms: Thanks Bill. In the first half of 2014, we were in the exploratory phase on our Delaware basin Leonard acreage. As we mentioned on our May call we were testing various spacing pilots and zones across our acreage. We also tested the potential of the Second Bone Spring Sand. The second Bone Spring Sand sits beneath our Leonard acreage position primarily in Eddy and Lea counties, New Mexico. We drilled our first horizontal wells here 10 years ago and shifted capital to the Leonard and Wolfcamp shale plays and now we’ve gone back to our proprietary completion techniques.  In Southern Lea County we drilled and completed two very successful wells in the Second Bone Springs Sand. The first was a short link lateral and the second was drilled with 4500 foot lateral. The Mars 3 State #1H and the Jolly Roger 16 Sate #1H had initial production rates of 1270 and 1450 barrels of oil per day with 150 and 210 barrels per day of NGLs and 1.1 million and 1.5 million cubic feet per day of natural gas respectively. The production stream is 70%, 45 API gravity oil. We have 73,000 net Leonard acres and estimate the second Bone Spring Sand is highly perspective over the majority of this acreage. We still need additional drilling to test all portions of our acreage, but these initial results combined with the industry data from over 500 wells rate our expectation for the play’s high rate return growth potential. The estimate completed well cost of $6 million with gross reserves of 500 in BOE per well yielding 100% direct after-tax rate of return.  We are very pleased with the addition of the second Bone Spring Sand to our drilling portfolio. It’s a high rate of return black oil play on existing acreage. We plan to drill a few more wells this year and increase activity in the play in 2015. Over time we will determine proper spacing and the ultimate resource potential to EOG.  In the Leonard shale, we are still testing down spacing in the same zones and across zones. Over the last 12 months we tested numerous patterns from 660 foot spacing down to the 300 foot space Gemini wells highlighted in the press release. We are very pleased with the preliminary production results. We've also had initial results from two recent B-zone wells and from tightly spaced wells drilled in a pattern across the A and B zones. It is a little too early to reach firm conclusions on optimum spacing or the ultimate number of possible well locations from each zone. But we are encouraged by our results today. In the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp, we’re focused on making improvements in well productivity through the application of completion technology. In Reeves County, the State Apache 57, #11 07H was completed with an initial production rate of 1600 barrels of oil per day with 460 barrels per day of NGLs and 3 million ft.³ per day of natural gas. This is the best Wolfcamp well we drilled to date. We are testing various spacing patterns and the prospectivity of different pay intervals in the play. We are on track to complete 14 net wells this year and have been encouraged with our progress and results to date.  In the Bakken, we've shifted to more multi-well pad drilling this year with most of our activity focused in the core area. We’re encouraged by the very early production flow back results from our first 700 foot spaced wells. As Bill mentioned earlier these are wells -- these are wells drilled from pads and completed with larger fracs. The wells are taking longer to flow back and therefore it is too early to report any individual well results. We've noticed a marked improvement in production rates that reflect changes we’ve made to completion techniques over the last two years. After achieving peak rates, the well production is flattening out nicely, delivering excellent rate of return. During the second half, we plan to drill both Bakken and Three Forks wells on our Antelope Extension acreage. We also plan to test various benches of the Three Forks formation on both our core and Antelope extension acreage. Later this year we expect to get our first data point after we test the third bench of the Three Forks on our Antelope extension acreage. In the Wyoming DJ basin we plan to drill 39 net wells this year in the Codell and Niobrara. One notable new well completed in the second quarter in the Codell was the Jubilee 586 – 1705H. It came online in 1145 barrels of oil per day with 445 MCF per day of rich natural gas. We have a 75% working interest in the well. Since May we've added 13,000 net acres in the Codell, increasing our position to 85,000 net acres. In the Powder River Basin, we plan to drill 34 net wells this year in the Parkman and Turner reservoirs. Two recently completed Parkman wells are the Mary’s Draw 404-21H and 468 – 34H which had initial production rates of 1045 and 980 barrels of oil per day respectively. We have 99% and 100% working interest in the wells respectively and we are drilling on multi-well pads in both the Powder River and DJ. I'll now turn it over to Bill to discuss the Eagle Ford and our international operations.
Bill Thomas : Thanks Billy. In the Eagle Ford, we’re in the sixth inning of understanding and progress in the play and we’ve not yet reached the peak from a learning curve standpoint. We’re constantly experimenting with the completion designs and are seeing improved production responses from these tweaks. We still have ongoing spacing pilots in certain areas. We highlighted multiple high initial production rate wells in our press release.  During the second quarter of the 29 wells we drilled in Gonzales County, 21 had IP rates exceeding 2500 barrels of oil per day. This distinct statement shows our Eagle Ford quality is holding up quite nicely. During the second quarter we drilled a number of lease retention wells. Our drilling plans for the second half include fewer of these one-off wells that we expect to realize efficiency gains from pad drilling and other improvements in costs and logistics. We are drilling longer laterals with a 50% increase in the number of stages from where we were three years ago. We’re also seeing productivity improvements during early flow back, but we need more time to evaluate the results. We’re on track to drill 520 net Eagle Ford Wells this year. By midyear we had brought 260 wells to sales. On our last earnings call we talked about the depth and longevity of oil growth from our Eagle Ford asset. Nothing has changed in our view. In Trinidad we have a three well, net well development drilling program planned for 2014, which will allow us to maintain flat natural gas production in coming years. In the East Irish Sea, the Conway project is now expected to be online early 2015 due to certain scheduling matters with the platform operator. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financial and capital structure.
Tim Diggers: Thanks Bill. Before getting into the specifics on CapEx and guidance I want to point out a new IR slide on page 14 using actuals and sell-side estimates we compared EOG’s 2013 and 2014 estimated ROE and ROCE to the average of the majors integrated independent E&Ps for the same period. What stands out from the chart is EOG’s financial returns relative to the other sectors.  In the energy space, there are sectors known for growth and those known for returns. But rarely does the company or sector combine high production growth with outstanding financial returns. We believe EOG is currently exhibiting among the best financial returns in the entire industry combined with excellent production growth. For the second quarter capitalized interest was $14 million. Total cash exploration and development expenditures were $2 billion excluding asset retirement obligations.  In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $237 million. EOG made $74 million of acquisitions during the quarter. At the end of June total debt outstanding was $5.9 billion. At June 30 we had $1.2 billion of cash on hand. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 36% and the deferred tax ratio was 62%. Yesterday we included guidance table with the earnings press release for the third quarter and full-year 2014. For the third quarter and full year the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 40%. We've also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we have, that we expect to record during the third quarter and for the full year. In terms of our hedge positions, for the period August 1 through December 31, 2014 EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 194,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of $96.19 per barrel. For the first half of 2015 we have 69,000 barrels per day of crude oil options that could be put to us at an average price of $95.20 per barrel. For the period September 1 through December 31, 2014 EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 330,000 MMbtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.55 per MMbtu. For the period January 1 through December 31, 2015 EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 175,000 MMbtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.51 per MMbtu. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. For the period January 1through December 31, 2015 we have 175,000 MMbtu per day of options that could be put to us at an average price of $4.51 per Mmbtu for each month. Now I’ll turn it back to Bill to provide the EOG’s views regarding the macro environment and a summary.
Bill Thomas:  Thanks Tim. We remain bullish on crude oil prices. We are advocates of free markets and are proponents of condensate and crude oil exports. While the opening up of condensate exports will create more headroom for refiners to process light oil even without exports we still see several years of headroom in the US refining complex.  Regarding North American natural gas, we don't have any plans to reinvest in dry gas drilling opportunities at current prices, as we expect that the strength we saw in gas prices earlier this year was only a temporary and driven by the coldest winter weather in 14 years. Recent high storage injection numbers again have verified the enormous supply deliverability on untapped Shale gas in the US. This provides solid support for rapid approval of additional LNG export terminals. Our 2014 plan remains consistent with what we outlined at the beginning of the year. We continue to reinvest in high rate of return crude oil weighted drilling opportunities. We increased our crude oil growth forecast in May 29%. And this quarter we are increasing EOG’s total company production growth estimate to 14% from 12%, based on growth from associated NGL and natural gas production from our crude oil plays.  Our CapEx estimate remains unchanged. We have now increased the common stock dividend twice this year. Now let me conclude there are five important takeaways from this call. First, EOG is focused on returns. EOG’s high return production growth is showing up as strong growth in cash flow, net income and through increasing ROE and ROCE metrics. The Bakken, Eagle Ford and Leonard have the potential to sustain above average long-term growth with very high returns. EOG is well-positioned to be a long-term leader in returns on capital in the energy sector.  Second, EOG is a growth leader and it's organic. EOG’s estimated 2014 oil growth on a barrel per day basis is greater than any other company in the peer group and this growth is all organic. We have the assets and the inventory depth to sustain this growth. Please take a look at the new IR slide on page 7, growing oil as we did 33% in the Lower 48 this quarter is a remarkable achievement. Third exploration and technology focus, we’ve again increased our high return drilling inventory on existing acreage with the addition of the Second Bone Spring Sand. We also reported good preliminary down spacing results from the Leonard A and B zones. The Second Bone Spring Sand and the Leonard Down spacing results are two examples of how EOG generates new plays through exploration and the use of in-house technology. Fourth, we're committed to generating long-term value for our stockholders. We increased the dividend on the common stock for the second time this year. This combined with net debt reduction has been our plan for discretionary cash flow. Finally our return on growth profile is unique. As Tim pointed out, based on 2014 estimates we are at the head of the class in terms of combined production growth and financial returns among all upstream sectors including the majors, integrators and independents. That's a powerful statement and our IR slide on page 14 is quite impressive regarding financial returns and we plan to maintain this lead by continuing to reinvest in high rate of return oil plays. Thanks for listening and now we’ll go to Q&A.
Operator:  Thank you, the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator instructions) We’ll take our first question from Amir Arif with Stifel.
Amir Arif - Stifel Nicolaus:  Good morning guys, a quick question on the Bone Springs. The 73,000 acres that you talked about for the Second Bone Springs, is that just on the New Mexico side? Or does that also include acreage on the Texas side? 
Billy Helms : Yeah Amir, our 73,000 acre position both in Leonard and the Bones Springs does cross the state lines. So it is both located in the Mexico and Texas. What’s interesting to note about the second Bone Springs Wells is they are about 5 miles apart, they do help confirm the potential on a lot of our acreage and certainly with the well-control we have in the play. We feel good about the extent of what we've seen so far. We are early in the testing of those zones but it is they do represent two of the most South-East wells in the play as far as wells completed in the Second Bone Springs Sand. So we certainly feel good about what we see so far. But we’ll have to evaluate long-term production to assess the potential to the company.
Amir Arif - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and as a follow-up, I know it’s still early days in the play like you just mentioned. But could you just give us how you are thinking about the development right now in terms of the Leonard AP and the Bone Spring in terms of , is one going to be your primary target or infrastructure build out the support one versus the other or each one is given a return, each one could be a primary target.
Billy Helms : Well I think that’s a good way to think about it. I think each one can be a primary target on zone. Infrastructure is certainly in place for our current activity and takeaway capacity and certainly we try to stay ahead of that as we develop the plays. We will be testing as we mentioned in the in the call or in the press release we have tested number patterns for the Leonard, especially the A zone and are Gemini wells that are spaced to 300feet apart in the Leonard A- zone in and certainly we're excited about potential we see there. But we’ll have to determine what the ultimate spacing will be in each zone as we progress. These two wells in the Palm Springs of mentioned earlier they are about 5 miles apart. So there have not been any spacing tests conducted on the Bone Springs yet. And so we’ll have to go through that exercise and it will take care several months to work through that and why additional wells planned in the in the rest of the year to try to assess how we move forward that program.
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wonder if I could try two quick ones. First of all, Bill, in your prepared remarks you did mention the Eagle Ford. I wondered if you could help dig a little bit deeper into the impact of the need to change to drill retention wells, is the way you put it on the call. And if we might expect to see the growth rate accelerate again in the second half as you get back to your more normal order of business. That's my first question. 
Billy Helms : Yeah, good morning Doug. Yeah, the retention wells we talked about, we were mainly in the western part of our acreage where we go out and we drill wells on the initial unit just to the hold the acreage and we’ve completed most of that drilling for this year the first half of the year. So in the second half of the year we will be doing as we talked about in early remarks, will be doing considerably more pad drilling. So that means we come back in and follows retention wells and other areas and we drill multi-well pads and we drill these wells in large groups and we complete these wells in large groups and so they, when we do this , we do get more efficiencies and cost. But the production is a bit more lumpy as we go forward, as we do the more of the pad drilling. So the main benefit is the efficiencies and cost to do the drilling, being able to drill wells on multiple well pads.  
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Bill, just to be clear, I'm guessing your average -- we don't obviously have the full disclosure on this, but the average well rates then out of the average well and not in the second quarter would presumably have been lower. But you're basically saying that really was more of an anomaly than something that's changing in the program? Is that a good way to think about it? 
Bill Thomas: Yeah, the average rate on the wells have been improving over time. We’re still making in completion improvements. Steady will slide in our IR presentation particularly on the western wells and so the new better completion techniques we’re doing on wells, continue to make better wells. But really we don't see a significant change from the first half of the second.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My follow-up is really more of a philosophical question. Obviously you've done a terrific job on the returns per your slide presentation compared to the different peer groups. By putting yourself in that -- it's fun to look at those big oil metrics if you like. I wonder how you think about the dividend. Obviously a big dividend bump this quarter again, but it's still a very modest yield. How do you think longer term about what the right level of dividend is for a company of your size with a growth trajectory and calls on capital that you have? Because, again, when you start to compare yourself to that wider peer group, some of those guys have 3%, 4%, 5% dividend yields and obviously you're substantially below that. Longer-term, how should we think about your allocation of capital to the dividend on a go forward basis?
Bill Thomas: That’s a good question, Doug, we don't have a policy, so as we go forward the board will just continue to look at our cash flow and where we are at the company, on what we need to do to continue to grow the company. And we will give dividends appropriately based on the situation of the company. So certainly we’ve had a good track record 16, increases in 15 years and we’re certainly committed to long-term shareholder value creation. 
Operator: We will go next to Leo Mariani with RBC Capital. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets : Just wanted to dive into some of the new plays. Obviously you talked about the Second Bone Springs here today. Last quarter you introduced a number of new Rockies plays as well. Can you give us a sense of how you plan to allocate capital to these new plays this year and next? Is there any plays there that are a priority? Are there any limitations on infrastructure or any need to hold acreage that governs any of that? Maybe talk to how we should see activity levels in those new plays over the next year or two.
Bill Thomas: As far as the new play, they are all in a bit different situation, certainly plays that we talked about in the first quarter call in the Power River basin and DJ basin, we’re moving ahead with the development on those most of it’s on multi-well pad drilling and we’re defining spacing patterns and optimizing our completions and costs and those will get capital allocation as we see the results of the wells and again the plays with the best rate of return will get the most capital as we go forward. On the Bone Springs we are new into that, as Billy talked about, we drilled two really strong wells and we will be evaluating that play as we go forward. But as we look in to the future everything EOG does is focused on return on capital invested, so each play will get rewarded based on that.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets : Switching gears a little bit, you guys did take your gas and NGL production guidance up here in 2014. You talked about associated gas in liquids from your oil plays. Could you give us a little bit more color on specifically where that's coming from in terms of the incremental associated gas here? 
Bill Thomas: Yes, Leo we had a couple things in the first half of the year and the second quarter. We have added infrastructure particularly in midland that’s helped our gas takeaway situation there and deliverability. We did in our Barnett combo play, we had a number of wells on restricted flow rates due to pressure control and we did open up some of those in the second quarter a little bit. But just in general as we stated in the opening remarks we increased our oil in the first quarter and this is kind of a follow up as we have associated gas with all of our crude oil plays, our base decline in our natural gas is slowing due to not much natural – but no natural gas drilling and no property sales and so our associated gas with a crude oil plays is beginning to overcome that decline.
Operator: We will go next to Pearce Hammond with Simmons. 
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company : Bill, I noticed a change in the completed well costs in the Eagle Ford. Looked like it moved up to $5.7 million from $5.5 million. Is that just more longer lateral, more sand? And does that $5.7 million yield bigger wells? 
Gary Thomas: Yes, you are exactly right, we’re drilling the longer laterals, they are about 10% larger -- longer and with that of course roughly $1000 traded lateral, that’s adding quite a bit of additional cost but we’ve been able to reduce that with just continued efficiencies and our number of days per well has dropped quite lot here this last quarter, as a matter of fact, we set a new record this quarter once again with a 4.3 day well to 15,600 feet, so we are seeing improved wells, I think that was placed 20 in our chart shows that the wells are about 15% better this year than last.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company : Then my follow-up is, Bill, can you provide some color on your ‘15 oil hedging strategy?
Bill Thomas: Historically and I think business wise we would like to have a good hedge position going forward in oil and gas, the difficulty has been that backwardation in the forward curve on both gas and oil we don't see as reflective of what’s going to happen in the future, so it's difficult to get a good hedge. But we’re certainly looking for opportunities as we go forward in the second half of the year to add some hedges in oil and gas if they are available. 
Operator: We will go next to Subash Chandra with Jefferies 
Subash Chandra - Jefferies & Company : A Permian question for my first one. So casual reading of these well results indicate that there's not a vast difference in the IPs that were quoted. Yet Wolfcamp, much higher EURs expected, and a much higher resource potential expected out of the Wolfcamp itself. Could you just add perhaps a bit more color to what you saw after these IPs that indicate that the Wolfcamp is 60% higher in terms of EURs per well than say, a Leonard, and a comp to the Second Bone Springs? 
Billy Helms: This is Billy Helms, I will answer this Permian question. For the Leonard and in both the Wolfcamp each one independent zones, the Leonard is more of a oil play, it has a different production profile certainly than that the Wolfcamp which is more of a combo-ish kind of play. So the production profiles although they may start at somewhat similar IPs on oil, production profile is certainly different because they are different types of reservoirs, so the decline rates will be different, the product mix is certainly different. And so it's going to yield different EURs over the life of the well. We’re also -- that will also play into how we develop the field and the ultimate spacing of the wells as well. So the Leonard as you saw we’re testing down to some wells that are at 300 foot spacing and Wolfcamp we’re generally testing closer to 750 foot spacing as we go through the play, so those are just some differences between the two different reservoirs, they are quite different certainly and have different zones of targets but that's the basic difference between the two.
Subash Chandra - Jefferies & Company : And Billy, what do you see happening with the rig count in the various Permian plays over the next year? 
Billy Helms: Well certainly I expect this with success we would expect activity to increase in the Permian over time. The luxury we have right now is we have just a large number of really high quality plays in the company where we can allocate capital, so what it does is it gives us the time to go through and make sure we understand the proper completion techniques and the proper spacing before we really start increasing activity in each play. That helps make us a little bit smarter on overall development and still provide long-term growth for the company. So we’re pretty excited about the potential we see there in the Permian and we’re taking our time to really make sure that we understand how to complete and what the proper spacing of each one of those zones will be before we really ramp up activity too quickly. 
Subash Chandra - Jefferies & Company : And my follow-up. I don't know if EOG participated in the Turner Mason study or not. I guess the net conclusion is that they're arguing for a riskier packaging number, but essentially no change in the type of railcar to carry Bakken crude. As you're obviously on the upstream and the midstream side of the transportation side of it, what are your takeaways?
Bill Thomas: We are certainly conservative on everything we do or we’re concerned about safety and we’re certainly all in favor of many of the things that have been proposed and I guess the new guidelines didn’t really catch us by surprise, we are prepared for those as we go forward and we’re solidly behind - the activity to increase the safety of rails as we go forward. 
Subash Chandra - Jefferies & Company : Or more specifically, do you think there needs to be a change in the 111 railcars to carry Bakken crude? 
Bill Thomas: We are very well-positioned there with the contracts that we have and we’re still reviewing these rules but as our cars that go off the least we will be going with the cars of the future, so we really like the way we’re positioned to be able to have the most safe and regulatory compliant rail fleet. 
Operator: We will go next to Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: My question is on the land that's also called Avalon. You mentioned earlier that is a different beast from the Wolfcamp Shale. So can you shed a little light on whether it's a true shale or is it something else? And then does it have really high IPA and how does it drop off? Because I think it can get pretty steep. And also in your past PowerPoint in July, I think you mentioned about three zones in the Leonard. These are my questions. 
Bill Thomas: The Leonard is a shale, and it’s really the third best reservoir in terms of shale we really have in the company. It’s a very high porosity shale with really we've identified at this point two zones, the A and B zone and the content of the reserve is about 50% oil and they start off at very high rates and have excellent rates of return in the shale. So we’re fortunate our acreage position we believe has captured much of its weak spot of the play and we’ve had, as Billy talked about we've had very good success on increasing the per well productivity with our new completion techniques and also been able to test wells at very tight spacing with at least initial good results. So we think we can continue to improve the play and add value as we go forward in our development process. 
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: How is the declines?
Billy Helms: I would say the decline in the Leonard play – I would say it's not too different than many of our other shale plays in that they are hyperbolic in nature, they fall off fairly fast and I don't know – couldn’t quote a number right now as far as the initial decline on the well but they are very similar to most of our other shale plays, very hyperbolic in nature but they produced a level out produced for a long time at very good rates. So they do provide excellent economics as we would – as we reported earlier, the current rate of return for that play is over hundred percent as well. So we’re very excited about the potential of development of the play and economics of that play. 
Operator: We will go next to Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan : One quick question on down-spacing, it seems like there's an awful lot of down spacing going on at EOG. So could you run us through the various plays, so for example, on the Leonard shale, I know you did 300 foot inter lateral spacing and you’re doing some additional pilots, are you testing down to 150s and then in the Eagle Ford, you’re doing some additional pilots, are you going down to 20s, there, could you talk about down spacing in the Bakken and in Wyoming, and what the implications are for the increase in locations?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Bill, let me just go through -- that's a good question -- each one of those plays a bit. So in the Eagle Ford we’re currently developing that play on about 40 acre spacing and there are some areas where – and That’s about 300 feet between wells on average. There are some wells where the well spacing is greater than 300 feet and we are doing a bit of infill field work, in some of those areas we don't have any news to report on that other than the early results look good. And we need some long-term results on that before we can determine if that’s the best way to do those areas.  In the Bakken, we’re on our third set of down spacing in the Bakken and we have had very good success with 1300feet between wells which is approximately 4 wells per section. Now we are testing approximately 700 feet between wells, that would be eight wells per section. And as Billy reported on that we have a few wells that are flowing back and those initial results look good. But we do need quite a bit more time to watch the long-term production of those wells and then also watch additional wells as we bring them on line on those spacing patterns. And in the Leonard, we've gone from 660 foot spacing and we tested various spacing patterns down to 300 feet between the wells. We do not have any plans to go less than 300 feet in the same zone between wells, so where we are on that process is we’re just evaluating all those different spacing patterns to determine what's the proper spacing to fully develop the field. 
Joe Allman - JPMorgan : If you could comment on Wyoming as well, that would be great. And then a follow-up question. Then comment on the implication for locations, if you can give us any specifics on that. But follow-up question would be, you're talking about increasing E&P activity in 2015 versus 2014. So is your plan to be free cash flow positive in 2015 and increase the balance sheet as you suggest in some of your comments, or do you plan on matching fairly closely cash flow to CapEx and talk about what the optimal debt level is in that context?.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Joe, that certainly we’re beginning to think about 2015 but we just don't have any specific guidance on that other than we’re going to reinvest the majority of our growing cash flow. We’re going to continue to reinvest that back into the highest rate return plays that we have and we will be looking at certainly the drilling program this year, and the results and all these different spacing patterns and the well productivity and the return on all these and we will just allocate that to continue to grow the company very strongly. But to really to focus on returns and our net debt to cap ratio continues to fall in the company and we want to continue to strengthen the balance sheet as we go forward and allocate our capital based on those metrics. 
Joe Allman - JPMorgan : Any comments on the spacing pilot you're doing in Wyoming? 
Bill Thomas: Joe, in Wyoming, in the DJ basin, we’re drilling alternating Niobrara and Codell targets and those spacing patterns on various different spacing between wells but there are approximately 800 feet apart and so we will be looking at those, initial patterns and see how those respond. And then in the Parkman zone, we’re currently developing a 1300 feet between wells and drilling longer laterals in that particular play and in the Turner we’re developing on 1355 feet between zones. And again each one of these we’d like to get multiple patterns established and we’d like to get long-term results to see how much sharing – if sharing the risk between wells and then we make appropriate adjustments as we go forward. So it’s kind of the long-term process. And we’re very focused on maximizing the net present value of each of these properties and to maximize the reserve recovery and the value of the property, so that's kind of the status on those plays. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Bob Brackett with Bernstein. 
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein : Good morning. Quick question on new ventures. Can you talk a little about the lower tests in the Three Forks? And maybe anything on East Texas you're willing to share? 
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Bob. Thanks for the question. In the Three Forks we do have some wells planned particularly in our Antelope acreage. We do have a third match plan, the test later in the year and some, I believe, probably first and second batch also test to continue to evaluate that.  Yeah, I would say Bob, on East Texas, you know everybody knows we are drilling a few wells over there and evaluating the play, as well as plays in other parts of the country too. So it's just a part of our continuing exploration effort in the company to define new play potential. As you know we have a very very high cut-off for new play. So we’re not interested in pursuing plays that have a 20% or 30% rate of return potential, we’ve really set the bar high and we’re looking for plays and only would be able to generate say north of 50% rates return going forward and we’re still – we’re very focused on crude oil plays. So the East Texas is just a part of that mix, and we will continue testing that and when we get some information that’s meaning, and something that we will go forward on, we can talk about that later but right now that's all the information we have.
Operator: We’ll go next to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs : I wanted to follow-up on a couple of earlier topics, starting with the Leonard. The potential for a 300-foot spacing in the Leonard would seem to imply tighter spacing, at least at your base case lateral length relative to some of the other plays out there. Can you just talk about unique characteristics you see in the Leonard relative to other plays in other parts of the Delaware basin? And how you're thinking about both recovery rates and the trade-off of longer laterals versus tighter spacing? 
Billy Helms: Yeah, Brian, this is Bill Helms. On the spacing for the Leonard, this is the same approach we’ve really taken in every play that we undertake. It’s to try to understand what’s the right spacing given the current state of our completion technology in each lateral to maximize the net present value of every acre that we have under lease. And so for the Leonard, we started out with 660 foot spacing and we continue to test tighter spacing in each one of our subsequent patterns to understand what is the right formula to maximize our net present value and certainly the Gemini wells that we highlighted in the press release are encouraging for 300 foot space well. I would say that we need a little bit more production time to really understand what the optimal spacing pattern is going to be for that Leonard A zone as we go forward. And then similarly we will do the same thing for the Leonard B zone as well as the Wolfcamp zones in the Delaware as we start through the development in each one of those. So it’s a similar process we go through in each play. For the Leonard it's just -- it's really – as Bill mentioned earlier it’s a high quality shale across the good mechanical properties, that allows us to really focus the fracs near wellbore and maximize recovery of each well and that's different than some of the other plays. Of course each play has its own characteristics and mechanical properties that dictate what the proper spacing will be and that's why these very methodical spacing tests are needed to try to determine what the optimal will be on each pattern. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs : And then in the Eagle Ford, you have a slide -- slide 20, where you're showing further improvement in well performance this year relative to last year. You talked about the greater, the more complex fracs and slightly higher well costs. Is that what's reflected here or is there further upside to EURs? Are you just getting oil out of the ground earlier via completion efficiencies? And are there any changes to your thoughts on recovery rates in oil in place in the Eagle Ford? 
Bill Thomas: It’s a little early to determine what recovery factors is now with these enhanced completions. But, yes, we’re really excited about what’s transpired here just this year in the Eagle Ford, because more of our wells are being drilled in the West side which previously thought -- we thought was maybe less productive. But with more wells there, then we’re drilled longer laterals, enhanced completions, then overall – the average of the wells drilled in 2014 is quite lot better than the wells – the average of the wells drilled in 2013. It’s just improved completions.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs : And are you seeing any change in the decline rates being greater? Or should one expect that these greater rates should carry into, and well performance through 60 days, should carry into EUR? 
Bill Thomas: We would expect – that we would see with the same kind of IPs, and the wells even holding up better 60, 90 days that we would see improvement there as well, as far as long-term production. We do have longer laterals and we just need additional time on these.
Billy Helms: Yeah, I think the important thing on that Brian is that it is really critical that we get long-term data on each one of these plays and that goes for the Eagle Ford in particular is that we just want to see more than 90 days production to determine what the ultimate EUR will be, and especially as we continue to work the spacing issues, it’s very critical to take our time and to get enough data before we can say whether there is an EUR the increase or not.
Operator: We will take our next question from Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : I did want to talk to you a little bit, maybe a follow-up to Joe's question. But as you sit here today, Bill, you have a bigger opportunity set than you had perhaps 6 or 12 months ago, given the Rockies oil opportunity. The Delaware Basin opportunity looks bigger. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on potentially, as you look forward to perhaps increasing CapEx beyond cash flows. You're pretty bullish on oil. Your debt to cap is down to 21%. And you did have a big dividend increase. So just some thoughts, given the increasing opportunity set at EOG, to take that CapEx to accelerate your returns profile even more.
Bill Thomas: Arun, I think what you can expect from EOG going forward is discipline -- capital discipline is at the top of our list and so we are really focused on operating the company relatively within our cash flow going forward. We’re very focused on keeping the balance sheet solid as we go forward, at net debt to cap at a low level and really discipline -- each of these plays, as you focus on rates of return, capital rates of return and maximize the value of the plays, it’s important not to grow or accelerate them too fast. And so we’re really focused on doing that correctly and continuing to focus on crude oil, not interested in gas drilling and that we’re really focused on growing the cash flow of the company forward, of investments in our crude oil really. 
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : And that would, again, suggest maybe staying within cash flows? 
Bill Thomas: I think we want to operate the company with discipline in spending and certainly not outrun the cash flow of the company. 
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : And just a quick follow-up, switching gears to the Delaware basin. Bill, you talked about 550 million barrel resource opportunity in the Leonard, two zones there. Just wondering what the spacing assumptions were that underpin that. And perhaps, given the successful downspacing tests, you're perhaps looking at maybe even 16 wells for each of the zones. I was wondering if you can comment on what that 550 was underpinned by from a spacing perspective? 
Bill Thomas: So I will ask Bill Helms to give some color on that.
Billy Helms: The Leonard, we originally arrived at our EURs the ultimate recovery from that field, from that play, using a 660 foot spacing for all the Leonard wells and certainly we have potential for some multiple pay zones in some areas, although we will need to consider all the targets perspective over all the pay zone, over all the acreage but in general it's a 660 foot between wells which is roughly an 80 acre spacing per well, and as mentioned we're – our Gemini wells, we did test down to 300 and while it’s still early we still need some production time to understand what the ultimate spacing will be for that play.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : And that would be for the A and B zones?
Billy Helms: Yes, that’s what we used in our initial estimates, yes. I would mention too that we wouldn't have considered all the zones perspective over all the acreage, so I caution you there .
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : And I know it's early days, but how is the Bones Spring -- little bit more oil content. Are the returns compared to the Leonard, at least on your initial wells, similar? 
Billy Helms: Yeah, I would say they are very similar as far as returns, we’re -- honestly we just had the first two wells down this acreage position and we’re very excited about it. But as you mentioned it is early and we will certainly need to watch production for a while and as Bill mentioned we like to have a little more than 90 days of production, I’d say more than 90 days production to evaluate the ultimate recovery from all these wells. 
Operator: At this time I would like to turn it back to Mr. Thomas for additional or closing remarks. 
Bill Thomas: Well thank you for listening and thank you for all the good questions, and just know that EOG as we go forward is a company that's unique, we’re focused on returns, continuing to improve our ROE and ROIC numbers and strong crude oil growth. Thank you for listening. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Tim Driggers - CFO Bill Thomas - Chairman and CEO  Gary Thomas - COO  Billy Helms - EVP, Exploration and Production  Mario Baldwin - VP of IR
Analysts:  Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors David Tameron - Wells Fargo  Amir Arif - Stifel Nicolaus Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research  
Operator:  Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources First Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chief Financial Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Tim Driggers. Please go ahead.
Tim Driggers:  Thanks April. Good morning. I am Tim Driggers, CFO. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2014 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in Investor Relations page on our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO, Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer, Billy Helms, Executive VP, Exploration and Production, Mario Baldwin, Vice President, IR. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included second quarter and full year guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. I will first discuss our 2014 first quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, and then Bill Thomas and Billy Helms will review operational results, I’ll then review EOG's financials and capital structure. Finally, Bill Thomas will cover EOG's macro view and hedge position and provide concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the first quarter 2014 EOG reported net income of $661 million or $1.21 per share. EOG's first quarter 2014 adjusted non-GAAP net income which eliminates the mark-to-market impact in certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release was $768 million or $1.40 per share. Non-GAAP discretionary cash flow for the first quarter was $2.2 billion. At March 31, 2014 the debt-to-total cap ratio was 27%. Due to a buildup of cash on the balance sheet the net debt-to-total cap ratio was 21%, down from 23% at December 31, 2013. I will now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss operational results and key players.
Bill Thomas:  Thanks Tim. We started 2014 delivering excellent first quarter results; our total oil production was up 42% year over year. In the US oil production was up 45% sequentially. Total company production increased 18% compared with the first quarter of 2013. Based on these first quarter production result and our confidence in the remainder of the year we are raising our full year 2014 oil production growth estimate from 27% to 29% and total company, total growth estimates from 11.5% to 12%. Our actual unit cost came in lower than guidance particularly for LOE and transportation, with DD&A also at the low end.  In yesterday’s press release, we announced we’re adding 735 high rate of return net drilling locations in the sweet spots at four plays, with estimated reserve potential of 770 million barrels of oil equivalent gross or 400 million barrels of oil equivalent net to EOG. We’ve identified approximately 10 solid years of drilling inventories in these four plays. Two of these plays are in the DG basin, primarily in Laramie County Wyoming and extending into Weld County Colorado.  I’ll first discuss the Codell play, this is a sandstone play that we have thoroughly defined geologically and with recent horizontal drilling results we’ve identified the best acreage and are making very repeatable consistent wells. We have 72,000 net prospective acres in the sweet spot of this play in Laramie County Wyoming, where we’ve identified 225 net well locations with estimated reserve potential of a 125 million barrels of oil equivalent net to EOG.  Last year we drilled three net Codell wells and this year we completed four net wells, all of them have long nine thousand foot laterals and IP’s in excess of 1000 barrels of oil per day. The wells average 78%, 36 degree API oil, we noted a few of these wells in our press release, this year we plan to drill 26 net wells, these wells had an expected average EUR of 695 mboe per well. Once we optimize well productivity through EOG technology and sourcing of completion materials and meet our target well cost of 7.3 million, this play should yield after-tax rates of returns greater than 100%. The second play in the DJ Basin is the Niobrara shale in Laramie County, Wyoming and Weld County, Colorado where we have 50,000 net acres in the sweet spot of this play. We have studied the Niobrara for a number of years and have found this part of the basin as quite consistent. We drilled three net wells in the Niobrara last year. The reserves are 71%, 35 degree API oil with the expected average growth EURs of 430 MBoe per well. Target well cost for our 9,000 foot lateral are $9 million due to larger fracs and yield a direct a-tax rate of return of approximately 40%. We are currently completing our first long lateral. As we've done in all our resource plays, we expect to improve well productivity and decrease well cost and improve the rates of return on this play. We see plenty of room for upside. We've identified 235 net drilling locations with estimated net reserve potential of 85 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We plan to drill a total of 39 net wells in the DJ this year, 26 in the Codell formation and 13 in the Niobrara. We are currently operating a two rig drilling program and plan to add a third rig later this month. We expect crude oil production growth from these two plays beginning this year. We also highlighted two plays in Powder River Basin. In the Powder River Parkman, we have 30,000 net prospected acres of high quality play. Last year we drilled 10 net wells and this year so far we completed six net wells. Initial production rates from shorter length laterals exceed 1,000 barrels of oil per day; and the 90 day cumulative oil production looks good. We expect results from longer laterals would be even better. With 7,300 foot lateral wells have expected average growth EURs of 850 MBoe per well of which 69% is 41 degree API oil. With 5 million completed well cost direct after-tax rate of returns exceed 100%, making the Parkman the highest rate of return play of the four discussed today. We are already seeing improved drilling times and cost savings with regard to completion materials. Estimated net potential reserves are 75 million barrels of oil equivalent. We have identified 115 net drilling locations. Much like the Niobrara, EOG has been drilling in the Turner formation for several years. So this play is not so new, but our results have improved significantly. Today, we have a much better understanding of the geology in the area and are now drilling in the best areas of the play. Through longer laterals and focused targeting our wells are improving, they are yielding higher EURs and higher oil mix. The wells we drilled in 2011 had 26% oil mix versus 34% today. Last year, we drilled eight net wells; the lateral lengths in the Turner will vary from 4,600 to 9,000 feet. The average gross EUR for an 8,200 foot lateral is 860 MBoe per well. The returns here average 100% direct after-tax with a 7.5 million completed well cost. The estimated potential reserves are 115 million barrels of oil equivalent, net on our 63,000 net acres in the Turner. We have identified 160 net drilling locations. Running a two rig program, we plan to drill a total of 34 net wells in the Powder River this year; 28 in the Parkman formations and six in the Turner. Regarding explorations, we continue to actively search for additional new plays. As we’ve previously mentioned, our new discovery the size of our estimated 3.2 billion barrels equivalent net Eagle Ford potential reserves would be difficult to repeat. However, the plays announced in yesterday's press release are significant and three of the four plays are oil plays with very strong direct a-tax rate of return. We are currently completing our first long lateral in the Niobrara and are optimistic on the overall economics of this play. We plan to continue to add these types of high rate of return bolt-on oil plays to our portfolio. We’ve set a high threshold at EOG with plays like the Eagle Ford, Bakken, and Leonard. Other plays that compete for capital require the same rate of return metrics. The plays we’ve announced today are certainly in that category. In the Eagle Ford, we’ve increased activity compared to last year. We’re on track to drill 520 net wells this year. We're currently running 26 rigs in the play and the Eagle Ford was the biggest contributor to our first quarter oil growth and the reason we exceeded our first quarter oil production guidance. We continue to make improvements in well productivity and as our press release cited, a number of recent Eagle Ford wells have IP rates in excess of 4,000 barrels of oil per day. The Eagle Ford continues to be our largest growth asset with the highest after-tax rates of return. By mid-year, the vast majority of our drilling obligations for 2014 to hold our 564,000 net acreage position in the crude oil window will be essentially complete, giving us much more flexibility to efficiently manage our drilling and production operations. We modeled our Eagle Ford production for the next 10 years. If we increase this year's 520 net wells by a modest amount and hold that number flat through 2024, our Eagle Ford oil volumes increase every year. The Eagle Ford will draw a free cash flow this year and every year through 2024. In our model, we haven't assumed any improvements in well productivity or well cost. We've maintained the status quo. We’ve talked about the 6,000 net remaining locations on our acreage. We used a 60% direct after-tax rate of return cut off point in moving these locations into our inventory. We still have a large number of locations that don't meet this threshold, but we continue to improve, make improvements in well productivity and economics, and are working to move these locations into our drilling inventory. I'll now turn it over to Billy Helms to discuss other areas.
Billy Helms : Thanks Bill. Last year we increased the drilling density in the Bakken from two to four wells per spacing unit. Due to higher tighter spacing and configuration of leases, the majority of our 2013 drilling in the Core and Antelope Extension was based on 1,300 feet between wells. The successful 1,300 foot spacing across our acreage, we are now testing 700 feet and tighter spacing between wells in the Core and Antelope Extension areas. Hoping to repeat what EOG achieved in the Eagle Ford, we will continually test downspacing until we've maximized the net present value in the overall play. We are early in the life of these tests and we will monitor production history to determine optimal spacing for development. If tighter spacing proves successful, a number of years would be added to our Bakken drilling inventory. The majority of our 2014 development program is in the Core area, where we already have pad drilling and completion infrastructure. We are currently operating six rigs in the Williston Basin with plans to add a seventh this summer. During the first quarter, we completed a number of wells on our Core acreage, the Wayzetta 28-1424H, 29-1424H and 38-1424H were completed at initial oil rates of 1,060, 1,295 and 1,000 barrels of oil per day with 105, 125 and 100 barrels per day of NGLs, respectively. These wells were drilled off the same pad. Less than 2,000 feet from these wells, the Wayzetta 39-1424H and 40-1424H, were completed at 1,760 and 2,220 barrels of oil per day with 170 and 215 barrels per day of NGLs respectively. In the Permian, our 2014 activity is focused in the Delaware Basin, where we've more than doubled the number of wells we plan to drill this year compared to last year's total. In the Leonard Shale, we continue to test various spacing patterns across our acreage to determine the optimal development program. Recent test were drilled with 660 feet or 80 acres and 430 feet spacing, 60 acres between the wells. The Dillon 31 number 1H, number 2H and number 3H were drilled with 430 feet between wells. This is our most dense, same zone spacing test to-date. The wells came online with 1,225, 1,395 and 1,315 barrels of oil per day respectively. Based on these successful results, we plan to test tighter spacing both between wells and across zones throughout our 73,000 net acre position. We are currently testing 32 acre spacing across different zones. Through an active development program, we continue to better define our acreage. In the Delaware Wolfcamp, we drilled eight wells this year. The wells produced a lower initially oil rate than the Leonard but had a very flat production profile, which generates a very strong after-tax rate of return. To-date, we have tested three liquids-rich zones within the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp, and are testing various spacing patterns as tight as 50 acres between wells as we develop these zones. We're seeing improved well productivity in both the Leonard and Wolfcamp plays. Because we've now moved into development mode, our drilling operations are more efficient resulting in decreased drilling days and cost. We're currently operating a four rig program in the basin. Completion costs have also decreased with the integration of EOGs sourced sand and other materials. Further enhancements in our geoscience and completions work continue to improve our two Delaware Basin plays, and we are confident. We realize ongoing improvements and additional success in the Basin. In Trinidad, we have a three well development drilling program planned for 2014, which will allow us to maintain flat natural gas production in later years. In the East Irish Sea, the Conwy prospect is still expected to be online in late 2014. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Billy. For the first quarter, capitalized interest was $14.2 million. Total cash expiration and development expenditures were $1.8 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $166 million. EOG made $4 million of acquisitions during the quarter. During the first quarter, net cash provided by operating activities exceeded financing and investing cash outflows. At the end of March, total debt outstanding was $5.9 billion. At March 31, we had $1.7 billion of cash on hand. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 36% and the deferred tax-rate ratio was 63%. Yesterday, we included guidance table with the earnings press release for the second quarter and full year 2014. For the second quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 40%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the second quarter and for the full year. Now, I'll turn it back to Bill to provide EOG's views regarding the macro-environment hedging and operations.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim. With regards to oil, we believe we are in a continued tight supply demand situation globally. Last year, the U.S. was the largest oil growth area in the world. However, the rate of oil growth in the U.S. is beginning to slow and 2014 non-OPEC supplies have been revised downward while global demand for oil from non-OECD countries continues to increase. Therefore, we expect to see strong oil processed for the remainder of this year barring a global recession. Regarding North America gas, taking into account current store levels and assuming normal weather, we expect prices to remain stable in the $4.50 to $5 range due to summer of 2014. This is with a caveat that E&P companies stay disciplined at these gas prices and don't ramp up drilling activity. Once we enter the storage withdrawal season, we expect to see upward pressure on gas prices. Late next year, the first LNG plant at Sabine Pass is scheduled to begin exporting natural gas. This could signal the beginning of a structural change in natural gas demand. In 2016, a number of new petrochemical plants utilizing natural gas feedstock are expected to be commissioned, the remainder of the LNG commission plants are scheduled for start-up in ‘18. For May 2014, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 181,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of 96.55 per barrel. For June 2014, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 171,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of 96.35 per barrel. For the period July 1 through December 31, 2014, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 74,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of 95.37 per barrel. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. For the period June 1 through December 31, 2014, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 330,000 million British thermal units per day at a weighted average price of 4.55 per million British thermal units. For the period January 1 through December 31, 2015, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 175,000 MMBtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.51 per MMBtu. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. As it relates to EOG and the overall macro environment, EOG's marketing and midstream investments again prove invaluable in the first quarter. In the U.S., EOG realizations average $1.97 over West Texas Intermediate index process. However, we continue to sell the majority of our oil index of LLS pricing.  Now let me conclude, there are five important takeaways from this call. First, EOG continues to demonstrate its ability to organically grow. Yesterday, we announced the addition of 735 high rate of return net drilling locations with 10 years of drilling inventory from the sweet spots of four high quality, high oil content onshore U.S. plays. This is proof of our very disciplined approach to adding new plays. First, we identify the potential. Second, we capture the acreage. Third, we apply technology to the play until results meet our rate of return criteria. What's significant is that these are predominantly oil plays that compares favorably with our current highest rate of return plays. Our goal is to increase EOG's ROE and ROCE and by adding these higher rate of return plays we are doing so. Second, we increased our oil production growth target for the year from 27% to 29%. We've said all along that EOG has the best horizontal crude oil assets in the U.S. and they continue to deliver. Third, the Eagle Ford continues to demonstrate improvements in well productivity from ongoing refinements and completion techniques. In modeling production from the Eagle Ford we are on a growth track for the next 10 years and I want to repeat in modeling production from the Eagle Ford, we are on a growth track for the next 10 years before we even begin to see production level out. Fourth, we are testing additional downspacing patterns in the Bakken, Leonard, and Wolfcamp plays. We will continue to test downspacing until we’ve reached maximum optimization for each of these plays. To wrap it up, EOG turned in another outstanding quarter. Our U.S. oil plays continue to deliver. We continue to make improvements and completions even in our most mature plays, the Eagle Ford and Bakken. EOG is running like a finely tuned high performance engine. Thanks for listening and now we’ll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, (Operator Instructions), and we’ll first hear from Doug Leggate at Bank of America – Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning everybody, I love the pronunciation on these calls, but thanks for all the color Bill on the new plays, I guess my question is on Slide 9 in your presentation. You show how they stack up on a relative basis with the IRR. So I guess what I’m really trying to understand is, how should we think about capital allocation here as we go forward, as you grow your cash flow? And specifically, I wonder if you could address the 60% threshold in the Eagle Ford that you haven't included in your inventory. What's it going to take to get those into a competitive position and how will that theoretically change your capital allocation? Then I've got a follow-up, please.
Bill Thomas : Yes, Doug, yes, on the capital allocation, as we go forward, we've given guidance in the past and we want to reiterate this, at number one, the first priority is to the dividend, and we want to continue our 15-year history of a healthy dividend increase. Next, the focus is on reinvesting that capital back into the highest rate of return plays, and now, we have more of those to offer up.  And first, certainly the Eagle Ford is the highest rate of return play we have, and so the biggest amount of capital will go to that. The Bakken Three Forks next, the Leonard, the Delaware Basin, Leonard and now we have opportunities to reinvest at high returns in the DJ Codell, the Parkman and Turner play.  So that's where we will focus our capital as we go forward. On the Eagle Ford and the remaining inventory that we haven't included because it has not made our 60% a-tax rate of return cutoff, we are focused on that and we have a pretty -- could be a pretty significant number of wells that we can drill and we're doing like we do on all of our plays, we're working on the cost to reduce the cost as we go forward. I think most importantly, we continue to see improvements in the well completions, in the frac technology, and so, we're hopeful that we go forward that those wells will get those returns up into the -- above 60% and down the road, as the years go down the road, we’ll be able to include those in our inventory. So, the reason we haven't listed those really right now is part of our 7,200 well locations is we're just not really focused on those. We're not drilling a lot of those right now, so we just didn't include them.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My follow-up hopefully is quite quick. I assume by the fact that you've revealed these four additional plays that you're done leasing, and I'm just curious as to -- do you have any additional opportunities to expand your position or have you moved on from those now in terms of new acreage, and I'll leave it there?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, on the new plays, I don’t think -- we wouldn't talk about them unless we had felt like that we captured the sweet spots. We did a very thorough geological evaluation and we have a lot of data, and we have really narrowed down the acreage to the, what we believe are the highest return areas of the play. So, the acreage numbers listed for each play are really the sweet spots where we think we'd have the best chance to make the best wells. And so we think we've captured that and there is probably additional zones or probably additional areas that would be productive, but we're really focused on the sweet spots and we have those captured.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the answers, thanks Bill.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Leo Mariani of RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Hey guys, you made some interesting comments about the Eagle Ford here. Wanted to delve a bit more into your comment about holding the Eagle Ford by production by mid-2014; once you guys are able to achieve that, what type of efficiency gains do you think you'll be able to capture through the drilling program. Maybe you can kind of speak to how you might manage development differently post that.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Leo, in the first quarter and then some in the second quarter, we drilled a lot of retention wells that means it's kind of the first wells on a unit to hold that acreage. And as we have completed that process, as we complete that process, it gives us the flexibility to go back in and really focus on each unit and begin to pad drill, drill those on pads, multiple wells on pads, and again, optimize our costs and then to focus on making the better wells and getting the spacing right and the completions right. And just able to, I think, have more efficiency and perform better as we go forward.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Any kind of sort of big picture or quantification could we see 5% to 10% efficiency gain as a result over the next few years?
Bill Thomas:  Yeah, Leo, I'm going to let Gary Thomas address that question.
Gary Thomas: Yes, Leo, with this now having the majority of our acreage, HBP here second half and ongoing, not having to spend money on roads, location quite so much. Also, the facilities gathering, all of that will be much reduced. It just improves our overall operations. We've drilled some of these wells in as little as 5.3 days, so our days per well will continue to decline with pad drilling. So we'll see certainly the 5% to 10% cost reduction.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, that’s helpful. And I guess just quickly on the DJ Basin here, you obviously talked about some sweet spots. I guess historically, there has been a decent amount of variability in parts of the DJ in both the Codell and the Niobrara. I guess you kind of laid out some of the wells that you guys have drilled here. What are you guys using for well controls in your programs, are there other industry wells out there and other data that you’re seeing that convinces you that the acreage position you’ve laid out are not all that variable at this point?
Bill Thomas: Yes Leo, we are quite a bit of sub-surfaced well data. With this about 130 wells that are located near our acreage or on our acreage that have defined these sweet spots in the Codell, and in the Niobrara also. And so we believe, you’re correct. The DJ Basin historically has been very variable, so there are sweet spots that really kind of set up by the basin architecture and it varies. We really believe with our good results that we’ve had from the drilling in this area and with our geologic mapping that that we have a spot -- sweet spot that will give us very consistent results. So that's why we’re focused on these areas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Wanted to try to jack that up a little some of the macro comments you made, with just how you're thinking about your investment and growth at the EOG level. Maybe I’ll start with gas here first. The outlook you delivered, I felt like, is a little more bullish on natural gas than what you’ve delivered previously. Obviously weather has probably played a role in that. You highlighted that it is contingent on producers been disciplined. Given your free cash flow and the gas, the acreage you identify on one of your slides, how does EOG stay disciplined and what would it take if anything to allocate some capital to gas, not necessarily taking out of oil but just allocating more capital to gas? 
Bill Thomas: Yes, Brian, I think we're mildly bullish on near-term gas that we think it will be in $4.50 to $5 range, and we are really not prepared and we really don't want to invest any additional money at this time in any dry gas drilling. The reason is because we want to really see what the long-term gas price is going to do, and that's going to depend a lot on what operators do at $4.50 and $5 gas prices. There's so much gas potential out there that it could easily drill a lot of wells and the price of gas would decrease. So, we really want to wait and be patient on that. You're right, we have tremendous amounts of very high quality gas assets, and we really would need $5.50 or a better price, and we would need to believe that that $5.50 or better price would hang in there for multiple years before we'd even think about drilling dry gas.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Got it, thanks and my follow-up is going to oil, big picture, you highlighted you're accelerating oil production per year on a barrel a day basis. I think it’s Slide 14 of your presentation, the midpoint of this year's guidance is about 64,000 barrels a day of growth. If we exclude the impact of the Conwy project, do you expect that this level will continue to accelerate in future years, and how does that juxtapose with your macro, your more optimistic macro view in terms of US light oil prices.
Bill Thomas : Well, we remain bullish on light oil prices. Certainly as we talked about from the macro view, we continue to see a tight supply worldwide and we do not see any pending crisis on overloading the system, the U.S. system, the refinery system to be able to process all that oil. So our focus is going to be to reinvest back into the highest return plays and the highest return plays, we fully believe in the next few years will be our oil plays. We will continue to -- as they prove up and continue to give us high rate returns, we will continue to add capital back into those. Of course, the focus will be Eagle Ford, Bakken, but now we have a good set of plays that we have a lot of opportunity to reinvest in. So our focus is going to be oil for quite some time. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: I mean you likely won't need 64,000 barrels a day of oil growth per year to have above peer average type growth, but do you see that 64,000 rising in terms – as a rate of growth.
Bill Thomas : I wouldn't say it would rise, but we think it will be fairly consistent.
Operator:  Next we’ll hear from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. 
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Yes, good morning thanks for taking my question, Bill, when you were talking about those four new plays, you talked about applying technology to the plays. I can think of at least three things that might mean, it might be the D&C cost, it could be high-grading the acreage and locations and it could be improvement of completion designs and associated well productivity. Can you give a sense for at least maybe the newer plays, the Codell and perhaps the Parkman? What progress have you made that brought those into the portfolio? What do you think the opportunity is going to be for continued improvement on those dimensions going forward?
Bill Thomas : Yes Charles, that’s a good question, it starts with the sweet spot, so we drilled quite a few Parkman wells and with that data and the other geologic data available, we've really narrowed down this acreage in the Parkman to the very sweetest spot. So we're focused on best play, that – it is a start. Then we brought in the completion technology as we've learned on all these horizontal plays and shale plays, the completion technology continues to advance. We're now seeing even in the conventional – more conventional rocks like sandstones that the improvements that we've seen in the shale plays also apply to those two. So the completion process I think has allowed us to increase the initial production on the rate, on the rates on the wells and the reserve potential on the wells. That along with the EOG been able to come in and apply our kind of shale cost reduction efforts in these plays, to reduce the overall cost, it's really improved the rates of returns on all these plays. So it's a threefold thing really and it really fits into EOG strength.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Got it, and then if I could go back and try one more time on the Eagle Ford inventory question, is this – the inventory that that's not in your number right now, is this in the oily window where perhaps the reservoir is not as productive or is this down dip in gassier acreage that maybe comes into the inventory when gas is it at 4.50 or 5 bucks.
Bill Thomas: Charles, no, it’s all in the oil window. And it’s in the areas where we may have a bit more geologic geo hazards. All thing and things like that. And it takes a little bit better effort on our part to get frac containment, and we have to change maybe the direction of the wells drilled in and we also have to work a bit harder at getting the frac more evenly distributed along the lateral. So, it's all oil and we have confidence as we go forward that we’re going to be able to continue to make improvements in those areas.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Good morning Bill. I liked your comments on your 10 years of growth in the Eagle Ford. Given that you model back, can you about how many years of growth do you see in the Bakken?
Bill Thomas: David, we have not done that extensive model in the Bakken yet, because we’re really in the initial stages of downspacing, and I want to ask Billy Helms to make some comments on that.
Billy Helms: Yeah, David, for our Bakken as we illustrated, we’re still very satisfied, very pleased with our 1,300 foot spacing test. But we realized that our NPV, net present value, was not maximized. So, we’re going to be doing lots of additional testing, we did talk about 700 foot spacing pattern and we’ll be testing some various spacing patterns as we try to define how to maximize net present value. This is a similar approach as we've done in most of our shale plays across the company. and until we really find out what that formula looks like, we're really kind of hesitant to state what the upside not be there, but certainly we will provide some more effort on that as we go forward the year, and we're very confident that we're going to have success there.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: On the maximizing NPV, one of the things we've talked a lot about is your IRR doesn't change much, but your EUR may decline per well as NPV goes up. Is that a fair characterization of how your downspacing could actually roll forward?
Bill Thomas: Yes, that's correct. Naturally, as you push wells closer together, you're going to end up having some sharing between wells. That's just inevitable. Our rate of return is still very, very high as you stated, but what we end up doing is adding a lot more recoverable reserves, and there is a lot more net present value to each spacing unit that we drill. So, that's kind of our overall process. And we're still early on in the space, certainly in the Bakken as we try to define that.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: And just If I may, one more follow-up on -- as you talked about NGLs, kind of 2016 plus. How does your significant combo play exposure factor into like your out-year plan and then we've seen -- we think we've seen a floor for NGL prices due to supply demand in exports, would you agree with that as you start thinking '15, '16 plus?
Bill Thomas: Yeah, David, I think NGLs kind of go along with the gas, and we are hopeful that the NGL demand will increase enough to firm up the price. But again, I think from a capital standpoint, we still are very focused on oil and really oil for the next several years is going to be where we're going to think we're going to get the highest return. So as we can get better NGL prices and gas price, both combo plays, we'll become competitive with our oil plays down the road and we'll put capital on those. But near term, we're still focused on oil.
Operator: Irene Haas, Wunderlich Securities has our next question.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities:  Hello everybody. You guys have been super quiet and super stealth about these Rocky Mountain plays, and congratulations to your new drilling inventory in Wyoming and Colorado. And my question for you is really has to do with the Powder River Basin. Can you help me with the 35,000 net acres, so just one layer or is it two, do they overlap? And then really parallel to this is, can we have some color on the geology, are these really -- real continuous play or you just have nailed the sweet spot, and lastly sort of transportation differential things of that nature to ship the oil out of Powder River Basin?
Bill Thomas: Yeah Irene, the Parkman is about 30,000 acres in the sweet spot, net sweet spot and then the Turner is about 63,000 net acres in the sweet spot, and much of that acreage does overlap, but not all of it, and each of those are both sandstone plays. And so we have quite a bit of surface data, and we've mapped the thickest parts of those sandstones and the most productive parts of it. So that's what those two acreage numbers take in consideration and those obviously we're going to make the highest return of oil in each one of those. Let me ask Gary Thomas to answer your question on takeaway for the Powder.
Gary Thomas: We've been really pleased with the various midstream companies. We're working with several and we're looking at – they're looking at booking in crude line that would come down from North Dakota through Wyoming to be able to pick up our DJ and our Powder River oil. There's also processing in place and companies that are interested in, yes, the expansion as well as put in new processing facilities. So, it’s looking very favorable. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Pearce Hammond, Simmons & Co.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Can you remind us the net resource potential or reserve potential for the Eagle Ford, when you first announced that play? Do you see the same thing unfolding with these new plays in the DJ and PRB?
Bill Thomas : Yes Pearce, the first number, I mean, the first one come out, it was 900 million barrels equivalent net to EOG and I would say the plays, the four plays that we've announced today, they do not have that upside potential. Obviously, we had 564,000 acres in the Eagle Ford and it’s a very continuous shale play. These plays in particular the Codell, the Turner, and the Parkman are sandstone plays. They're not really shale plays. So they are more defined geologically and really the acreage positions that we've outlined in each one of those is really the sweet spot and probably the best extents of those plays. On the Niobrara, of course it is a shale play, but again, we really think we’ve identified a sweet spot in that 50,000 acres there, and we believe that we’ll get consistent results there. Outside of that acreage that's not really proven to be consistent yet, so we'll just have to see as time goes on where we can maybe expand that, but right now we’re really focused on these individual sweet spots. I would say in the Niobrara, there are multiple targets there and the reserves that we’ve given in this guidance is just assuming one target and it’s assuming six wells per section. So, there is downspacing potential, additional targets in the Niobrara and then in the other plays there could be some downspacing potential there, but that's undefined yet. We’re just hopeful on all that. We’ll have to test that as we go along and if that becomes clear we’ll certainly talk about it. 
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: And then my follow-up is, how do you see service costs right now kind of across the – all your positions, are you experiencing any tightness, any service cost inflation?
Bill Thomas :  Pearce, we’re not seeing much, we’re seeing tightening on our drilling rigs. They’ve probably gone up in some areas as much as 5%, but as you know EOG has got so much of our services locked in and self-sourced that we’re not seeing any pressure otherwise. There is a little bit on just trucking, but that’s why we’re putting in our gathering system et cetera, just because these are going to be so long-lived properties, just to hold future costs down.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from David Tameron of Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: Hi, just a couple of questions, and I think you've addressed this partially, but could you talk about your desire to ramp and your production (will flow) faster, one additional way to bring NPV forward. So can you talk, address that as – I know you are at the upper end of your large cap here. So just address that, and then I'll have a follow-up on the Powder.
Bill Thomas : We're continuing to drill more wells, it's efficiencies in large part. And thinking of the Eagle Ford, yes, we're going to be drilling more wells this year than last, but with the same number of rigs. So we can say that's just continuing to improve our efficiencies and drilling more wells each year without a large addition of capital, even though we plan to spend additional capital on drilling and completion our E&P sector, future years.
Tim Driggers: Yes David, I'll kind of add to that. The Company is not so much focused on production growth. We're really focused on capital return, and that is what drives EOG. We're not interested in drilling low return wells to grow production. So we're going to very much stay focused and very much stay disciplined in our CapEx plans. So the plays have to have a very strong rate of return before we're going to spend money on them.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: Okay and then just, okay, that’s helpful and then thinking about the Powder, we've done obviously a lot of work on the play and just one thing that's always been a hiccup for people is kind of the gas processing or it seems to be at least the Powder, it has been a, I guess, maybe a more of a hurdle as a better way to approach that. Is that what you guys are running into? And if so, are there plans to address. I heard you talk about infrastructures specifically, is it more on the processing gas side or is it more crude takeaway. I assume those -- I know those are some rail projects out there et cetera. But can you just give us a little better snapshot on infrastructure?
Bill Thomas: We're working on the crude pipeline takeaway there. We believe that's going to be in place soon enough for us. As far the gas processing, that's probably the larger concern, but there is plant expansions in place. So we've got sufficient takeaway at this point and we think that it's going to keep us with our growth in the area.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: Okay. I’ll let follow somebody else jump in, appreciate it.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Amir Arif of Stifel Nicolaus.
Amir Arif - Stifel Nicolaus: On the DJ Basin, have you -- I know you mentioned in the EUR estimates only one time, but can you let us know if you've tested the different benches of the Codell and relative and similarly the Niobrara in the Laramie County?
Bill Thomas: Yeah Amir, on the Codell, you just have one target there and we've had good number of wells that we've talked about that we've drilled in that, so we feel great about that. On the DJ, in this area that we're focused on the sweet spot, we drilled one target so far, and it's been in the lower part of the Niobrara and that's the target we feel like will give us very very consistent results. We do have plans later in the year to drill a couple of patterns. The first pattern will be with four Niobrara wells in the lower target and three Codell wells and that's a seven well pattern. Then the second pattern later in the year, we're going to drill six Niobrara wells with three in the upper target and three in the lower target and then three Codell wells, so that's a nine well pattern. So as we drill those and learn how to continue to improve the completions and get into this pattern of drilling, we'll learn a whole lot more about the different targets benches in the Niobrara. And then also the Codell and how all those kind of relate with each other.
Amir Arif - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks for the color. And then the follow-up question is, just looking at the four new plays, I mean, great returns, great projects to add, but given that the size of 30,000 to 70,000 acres relative to your other plays. Can you just provide some color or comments in terms of the minimum acreage threshold you're looking at when you get into new plays and even some color in terms of where you think we are as an industry in terms of the resource capture and is that part of the reason why you sort of look at smaller acreage plays.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. I think we've learned off the plays, all these resource plays, that really to make the highest returns you really need to focus in the sweet spots and they're variable in size. Obviously, in the sandstone plays and that we talked about, they're a bit smaller. In the shale plays, they can be bigger, but in the case of the DJ basin, the basin has shown quite a bit of variability in the Niobrara there, so you have to be really careful. So that's why we've focused in only the 50,000 acres so far in the Niobrara there. But as far as additional play potential in the U.S., we do see opportunities and as we’ve said before, we have plays that we’re working on in different stages of identification and testing. And so we believe that it's going to be very difficult to find another Eagle Ford that have both the size and the quality, and another Bakken, which would have the size and quality. But we do believe that there will be additional plays that we can capture sweet spots on that will be additive to EOG’s inventory and that will be significant enough for us to focus on. So, when you have multiple hundreds of wells, that’s a nice play size and certainly a kind of thing we want to capture.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research: Pretty morning, got a bit of a two part question I noticed you’re carrying fairly wide spacing lifts in these new sandstone lithologies, is that because you think the footprints or the drainage areas are larger?
Bill Thomas: Bob, they do have -- they’re better reservoirs so they have better probability. But I think that's to be determined. We will certainly be evaluating the wells as we get them on these spacings and the frac patterns and the potential interference between the wells. And there could be some room for additional downspacing in the place as we go forward. It’s just typically EOG, we’re very conservative on our reserve estimates when we start these plays out, but that will be our focus is to maximize the NPV, and that's one way to do it is through additional downspacing. 
Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research: And as a follow-up, if I think about going back as far as say the Jake well, what's your strategy for either avoiding or embracing natural fracture systems out there in the front-range?
Tim Driggers: Yes, Bob that’s a good question, the Jake well was really targeted in a different part of the Niobrara than we're focused on right now, more of in the – what they call the chalk part, we call it the b chalk in the upper part of the Niobrara, and it's also, was very fracture driven. So, we have done extensive mapping on the Niobrara and this lower target, we believe will give us more consistency, number one, and then we also have 3D to identify the fracturing and identifying the faulting. Then I think the third thing is our completion technology has advanced quite a bit and those early wells we drilled were very small fracs with different completion styles. So we're going to be using our latest completion techniques and we think that will be beneficial also.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research:  But would you be targeting areas that are highly naturally fractured or you’d avoid those?
Tim Driggers: I think we want to really avoid those. There's always fracturing that's involved in these plays, but really looking for resource play that would be consistent, or we can get excellent matrix contribution. So that's the approach that we're taking. 
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Thomas for any additional or closing comments.
Bill Thomas : Thank you for listening. We appreciate all the questions. That's it.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Driggers - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Bill Thomas - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Billy Helms - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Leo Mariani - RBC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Matt Portillo - TPH Amir Arif - Stifel Joe Allman - JPMorgan Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company Bob Brackett - Bernstein Joe Magner - Macquarie David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Tim Driggers, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Driggers: Thank you. Good morning. I am Tim Driggers, CFO. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in Investor Relations page on our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO, Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer, Billy Helms, Executive VP, Exploration and Production, Maire Baldwin, Vice President, IR and Jill Miller, Manager, Engineering and acquisitions. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included a guidance for the first quarter and full year 2014 in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. I will start with fourth quarter and full-year net income and discretionary cash flow, Bill Thomas and Billy Helms will review operational results and year-end reserve replacement data, then I will discuss EOG's financials, capital structure and hedge position. Bill will cover EOG's macro view, our 2014 business plan and provide concluding remarks. As outlined in yesterday's press release, for fourth quarter 2013 EOG reported net income of $580 million or $2.12 per share. For investors who are focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain nonrecurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG's fourth quarter 2013 adjusted net income was $548 million or $2 per share. For the full year 2013, EOG reported net income of $2.2 billion or $8.04 per share and adjusted basis full year net income was $2.25 billion or $8.22 per share. For investors who follow the practice of focusing on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's discretionary cash flow for the fourth quarter was $1.9 billion. Using the same methodology for the full year 2013, EOG's discretionary cash flow was $7.4 billion. For the full year 2013, EOG's net cash provided by operating activities exceeded financing investing cash outflows. At December 31, 2013 debt to total cap was 28%. Net debt was reduced by $841 million during 2013, resulting in an ending net debt to total cap ratio of 23%, down from 29% at year-end 2012. I will now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss operations.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. 2013 was EOG's best year on record Over the course of 2013, EOG increased crude oil production growth targets three times and ended the year with total company oil production up 40% over 2012. This is a 44% average increase over the last three years. Our key assets the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard keep getting better and we continue to improve well productivities from these plays. The 42% increase in U.S. oil production last year is solid proof of the depth of EOG's drilling inventory. For the year NGL production increased 17% while natural gas production decreased 11% for a total company production growth of 9%. EOG cost structure is a focus area and for the fourth quarter and full year unit costs were lower than expected. The combination of increased growth from high margin oil with the decreasing cost structure flowed through our income statement and balance sheet, further deleveraging the company and generating a 16% ROE for the year, a big increase from 12% for 2012. We updated the ROE and ROCE charts in our IR presentation on pages 14 and 15 showing our improving metrics and a comparison of our results to our peers. While I discuss 2014 business plan in greater detail later on in this call, EOG is targeting 27% oil production growth in 2014. Given the strength of our balance sheet and the depth of our high margin domestic crude oil drilling inventory, we have increased CapEx levels over 2013 to accelerate drilling of the high rate return oil inventory. Last year, we added two new locations for every one well we drilled. With this strong operational momentum in our key areas of activity, we plan to keep it going. The biggest driver of EOG's outstanding crude oil growth during 2013 is the topic of one of today's biggest new items is Eagle Ford. For the third time since EOG discovered oil in the play in 2010, we have increased the net reserve potential. We now estimate EOG's total net reserve potential on our acreage to be 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. That's a 45% increase from the previous 2.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent estimate. This is a great example of the value of EOG's exploration focus and organic growth strategy by being first mover in capturing the best assets, we are able to grow them to the drill bit and improve them over time with in-house ingenuity and well completions. Our wells across the Eagle Ford continue to exceed our expectations. The Eagle Ford will again be our biggest oil growth driver and our highest of rate return asset in 2014. Last year, our Eagle Ford drilling program focused primarily on two aspects, number one, improving well productivity in the West. Prior to 2013, we had drilled very few wells on that portion of our acreage. Suffice it to say, our successful drilling program in the West was big part of EOGs growth in the Eagle Ford, and the continued high rate of return activity we recorded in the play last year. During the fourth quarter, the average IP rate of wells in the West exceeded the average IP rate of wells in the East. On a go-forward basis, we will talk about one Eagle Ford oil play as both, the East and Western areas are contributing more or less proportionally to the remaining reserve potential. Number two, improving reserve recovery and maximizing NPV, our goal was to determine the optimum well spacing while increasing well productivity and decreasing well cost. We will continue to work on these two goals. What we concluded was, first, our downspacing efforts proved even more successful than we have previously thought. While the optimum distance between wells will vary across the field depending on various geologic considerations, on average, the wells will be drilled on 40 acre spacing. Second, as a result, we have approximately 7,200 net locations, taking into account 1,200 net wells drilled to-date, we have 6,000 net wells remaining. This represents a 12-year drilling inventory at our current activity level. Third, based on our improvements in completions, we increased by 12% the net recoverable reserve per well, up from our previous 400 Mboe net per well to 450 in Mboe net per well. Multiplying 7,200 net wells by 450 in Mboe brings our total net potential recoverable reserves for the Eagle Ford at 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent with four years of production history from our early wells and database of over 1,200 EOG wells, we are confident in the long-term performance and potential reserve estimate of the Eagle Ford. Overall performance from the field continues to surpass our expectations. In addition, we reached an efficient manufacturing mode in Eagle Ford. While we still have further efficiencies and cost reduction goals, we have now reached the point of optimal drilling completion and operational logistics in the play. This year, we plan to allocate a larger percentage of EOG's 2014 drilling CapEx budget to the Eagle Ford and drill 520 net wells, up from 466 net wells in 2013. We currently have 26 rigs operating in the play. In summary, EOGs Eagle Ford asset continues to be the largest and most economic horizontal crude oil plays in North America and it's getting better. We simultaneously increased the EURs, reduced cost, and through downspacing, identified an additional 1,600 net drilling locations. Although we are increasing the well count this year, we still have 12 years of very highly economic crude oil drilling inventory in this single play. Now, I will turn it over to Billy to discuss the Bakken, Permian, Trinidad end reserves.
Billy Helms: Thank you, Bill. During 2013, we made significant progress with our Bakken and Three Forks completions that dramatically improved well productivity and individual EURs. These enhancements and the ongoing implementation of cost saving measures, including the use of EOG sand, have turned what was once a mature producing area into a higher rate of return oil growth assets. We continue to see plenty of opportunity on our Bakken core acreage by bringing the latest technology to this area that was initially sparsely drilled over five years ago. Recent core wells are the Wayzetta 30-3230H and 31-3230H which began production at 2,510 and 2,540 barrels of oil per day respectively. We have 59% working interest in these wells. The Wayzetta 35-1920H had an initial production rate of 2,240 barrels of oil per day with 1.2 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas. We have 60% working interest in this Mountrail County well. Using the same improved completion techniques in our Antelope Extension area, we are seeing similar enhanced IP rates and EURs. The Hawkeye 2-2501H had an initial production rate of 2,075 barrels of oil per day with 3.8 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas. We have 80% working interest in this well. In 2014, we expect to again grow crude oil production. Our drilling efforts will be localized in these same two areas, the Bakken Core and Antelope Extension, with the majority of activity in the core. We will continue to downspace in both areas and plan to operate a six rig drilling program. We have existing oil and pipeline infrastructure within the core and with the integration of EOG Sand into our Bakken operations, we will continue our focus on reducing well cost even further, while enhancing the productivity and recovery factor of the field. We plan to drill 80 net wells this year compared to 54 last year. EOG's total drilling CapEx budget in Permian will be essentially flat in 2014 from 2013. The majority of the Permian drilling dollars however will shift from the Midland Basin to our to higher return plays in the Delaware Basin, the Leonard and Wolfcamp. The largest increase in activity will be the Leonard play where recent wells have had excellent rates of return and we are continuing to make progress on our technical understanding of this outstanding play. The Leonard is EOG's third best play in terms of rate of return. To date, we drilled in A and B zones and have identified additional pay zones in our 73,000 acre net acre position. During 2014 we plan to develop the A zone with 8 to 10 wells per section. This base development program in a single zone will drive volume growth for the Leonard. We have exploration opportunities in other zones on our Leonard acreage and are testing multiple targets in spacing patterns, both between wells and also between runs. Three recent Leonard wells in Lea County, New Mexico came online with very strong oil production. The Vaca 24 Fed Com #5H began production last month at 1,520 barrels of oil per day with 265 barrels per day of NGLs and 1.5 million cubic feet a day of natural gas. The Vaca 24 Fed Com #6H had an IP rate of 1,380 barrels oil per day with 170 barrels per day of NGLs and 935 MCF per day of natural gas. We have 89% working interest in these wells. We plan a much more active year in the Leonard with 40 net wells compared to 17 last year. In the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp, we are gathering microseismic from several wells to further define optimal development for this multi-pay shale play. During 2014 we plan to test number of spacing patterns across various zones with the goal of maximizing recovery and determining the impact of any communication between wells. We also plan more active year in this play with 14 net wells. In Trinidad, we expect to be as crude contract takes for full-year, we have a development drilling program planned for the second half of the year to maintain stable production in the years following 2014. I will now address reserve replacement and finding cost. In total, we replaced 264% of production from all sources at a $13.42 per BOE all-in total finding cost. Proved developed reserves increased 19% and net proved oil reserves increased 28%. For the 26th consecutive year, DeGolyer and MacNaughton given independent engineering analysis of our reserves and their estimate was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered about 82% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying the earnings press release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding cost. I will now turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Billy. Regarding new plays, we have been saying for some time now that we haven't lost our focus on looking for new domestic liquids plays, primarily oil. In addition to increasing the recovery on our existing plays, we continue to look for new prospects and test new ideas. In our midstream operations, we are working with our partner rail companies. We have a strong emphasis on safety and our crude-by-rail operations. On our crude-by-rail our crude-by-rail continues to give us flexibility to access markets with premium process and plays a role in the ultimate destination of EOG produced crude. To summarize our operations, EOG has captured the best horizontal oil acreage in North America, and our high performance operational teams continued to execute superbly. Our wells are still getting better, unit cost continue to decrease and oil production continues to increase at peer leading growth rates. EOG has a long life inventory of crude oil and liquids rich drilling prospects with high after tax rates returns. We continue to focus on delivering high margin oil growth, increasing recoverable reserves and existing assets and generating new plays to ensure that EOG remains best-in-class through 2017 and beyond. I will now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Bill. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $15 million. For the fourth quarter 2013, total exploration and development expenditures were $1.6 billion, excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $93 million. There were $28 million of acquisitions during the quarter. For the full year 2013, capitalized interest was $49 million. For the full year, total expiration and development expenditures were $6.7 billion, excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligation. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $364 million. For the full year, total capital expenditures for all categories were $7.1 billion, excluding acquisitions. We ended the year below our guidance. Total acquisitions for the year were $120 million. During the quarter, net cash provided by operating activities exceeded financing and investing cash outflows. We paid off $400 million bonds that matured in October. For the year, total proceeds from asset sales were $761 million compared to the goal of $550 million. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 37% and the deferred tax ratio was 64%. We announced a dividend increase of 33% and at 2:1 stock split in yesterday's earnings release. The dividend increase is the largest year-over-year dollars increase in EOG's history. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with earnings press release for the first quarter and full year 2014. Our CapEx estimate for the full year is $8.1 billion to $8.3 billion excluding acquisitions. The expiration and development portion, excluding facilities, will account for 80% of the total CapEx budget. The largest increase in spending will come from drilling activity, primarily in the Eagle Ford and Bakken. For the first quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 40%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the first quarter and for the full year 2014. In terms of crude oil hedges, for March 2014, we have 181,000 barrels per day hedged at $96.55. For April 1 through June 30, 2014, we have an average of the 168,000 barrels per day hedged at $96.48. For the second half of 2014, we had 64,000 barrels per day hedged at $95.18. We have a number of contracts outstanding that could be put to us at various terms. For the period of April 1 through December 31, 2014, we have 10,000 barrels per day of options that could be put to us at approximately $96.60 on or about March 31, 2014, if it is advantageous for the counterparty to do so. For June 1 through August 31, 2014, we had 10,000 barrels per day of options that could be put to us at approximately $100 on or about May 30 2014. For the second half of 2014, we have 118,000 barrels per day of options that could be put to us at approximately $96.64 on or about June 30, 2014. For the first half of 2015, we have 69,000 barrels per day of options that could be put to us at approximately $95.20 on or about December 31, 2014. For natural gas, we have 330,000 MMBtu per day hedged at $4.55 per MMBtu for the period March 1 through December 31, 2014, excluding unexercised options. For January 1 through December 31, 2015 we have 175,000 MMBtu per day hedged at $4.51 excluding unexercised options. We also have a number of natural gas contracts that could be put to us at various terms. If counterparties exercise all such options, the notional volume of EOG's existing natural gas derivative contracts will increase by 480,000 MMBtu per day at an average price of $4.63 per MMBtu for each month for the period March 1 through December 31, 2014. For 2015, if counterparties exercise all such options, the notional volume of EOG's existing natural gas derivative contracts will increase by 175,000 MMBtu per day at an average price of $4.51 per MMBtu for each month during the period January 1 through December 31, 2015. Now I will turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Now I will provide our views regarding the macro environment and 2014 operations activity. Regarding oil, we are still waiting for the final 2013 EIA U.S. oil production data, but it looks like the rate of growth in 2013 slowed compared to 2012 and we expect this trend to continue in subsequent years. The October and November EIA monthly data indicates the rate of annualized production growth was approximately 760,000 barrels per day compared to 1.04 million barrels per day for the same period in 2012. We are still bullish regarding U.S. oil process because of slowing domestic oil growth and we are not particularly concerned about a surplus of U.S. light sweet oil. Regarding North American natural gas prices, our long-term view hasn't changed. We have obviously seen some relief this year due to the multiple shifts in the polar vortex this winter. We think natural gas prices will stay around the $4.50 level in 2014 and '15. On the plus side, we have taken advantage of some the recent prospects to layer in hedges. For our 2014 business plan, it is as follows. We plan to focus on high rate of return domestic crude oil growth. We are targeting 27% oil production growth this year and 11.5% total company growth. We have increased our CapEx budgets from last year because we have so many high rate of return opportunities to pursue. The greatest increases are in our highest return plays, the Eagle Ford and Bakken. The amount of CapEx dollars allocated to midstream infrastructure is also increasing. This year we plan to spend approximately 10% of our total CapEx budget on these types of projects to lay the foundation for future growth and to manage operational costs. Also for the sixth year in a row, we are not growing EOG's North American natural gas production. This is reflective of our view of the low return on natural gas investments. We won't drill any dry gas wells in North America during 2014, because we don't see a change in the gas oversupplied picture until the 2017-2018 timeframe. I want to leave you with some important summary points. First, 2013 was an excellent year for EOG, particularly in our three key plays, the Eagle Ford Bakken and Leonard. In the Eagle Ford, we moved beyond an assembly line of operation to a high precision manufacturing mode of delivering top quality individual wells. In the Bakken, we created a technical renaissance not only for EOG, but also for the industry. We changed our completion techniques and improved the well productivity. In the Permian Basin, we are shifting activity to the Leonard, where we made exceptionally good wells during the second half of 2013. Our Leonard is our highest rate of return asset in the basin. Second, in terms of capital discipline, we boosted our financial returns in 2013, while deleveraging the balance sheet. We generated strong ROE and ROCE numbers last year, 6% and 12%, respectively. We think this is a discriminator in a sector not recognized for financial returns. Additionally, we raised the dividend for the 15th time in 15 years. Third, EOG has captured the best horizontal acreage in North America and our higher performance operational teams continued to execute superbly. In March 2013, EOG became the largest producer of crude oil in the state of Texas and we continue to maintain that position. Today, according to HIS, EOG has become the largest onshore crude oil producer in the U.S. Lower 48. With our large, high-quality drilling inventory, we expect EOG to be one of the largest crude oil producers in the U.S. by 2017. Fourth, we ended 2013 with a strong balance sheet posted, peer-leading oil growth rates and increased our high margin oil opportunities set to drill bit. Finally, the increased budget and increased dividend rate are a function of EOGs confidence in our long-term business plan. It's the same business plan we have always had, capture the best assets grow organically and focus on returns. Thanks for listening. Now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Hey, guys. Can you talk a little bit more about the Eagle Ford in terms of some of the downspacing initiatives, I guess, you talked about in average of 40-acre spacing across your position here. Would you expect to see some interference at that level and is it possible for you guys to quantify that at all?
Bill Thomas: Yes. Thanks, Leo. That's a good question. The downspacing that we have done across the field we found that has been the spacing is very variable, due to different geology, different faulting situations at this different things across the field that we have to deal with. Some places, you know, we can drill wells as close to maybe 30 acres to 35 acres per well and in some places it's more like 50 to 60 and 65 acres per well, so it is quite highly variable. The number of wells that we have, again, were 7,200 total wells are based on actual well locations that we have put on the map in regard to the geology, the individual geology at each unit and the configuration of the leases, so these are not spreadsheet numbers. As far as the interference between wells, there is some interference in some areas and in some places there are not interference, so again it's really highly variable and that we have been able to overcome the interference and increase the well EURs with our frac technology. So the frac technology has definitely enhanced the productivity of the wells and it has enhanced the EUR per well. So we have quite a bit of confidence that the average EUR for the 7,200 wells we have is 450 MBOE per well.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. That's really helpful. I guess, just jumping over to your thoughts on oil marketing. I guess there is some concern out there among investors that too much oil is coming through the Gulf Coast over the next couple of years. Can you talk at all about your optionality in terms of moving oil going around? Are you guys able to access East and West Coast markets as well with your oil?
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo. Our crude by rail system gives us a lot of flexibility and we believe that will come in to play as we go forward. We have established markets in the East and West Coast but really our prime markets still remain on the Gulf Coast or LLS prices and an increasing WTI prices. So as we have seen, just really over the last few months, there's been some variances in the differentials between WTI and LLS prices and we have been able to take advantage of that, and we have been switching back and forth. So again our crude by rail system gives us a lot of flexibility to get our oil to the highest priced markets.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We will go next to Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Bill, I wondered if I could go back to the 460 EUR average. I am not sure how to ask the question eloquently. So I will stumble through probably. But what I am trying to understand is that's obviously an average and I am guessing there is some variability across the play. So what I am trying to get is, where are you concentrating the drilling inventory in the first part of the 12 years backlog you have got. In other words are you drilling better wells first on average or the lesser wells will be later on in the program? And if so, how should we think about your medium-term growth outlook? Then I have got a follow-up, please.
Bill Helm: Yes, Doug. That's a very good question. Our drilling is very well equally spaced and really as we look forward, we need to be thinking about the Eagle Ford as one play, because the Western wells and the Eastern wells are relatively same in the average EUR per well and there is a little bit of variability but there is really not much difference across the whole play. So whether we drill in the West or we drill in the East, our well results we believe will be very consistent going forward and that is certainly not front-end loaded with the best wells in the East and then later on we won't drill wells down the road. So I think you can look at the 12 year inventory we have is very strong and very consistent and we will have good results every year because of that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's very clear. Thanks for that. Then my follow-up is really on the midstream spending. I know you guys have said often the drilling consideration short-term, at least, to maybe do something structurally, by way of an MLP or something like that, but given the scale of your standing, I just wondered if I could ask you to frame your latest thoughts on that, has it even changed and if not, why is that not a thought that EOG would be interested in? And I will leave it at that. Thanks.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug. On midstream, we are very, very selective on how we spend our midstream dollars and the midstream dollars we have allocated this year and particularly have given us a very strong rate of return and are really focused on getting our oil to the market and decreasing our future operational cost and transportation costs. We are not at all interested in working on forming new MLP companies or making the company very complicated. We want to keep the company financially and structurally simple as we go forward. So it is easy to understand. And so our midstream is really just to enhance EOG's acreage positions and getting our products to market and keeping our cost low as we go forward
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess if I may, why then wouldn't you include the midstream cost when you look at your well economics?
Bill Thomas: Well, I mean, certainly the midstream costs are part of the whole picture, but really we are really focused on getting the wells drilled and getting the direct return of those the wells at a maximum and we are focused on that. Then we are always looking at the whole picture EOG has a lot of scale and were able to midstream dollars down to a minimum when we have a scale. We are really focused on the company on returns and increasing our ROE and ROEC numbers, so midstream really helps us do that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the answers though. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Yes. Good morning, everyone. If I could go back to the Eagle Ford spacing question, particularly the average being 40 acres and some other operators in the play are testing - they haven't confirmed - they are testing just down to 175 feet which would get you close to about 20 acre spacing, so I am wondering can you share what the close offset you guys maybe have planned '14 and what supposedly you have done today?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Charles. I think we have done some in the 300-foot range and that's 200-foot maybe down to 200 feet. Again, we push them pretty close together and the goal of course is to always to maximize the NPV of the acreage. As you push them too close together, you could start destroying the value, so these pilot programs that we put in and tested have given us a pretty solid understanding of the interference between wells and the spacing between wells in terms distance between wells, so we feel pretty solid at this point that on an average 40 acres is probably the optimal spacing pattern.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Got it. Thanks for that detail, Bill. Shifting over to the Permian your slides are very hopeful. It's obvious you look - cut by the Leonard play is a more attractive than the Wolfcamp play, because you are pretty classy there but, but I am wondering if your 2014 plans for the Wolfcamp, you might be able to go North and East from Reeves to perhaps in Worden, I think where you have seen higher oil cuts in that Wolfcamp play and if that's an option for you it is part of your 2014 plans.
Bill Thomas: Yes. For the Delaware, Wolfcamp our acreage is located kind of central Reeves and we do have some acreage up to the North and to the East in the northern part of Loving County and then in the Lea County that we believe are prospective for the Delaware Wolfcamp. Your correct it does get a bit oilier as you move that way, so into in 2014 we are really probably just focused on the Central Reeves County area. Then will be testing additional the Wolfcamp potential maybe later in the year in 2014 and in the 2015 as we go forward, but we are trying to work the play technically and increase the oil percentages as we go forward.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Great. Thanks. We will stay tuned on that.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matt Portillo with TPH.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Good morning. Just two quick questions for me, I was wondering if you can give an update to your Bakken downspacing test and how you I think about the upside to your inventory depths. Then I have a quick follow-up after that.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Matt. On our Bakken, we are continuing with 160 acre downspacing and we are studying very intensely the possible interference between the new wells in the existing older wells. Obviously the new wells had come in extremely good. We are very pleased with the results so far in our downspacing efforts and we will give some guidance on what all this means later down the road. We haven't given any time commitment on that. We really want to make sure that we technically understand where we are going and what this really means to recovery for our acreage.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Great, and then just a quick follow-up in regards to your out Midland Basin Wolfcamp position. You have a nice footprint there, although the asset looks like it doesn't compete on a rate of return basis within the portfolio today. How do you guys think about that asset from a long-term perspective in terms of it s strategic nature in your portfolio?
Bill Thomas: Yes, we want to certainly hold on to it. We are making some progress there in the Midland Basin. Our long-term view is that we can continue to improve the results there, establish the right spacing patterns and continue to reduce costs and also increase the well productivity and really focus on increasing the rate of return there. So we are going to leave it in the portfolio right now and see if we can get it up to the point where it can make its way back into our high return inventory.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Amir Arif with Stifel.
Amir Arif - Stifel: Thanks. Good morning, guys. First question really on the Leonard Wolfcamp. I know its early days there but I was just curious where do you think the 2% to 3% recovery factor that you are putting out there could go to as you better touch the downspacing and the timing around testing the downspacing to get a comfort on resources?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Amir. On our Leonard play, we are still doing some testing there, as you can imagine, on spacing and testing different target zones to really understand what the productivity in the long-term performance is going to be. We obviously are seeing improvements in that. So we are optimistic of what we might see on improvements in recovery factor but we still haven't quantified that yet. That's still a work in progress. So we will provide more data on that once we have it fully evaluated.
Amir Arif - Stifel: Yes. Just a follow-up question on that CapEx, the $900 million for facilities. Can you give us some more color in terms of what type of facilities and where that CapEx is going?
Bill Thomas: Yes. So two thirds of that is going to be in the Eagle Ford and that on lease facilities with us drilling more wells this year and we are going ahead and putting it in our oil and gas gathering lines. Put the new oil on pipeline. It saves us quite a lot on our transportation. Then we are putting it in an oil storage and pipeline facility there for the West. Gas processing facilities, SWD systems, water reuse facilities and that also includes artificial lift. We are putting that on quite a number of wells this year. So all that is just to reduce transportation, our LOE, realize higher prices, all long-term benefits for earnings.
Amir Arif - Stifel: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Bill Thomas: Good morning.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Hi, Bill. In terms of the increase in the Eagle Ford EUR and resource, what drove your decision to increase the EUR per well in that resource at this time? And then, what could make that EUR or the total reserves go up in the future?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Joe. The EUR per well increase was certainly up a lot of strong historical data. We have over 1,200 producing wells in the play right now. And then, we have done extensive pilot testing on each one of these downspacing patterns and through our completion technology, we have seen dramatic increases in initial rates per well and then the shape of the decline curve really has not changed. It's relatively the same shape. It's just that the well's initial rates have improved over time with better their completions. So that gives a better total EUR. When you have long-term production, you have enough data, like we do to establish and have a lot of confidence in that. So we have got a lot of confidence in that and as we go forward, we are hopeful that we will be able to continue to improve the well productivity but we certainly have not proven that yet, but we are going to obviously continue to work the technology. We are never going to give up and we are never going quit trying new ideas or new things. So we are in that process right now. We will just see how time will tell .As we go forward, we will see how it all turns out.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks for that. And then, on your gas production forecast for 2014, you are now looking at a decline in gas production, a short time ago you were actually looking over the next few years for a flat to modestly up profile for natural gas, so what changed in terms of your forecast for natural gas?
Bill Thomas: Yes. Joe, we look at our drilling portfolio and we have continued to shift money to the higher return plays, so one of the things we have been reducing is some of our combo plays, so we continue to reduce dollars from the combo plays which are more gassy, because of just a bit lower return than our high return oil plays, so that's really the shift that we have seen in the gas profile.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Yes. Bill, some other operators in Eagle Ford you talked about, the upper and lower Eagle Ford intervals being distinct zones within the play. Are you seeing the same trend cross some of your acreage?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Pearce. We do have that we have recognized that on a decent portion of our acreage and that's certainly an option that were looking at an exploring and may do some testing on that as we go forward to see if the upper part of Eagle Ford specifically has not been affected and contacted with the existing frac technology that we are using, so we have got that in mind and we are going to be working on that.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Great. Then my follow-up Bill, in Slide 31 of your presentation, you highlight your gas acreage. While I know right now you are focusing on oil because of the better rates of return, if you were to turn your attention to gas, which of these areas would receive EOGs primary attention?
Bill Thomas: The best acreage we have are in really probably some of the more combo-ish acreage. The Haynesville combo play is a really strong rate of return play for us. Also the highest quality dry gas that we have is certainly would be in Bradford County in Marcellus. Then we drill a few selective wells in South Texas in the Frio and Vicksburg area. There are good wet gas and combo and also very high rate wells and give us high rate of return, so those are three areas that probably will be high on the list.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Thank you Bill.
Operator: We will go next to Bob Brackett with Bernstein.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein: Hi. I will do a follow-up. You mentioned Frio Vicksburg wet gas wells. Are those conventional-type sand targets or there are any sort of shale plays you are chasing down there?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Bob. Those are really conventional plays. They are the typical Gulf Coast.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein: [Nanodarcy].
Bill Thomas: Yes. I would say they are mostly nanodarcy top reservoirs and so they are very high rate very, very specific prospects, not regional prospects. They are very specific.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein: Yes. Then following your language of captured the best asset is one of your strategic goals. Can you give us some flavor of what you might be doing this year, next year against bad objectives?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Bob. We have a nice working list of new prospect potential that we are working all the time and we are very, very focused of course right now on the oily-type plays and we are focused on only on plays that would be additive to our portfolio, so our portfolio is such a high return for portfolio that for a new play that work itself into our system, we are targeting only plays that we think that could generate after-tax rates of return greater than 50%, so we are being very selective on that. We have a nice list working, so we are taking her time to test those and to evaluate those to make sure that they are the kind of quality plays that we want to invest money in as we go forward, but we are confident that EOG is going to continue to be a leader in generating new plays as we go forward, so that will be certainly a nice part of additional resource potential for the company as we go forward.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Joe Magner with Macquarie.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Good morning. With all the updates provided on the Eagle Ford, I noticed that references to specific recovery factors weren't in the presentation any more. I was just curious with what you are seeing and understanding how the reservoir now, are there any changes to your access of original oil plays and/or those recovery rates?
Billy Helms: Yes, Joe. That's a very good question. The recovery factor is a work in progress and we are certainly not seeing any decrease of any oil in plays. We are learning about these resource reservoirs. We are learning more all the time. Of course there is no textbook on them. So we are trying to get a better understanding of that as we go forward and as we learn more about that, we will be able to update you with a bit more stronger technical information.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Okay, and then, I guess, just to circle back on the spacing and the prospectivity of your Eagle Ford oil acreage. The final plot of 40 acres to that entire position, it seems like there would be more locations than what you have provided. Just curious how you are thinking about risking and the delineation of that acreage position and if there is more work to be done over time? Just wanted to make sure I got that discussions right in my mind.
Billy Helms: Yes, Joe. The 7,200 locations that we have announced or talked about are actual sticks on the map. So they are very specific locations, not a spreadsheet calculation at all and those are all very firm locations. As we look at our acreage, there are other areas of our acreage that could be prospective and those areas, at this moment, we feel like fall below our rate return cut off. And although they would be productive, they are not weighed in our portfolio right now. So we have put a cutoff on rate of return, anything less than the 60% effect rate of return is not included in the 7,200 locations. So there could be additional upside. We are hopeful that we will be able to continue to reduce costs and improve well productivity in all the areas in a specific unit in the areas that are a bit more of return.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Good morning. Just speculate your midstream CapEx this year. How much does the spending this year impact 2014 in your realize pricing in OpEx guidance? And then should we assume further efficiency gains in 2015?
Bill Thomas: Yes, but some of this effect 2014 certainly. When we talked about our gathering lines here and on lease and our artificial lift, but you are right, David, what we are doing here is going to have impact certainly beyond 2014. A portion of this share is midstream and also even our sand facilities because we are seeing that, yes as we drill new wells, we have a need for additional sand and we are just ensuring that we have a long-term, low cost sand available to EOG.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: That was a perfect segue to my second question. So you saved $500,000 a well in Eagle Ford for using your own sand, roughly. As you take your sand to the Bakken this year and then the Permian next year, how much would you save per well using sand there, the EOG sand?
Bill Thomas: Yes. We think that we are going to be looking at the same sort of savings and we are working towards having us self-sourcing all of our sand for the Bakken. We are doing some of that now in the Permian. We believe we will be able to do that pretty well across the board for EOG.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. Thanks. That was my two questions.
Operator: We will take our next question from Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Thomas: Hello, Arun.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Bill, I just wanted to talk a little bit about the increase in the Eagle Ford resource. You added, I believe, 1,600 incremental well locations. Can you maybe quantify what drove that between downspacing versus opening up new parts of the plays you have done additional delineation drilling?
Bill Thomas: Yes. That's a good question. I am not saying the majority of it is really due to downspacing at this time, and that is and something we took great care and technically and use multiple downspacing pilot to determine these additional locations, so we found out certainly that it's very variable across the field, but the average is about 40-acre spacing between wells and that gives us the optimal net present value. We have a slide in the in the IR slides that show how that the net present value or per acre basis has increased over time as we downspaced and added additional potential, so it's a really good solid number but really most of the year increase is downspacing.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then Bill, as you shift towards '14 and '15, is the development plan now going to be just 16 wells per section? Is that how you plan to developing?
Bill Thomas: Well, it is variable across the field, so it's not a standard thing. It really varies from lease-to-lease, but certainly I think on an average 40 acres space is that we are proceeding ahead at this time and that looks like that will generate the best returns and the best NPV.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Okay. My follow-up is just on the Leonard. I believe, you guys mentioned optimism to do 8 to 10 wells per in a interval? Could you just comment on some of your early appraisal something in the Leonard?
Bill Thomas: Yes. It's a good question. Saying it's still early is a good point, because we are still testing multiple spacing patterns there as well. We do believe eight is certainly a very achievable number. We are going to be testing 10 A zone and we are still have additional zones there to test as well, so we are very encouraged about what we are seeing in the Leonard play based on our latest results and so were optimistic that the spacing pattern will prove itself out here as we go forward.
Operator: This does conclude today's question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Bill Thomas for any additional or closing remarks.
Bill Thomas: I just want to thank everybody for joining the call this morning and we look forward to a great 2014. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Executive Chairman of the Board Bill Thomas - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Tim Driggers - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President
Analysts: Leo Mariani - RBC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Tameron - Wells Fargo Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Biju Perincheril - Jefferies Phillips Johnston - Capital One
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources third quarter 2013 earnings results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Chairman of the Board of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2013 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate, by reference, the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President and CEO, Gary Thomas, COO, Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production, David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production, Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included fourth quarter and full year guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. I will first discuss third quarter net income and discretionary cash flow. Bill Thomas will review operational results. Then Tim Driggers will then discuss financials and capital structure. Finally, I will cover our macro view and hedge position and Bill will provide concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the third quarter 2013, EOG reported net income of $462.5 million or $1.69 per share. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG's third quarter 2013 adjusted net income was $634.3 million or $2.32 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the third quarter was $2.0 billion. Similar to the first half, EOG continued to hit on all cylinders in the third quarter. Our oil, NGL and gas production again exceeded guidance and unit cost beat the lower guidance provided last quarter. Because of continued strong Eagle Ford and Bakken performance, we are again raising our full year 2013 production growth estimate for oil from 35% to 39%. NGLs from 14% to 17% and total company's growth estimate from 7.5% to 9%. The impact of the high reinvestment rate of return Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard investments is also showing up in our EPS and cash flow numbers, as well as our ROE and ROCE ratios. This quarter's oil results provide further confirmation regarding our five-year plan where we expect to achieve most profitable and highest oil growth rate of any large cap independent as we have done in the past six years. No other large cap oil company has even remotely matched EOG's oil growth rate either in 2013 or for the six-year average and I am going to repeat that last sentence, because it bears repeating. No other large cap oil company has even remotely matched EOG's oil growth rate either in 2013 or for the six-year average. We continue to have no interest in zero profit North American gas growth and we will continue the high margin oil focus. I will now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss specific operational results.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Mark. I will start with our third quarter 2013 Eagle Ford results. During the third quarter, we continued to achieve 100% direct [after-tax] rate of return from both, the Western and Eastern portions of our 565, 09,000 net acres in the Eagle Ford, continuous improvement in well productivity and operational efficiency are driving cost down and production up. As a result, we now expect to drill and complete 460 net wells in the Eagle Ford this year, which is an increase of 20 wells since last quarter. We have been able to increase the planned well count every quarter this year, because we are going well faster and more cost effectively. In the West, we completed a number of the Mitchell Unit wells in order to earn acreage and establish multi-well development patterns. The [Unit] #1H began production at 2,195 barrels of oil per day plus 1.0 million cubic feet of rich gas per day. The press release noted. The Kaiser Junior unit #1H has the best well to-date in the West. The well came online at 2,815 barrels of oil per day plus 1.3 cubic feet of rich gas per day. The Nelson Zella Unit #1H and 2H began production on 1,960 and 2,810 barrels of oil per day plus 1.0 and 0.8 million cubic feet per day of rich gas, respectively. To continue pattern development of the River Lowe Ranch, We completed an additional six wells, the River Lowe Ranch #4H through 9H had initial flow rates of 1,970 to 2,115 barrels of oil per day plus 1.0 and 1.1 million cubic feet per day of rich gas. EOG has 100% working interest in each of these Western wells. The consistently strong drilling results from the West in the first three quarters have been a significant contributor to EOG's Eagle Ford oil growth in 2013. Page 19 of the IR presentation has an updated chart that shows average IP rates for our Western wells are 20% higher in the third quarter than the first quarter of this year. The continuous improvements in well productivity as a result of new frac techniques and the downward trend of well cost through operational efficiencies give us a high confidence level in the strength of our large drilling inventory on our Western Eagle Ford acreage. In the East, we continued the development of the Baker-DeForest Unit with the #5H, #6H and #7H, falling 3,200, 3,560 and 4,115 barrels of oil per day with 3.5, 4.1 and 4.4 million cubic feet per day of rich gas, respectively. We also began development of several new acreage units with the completion of the Justiss Unit #1H, #2H and #3H flowing 3,885, 3,560 and 3,940 barrels of oil per day plus 4.4, 5.0 and 5.6 million cubic per day of rich gas respectively. In addition, the Vinklarek Unit #1H was completed flowing 4,510 barrels of oil per day with 5.9 million cubic feet per day of rich gas. EOG has 100% working interest in each of these Western wells. As noted on our second quarter call, we continue to test downspacing patterns in both the East and West. The downspacing process takes time. The ultimate goal is to maximize oil recovery in the net present value of the acreage. In summary, EOG's Eagle Ford position and our operational team are proven to be the most powerful all oil growth offense in North America. Quarter-by-quarter, this asset continues to get better and better. We have many years of drilling inventory in this high rate of return play. Now I will shift to the Bakken Three Forks. We continue to seek outstanding results from the technical renaissance in frac technology that we started in 2012 in conjunction with our downspacing program in the core. Recent downspaced wells in the core including the Van Hook 126-2523H and 130-2526H with initial production rates of 2,235 and 1,910 barrels of oil per day plus 1,115 and 900 MCF per day of rich gas respectively. The Wayzetta 137-2226H and 150-1509H which began producing 2,500 and 2,320 barrels of oil per day with 1.2 and 1.1 million cubic feet per day of rich gas respectively. In the Antelope Extension area, we completed three excellent Three Forks wells in the first bench. The The Bear Den 100-2017H, 101-2019H and 23-2019H began flowing 2,100, 1,235 and 1,665 barrels of oil per day plus 2.0, 1.2 and 1.6 million cubic feet per day of rich gas respectively. We are encouraged by the Three Forks' potential in the Antelope are. We completed an excellent well in the second bench early this year and plan to test the third bench during 2014. We are now achieving direct a-tax rates of return in excess of 100% in both the Core and Antelope areas. We added two new slides to the IR presentation showing EOG's outstanding 2013 results. Page 23 shows EOG's 2013 completions have 58% more production in the first 100 days as compared to those completed in 2012. The same slide also shows year-to-date IP rates from these two areas are up 50% as compared to last year. Page 25 shows EOG compared to 20 different Bakken operators. EOG's average IP this year is 1.9 times better than the peer average. With a modest drilling program, we are going oil volumes and setting new production records. On our second quarter call, we increased our drilling inventory in the Bakken Three Forks from 7 to 12 years. With excellent results and our large inventory we anticipate increasing drilling activity in the Bakken Three Forks in 2014. In our Delaware Basin, Leonard and Wolfcamp plays, our third quarter activity was centered on drilling multiple well spacing patterns, testing numerous target zones and optimizing frac techniques to improve well economics and recovery factors. In the Leonard play, we completed a number of wells in Lea County, New Mexico. The Endurance 36 State Com #4H was completed in the B zone at an initial rate of 875 barrels of oil per day with 1.1 million cubic feet per day of rich gas. This is one of our first B zone tests and initial rates are excellent. We completed two new wells in the A zone. The Endurance 36 State Com #3H, 735 barrels of oil per day with 1.2 million cubic feet per day of rich gas. We are completing a number of wells the A zone and drilling a number of wells that we will test multiple targets zones and well spacing patterns. Year-to-date direct a-tax rate of returns have exceeded 100% of this drilling program, so we continue to be very excited about the Leonard. We plan to significantly increase activity in the Leonard next year with approximately 1,600 locations in inventory. The Leonard is a powerful part of our offensive arsenal that will enable EOG to continue to [legally] and high margin oil growth through 2017. In the Delaware Wolfcamp play, we have previously said that we were waiting on infrastructure. We can now report that as of October 1, gathering infrastructure is in place and operational. We are now ready to complete two multi-well patterns to test various spacing and targets. We plan to use microseismic to determine frac geometry and monitor production in order to determine optimal development patterns for our Delaware Wolfcamp acreage. We have more than 1,100 locations in inventory currently generating direct a-tax rates returns of 60%. Drilling for the remainder of this year and next will be focused on establishing optimal well spacing, completion techniques and evaluating multiple target zone the set this play for full scale development in 2015 and beyond. We now have approximately 134,000 net acres in the play. In Trinidad, we completed our Osprey platform drilling program, which should provide for flat production in 2014 versus 2013. In the East Irish Sea, the startup of our Conwy oil project is now estimated for late 2014. In addition to our ongoing efforts to increase recovery factors in our existing plays through downspacing and completion improvements, we have not lost our momentum or focus on searching for new reserve potential with domestic greenfield plays. To summarize, EOG has captured the best horizontal oil acreage in North America, and our high performance operational teams continue to execute superbly. Wells are getting better, unit costs are coming down and oil production continues to increase at peer leading growth rates. We have a very strong inventory of crude oil and liquids rich drilling prospects with high after-tax rates return. We continue to focus on delivering high margin oil growth, increasing recoverable reserves and existing assets and generating new plays to ensure that EOG remains best-in-class through 2017 and beyond. I will now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Bill. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $12.6 million. For the third quarter 2013, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.8 billion, excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $87.6 million. There were $89.2 million of acquisitions during the quarter. During the third quarter, net cash provided by operating activities exceeded financing investing cash outflows. Year-to-date, we have closed on asset sales of approximately $620 million and we expect approximately $750 million in total asset sales by year end. This is a $200 million increase from our previous estimate. At the end of September 2013, total debt outstanding was $6.3 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 30%. At September 30, we had $1.3 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $5.0 billion for a net debt to total cap ratio of 25%, reduction from 29% at year end 2012. On October 1, we paid off $400 million of debt that matured with cash on hand. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 36% and the deferred tax ratio was 65%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with our earnings press release for the fourth quarter and full year 2013. Our CapEx estimate for the full year is approximately $7.2 billion. For the fourth quarter, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 40%. For the full-year, the effective rate is estimated to be 35% to 38%. We have also provided an estimated range on the dollar amount of the current taxes that we expect to record during the fourth quarter and for the full year. Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I will provide our views regarding the macro environment, hedging and 2014 activity. Regarding oil, we believe that absolute 2013 total U.S. oil growth will be less than 2012 and this trend will continue in subsequent years. Through August, the EIA monthly data indicate 2013 oil production is on trend to increase 600,000 barrels per day on an annualized basis compared to 1 million barrels per day in 2012. We continue to be pragmatically bullish regarding oil prices, partially because we don't expect any large international shale oil plays to impact global supply for at least five years. In terms of 2014 oil hedges, we have 123,000 barrels per day hedged for the first half of 2014 at $96.44. For the second half of 2014, we have 9,000 barrels per day hedged at $95.30 per barrel. We have a number of contracts outstanding that could be put to us at various terms. For the first half of 2014, we have 64,000 barrels a day of options that could be put to us at approximately $99.60 on December 31, 2013, if it is advantageous to the counterparty to do so. For the second half, we have 10,000 barrels per day of hedges that could be put to us at $96.60 on or about March 31, 2014. Also, for the second half, we have 103,000 barrels per day of hedges that could be put to us at $96.60 on or about June 30, 2014. Regarding North American gas prices, I suspect I have a reputation as the most various CEO or former CEO in E&P business and I am not going to change that reputation on my last earnings call. I believe the gas prices will stay depressed until the 2018 timeframe. So EOG will not be in any hurry to generate a lot of gas deliverability. The current Marcellus location differential is likely just a harbinger of chronic Appalachian price dislocations that we will see over the next multiple years. Our gas hedge position is unchanged from last quarter. We also expect ethane prices to remain weak until 2018. For the third quarter, our average U.S. oil price realization was $2.74 above WTI within $0.01 of our guidance. This premium over WTI has shrunk considerably compared to our first half realization because WTI has increased relative to LOS. As EOG has done in the past, we will discuss our detailed 2014 business plan on the February earnings call. However, we can provide a few conceptual thoughts at this time. Assuming oil and gas prices are similar to the current NYMEX, EOG will likely ramp its 2014 activity in Eagle Ford and Bakken Three Forks plays above 2013 levels. In the Permian basin, our overall CapEx will likely be flat, but the spend ratio will shift dramatically from this year's allocation of 65% in the Midland basin, 35% in the Delaware to 15% Midland basin, 85% Delaware Basin next year. Also, we again plan to drill zero North American dry gas wells in 2014 because we see no light at the end of the gas oil supply tunnel until 2018. Now I will turn it over to Bill for summary remarks.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Mark. Now let me conclude. There are four important takeaways from this call. First, our third quarter and nine-month year-to-date results confirm that EOG's oil growth momentum is not diminishing. Our six-year compound annual growth rate is 38%, which is awesome when you consider this growth is 100% organic. Each of our three key plays has 12 plus years of currently defined inventory. So EOG is built for the long haul. Second, our unit cost control have been impressive, as evidenced by today's results and the full year guidance provided yesterday. Third, the vast majority of our CapEx is going into three plays yielding 100% direct after-tax rates of return, the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Leonard. These returns are showing up in the bottom line with nine-month non-GAAP net income, up 55% year-over-year increasing ROEs and ROCEs, our net debt ratio was reduced from 29% at year-end 2012 to 25% at September 30th. Finally, the board now have asked Mark to stay on as the a director after he retires at year end. I am happy to report that Mark has agreed to do so. This will provide additional continuity and experience to our board. Now I will turn it back to Mark for one closing remark.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Bill. This is my last earnings call and I want to thank everyone on both, buy and sell side for investing your time and patience in EOG story. I have enjoyed working with all you and have a sincere appreciation for all that you do. I am leaving the company in good hands with Bill Thomas and intend to keep my personal EOG stock holdings for a long time. Thanks for listening and now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) First, we will go to Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Hi, guys. A question on fourth quarter guidance here. Clearly you had really robust oil production growth in 3Q. You guys are guiding to sort of a lower increases in 4Q. Just can you give us some color on that that is a function of trying to stay within our CapEx budget this year?
Bill Thomas: Leo, let me put in a little bit of context. If you go back t 2012, in 2012 over 2011, we grow oil production 39% that year and actually our 4Q oil production actually declined versus 3Q. If you remember, there was a lot of concern as we exited 2012. People were saying, oh boy I am nervous by EOG's 2013 oil growth, because the trend line is 4Q production was falling relative to 3Q and it doesn't look good. Then look at results for 2013. We grow production again 39%, so if you look at it on a historic context, people shouldn't too nervous. Actually we are going to not fall in oil production, we are going to slightly grow in oil production 4Q over 3Q. There are some reasons for that. One is, we are going to be drilling some isolated leaseholder wells more than typical which as opposed to drilling more groups of wells, particularly in Eagle Ford and also some potential weather conditions in the Bakken, but if you just look at the 2012 trend and look at what we are projecting for 2013 and the fourth quarter, I think that should ameliorate any concerns now about what we are likely to do 2014. I am not projecting we are going to do another 39% oil growth in 2014, because obviously there are a lot of big numbers that's going to catch up with this one percent year-over-year, but no one should view the situation that oil growth in the fourth quarter is likely a slowdown our trend of a significant oil growth in 2014.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. That's really helpful color. I guess just in terms of frac technology. Obviously, you guys had talked about a lot better completions in the Bakken and I am certainly assuming that that's going to be applicable to other areas, Eagle Ford, Permian, et cetera. I mean, could you guys give us a kind of a ballpark on kind of what inning we are in in terms of just improving frac techniques and completions? I mean, it's just kind of the early days here and can we expect a lot better improvements in recovery in your key plays going forward?
Bill Thomas: Yes. That's a good question, Leo. The frac technology that's really making a big impact of the Bakken as actually we brought that from on the shale plays with mainly the Eagle Ford cut completion process that we have been so successful in that play with. So it is improving really in all of our plays. Basically, there is a lot of simple fundamental things. We have had a big advantage with our EOG sand. As a company, it has not only provided very low cost and help us reduce our completion cost, it's also really helped us technically to be able to experiment more, to use more sand and that is a big part of the reason our wells are much better. I would say, we are probably in the fifth or sixth inning, if you had put in baseball terms, on where we are on the completion technology process. We continue, quarter-by-quarter, to make advances and we are learning all the time. The EOG culture is that we are never satisfied and we never quit thinking and experimenting and trying new things and really thinking out-of-the-box on new technology in all areas. So we are going to continue to press on and we are hopeful that we will have continued new improvements as we move along.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Well, that's great to hear. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Next, we will go to Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Mark, hi. Congratulations. You have left a heck of a legacy behind you. I have got a couple questions, if I may. Maybe a follow-up on Lea zone on the completion. There has been a lot of chatter, obviously. I think you guys have been out and about talking about some of the things you have been doing in particular in the Bakken as you transferred some of your Eagle Ford (inaudible). Could you just help us a little bit with how you are seeing the impact of some of these changes in terms of very, very high IP rates, obviously but is this also translating into higher recovery rates? And if so, I guess I asked this question on the last call, why have you not yet decided to lift your EURs, particularly in the Eagle Ford?
Mark Papa: Yes, that's a good question there, Doug. Thank you. The whole process on all of these horizontal wells is connecting more rock to the well and so we are very focused on doing that and also with a real strong effort on the frac geometry, trying to keep the fracs closer to the well. If you connect more rock, you are hopeful that recoveries and the total recoveries of the field will go up, but we have not really proven that yet. We have proven it two times with two generations of downspacing in the Eagle Ford and we are currently on the third one. So we are really watching what we are doing. It takes quite a bit of time to establish and determine specifically if there is any increase in reserve potential or changing of the EUR per well and we are just not there yet on this third generation in the Eagle Ford. So when we get that done, we will certainly pass that on. That is going to take a bit more time. We want to be able to technically be accurate any numbers that give to you. So we are very careful to do our homework and to do our work right and to provide you really with record numbers and that process does take some time.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you for that.
Mark Papa: Yes, Doug. Sorry, a little addition on that. Our view is that the industry has just been a little bit flippant with numbers. Reserves had been just floated about on essentially all plays. Billion barrels, 5 billion barrels, BOEs and it is just numbers that we think is just keep in the reserve estimating system a little bit but people just throwing number that offhand and EOG has not really joined that party. We, on the other hand, have been very cautious, very judicious in the numbers that we have given and we like to think we set our standards a little bit higher than most other companies have done when they issue reserve numbers and particularly with Eagle Ford. We just take a lot longer to qualify our numbers before we issue them. So that's a little bit of a difference. I would like to say, our standards are higher before we issue numbers on Eagle Ford, but we are certainly reviewing. When it meets our standards for potential reserve upgrade, we will certainly let everyone in the investment community know.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. My follow-up, a really quick one, I guess we were all watching your balance sheet improve and expecting stuff like free cash flow next year, but should we given your comments and stepping up activity, should we be thinking that you are again spending cash flow next year, but obviously with a substantial step up in activity and I will leave at that. Thanks.
Mark Papa: What you should read through on the comments on the comments we made on the 2014 CapEx is that if oil prices stay where they are now then we will likely step up our CapEx over the 2013 levels. That's the only thing we are really saying at this point. We have not made any comments relating to free cash flow and we think at this point we should be in a decent position relating to that, but we are looking at accelerating our overall CapEx. The degree of acceleration is yet to be determined though.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks again. Congratulations yet again, Mark.
Mark Papa: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: Hi. I will echo what Doug said, Mark, congratulations on (Inaudible) the company and doing what you have done there.
Mark Papa: Thanks, David.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: Let me just take the free cash flow question one step further. If we think about, if we start looking at next year and you can choose whether or not generate free cash flow, but if you look at the 15 pretty powerful cash flow generation. How should we think about how are you guys going to allocate capital over the next two years?
Mark Papa: Yes, David. We are set to have very, very strong cash flow growth in the company and we have given guidance on the counter priorities that number one, we want to continue to have a healthy increase in the rate of dividend growth in the company, so that is number one. Number two, you know we are committed to be a low debt company and to work that net debt to cap ratio gradually downward over time and then the big part of the capital what's left over will go to our best plays. We are going to be very very focused on capital discipline and capital efficiency and we are going to focus the capital where we can achieve the highest rates return. Fortunately for EOG, we have a lot of opportunities. Of course, you we are getting very high rates return on the Eagle Ford, and the Eagle Ford will continue to get more money each year. The Bakken, with the dramatic improvements we have had in it is now equal you know to the Eagle Ford in returns in excess of 100%, so it will get more money each year and we have built the Leonard play into a very successful play and have a very large inventory in the play also with 100% rates of return, so those plays will be first on the list to get more capital each year. The company is really in great shape to continue to grow cash flow strongly and also to have very strong capital returns and capital efficiency as we go along.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: Okay. Let me ask a little bit different way. [2015], could you draw - can the organization today handle another $1 billion, $1.5 billion capital, what you do in '14 or first should we look for - Obviously balance sheet is down. I mean, are you guys looking at dividend increase (Inaudible) '15free cash flow numbers. What happen to that?
Bill Thomas: Yes. I think we are going to have to lag and be a bit caution on giving guidance for '15 at this point and we will see how that all go along. I mean, we are going to be, as I said the capital efficiency in the return on the reinvestment capital is really our primary focus and I believe we can continue to improve that over time, which will directly go to the bottom line of the company, so we are going to be very focused on that and be very diligent about spending and staying disciplined. As I said the dividend increase certainly will be the first part of our priority and will just discuss that as we go along and kind of watch the returns of the company and where we on the capital.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: All right. I will let somebody else jump on. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Next, we will go to Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Good morning and congratulations, Mark for a well-deserved retirement.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Pearce.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: My first question is, in the Eagle Ford, you have a nice downtick in your drill times. Down to nine days. Previously you were less than 12 days. Just curious, using that baseball analogy from earlier, how many handy flips or innings do you think you are in as far as this drill times in the Eagle Ford?
Mark Papa: As far as the Eagle Ford, with us saying nine days, we would say, probably again we are in the sixth, seventh inning there. We are just continuing to work on our consistency. We have had many wells that are quite a bit faster than that. So we are please with the improved consistency with our drilling operations here. Our record day is five days.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Thank you, and then my follow-up, just coming back to the activity, as it relates to next year, reading on the '14, guidance that you have provided in the prepared remarks. Do you think that this means a higher rig count as well as higher well count or more a flattish rig count but given the improvement in drilling times, et cetera, that we would see higher well count?
Mark Papa: We expect that our rig count is going to be similar to what we had this year. We had a peak this year of 56 rigs and we probably averaged somewhere around 50, but we expect just continued improvement with rig efficiencies. We have upgraded our entire rig fleet and we fortunately now have, what I would just classify, is just premium rigs.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Excellent. Thank you very much and congratulations, Mark.
Mark Papa: Thank you.
Operator: And now we will go to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking my question. If I could first just go to the capital allocation part of your discussion here. Looking at the results up in the Bakken, it looks like you have had great results not only with that infill program in Core but also with the Three Forks over in Antelope Extension. So could you talk a little bit about how you are thinking of prioritizing the incremental ramp in that area between those two efforts?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Charles. We have had some very excellent results. As we talked about, we have had a number of good wells in the Three Forks in the first bench and then we did complete an excellent well in the second bench this year and these recent wells have all been done with the same new completion technology that we are using in the Core. It has been very successful. So we have, and particularly in the Antelope area, we do believe that we have potential in the third bench and possibly in the fourth bench in the Antelope. So as time goes along, we will be testing those and working on what kind of development patterns and spacing that we can develop the Three Forks (inaudible) and there other areas in the Bakken in the Williston Basin Bakken acreage that we do feel like that could be additional Three Forks potential that we have not drilled. So that's the step-by-step process we go along and learn more about the Three Forks. So as we said, we are getting extremely strong rates of return in the Bakken. We have 12 years of inventory there. So as next year and the years go along, we believe that we will be drilling more wells each year in the Bakken and that's really the whole Bakken Three Forks has, even with our modest drilling this year, we have been able to continue to grow production there and we are setting production records there quite often in the pocket, even with the modest programs. So we have got some good expectations as we go forward.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Got it. Thank you for that detail, Bill. Then one other thing, and this maybe a little bit more conceptual. When we look at the, and I really appreciate this new slide where you are showing the 2013 mini drills versus the 2012 and how the cumulative production you have had that in 20% or 30% or 50%, 60% increase, and I was wondering if you could characterize that as how much of that is a function of capital that you are putting into the well whether through more stages or big fracs and how much of it is more kind of a free benefit from a better design?
Bill Thomas: Yes. There are several things going on. Obviously those are normalized on a per foot basis, so that takes out the lateral length. As we have learned in all these plays as I said before, connecting more rock and connecting that rock that closer to the wellbore is the goal that we are working on. As increase the amount of sand that we put in the Bakken, we feel like we are also doing a much better job of distributing that sand and the fluid frac along the lateral more evenly, so that helps to connect more lock and get more of the oil in contact with the well, so what we are seeing on these wells with the new improved frac is that when they come on really knocks our peace as we reported, but they also have a little slower decline rate than the initial wells. They hold up better and so the initial whether it's a 30-day rate or the 100-day cumulative production are showing quite a bit of improvement, because we are moving that oil forward in the production lot for the well, so it's nice, good, successful technical renaissance that we are achieving there in the Bakken and seeing really good results because of it.
Operator: Now, we will go to Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Hello. Mark. This is Irene. Congratulations and we will very much miss you in this capacity, but we look see around oil hedge and one last question, why 2018 is the year that we would see the light at the end of the tunnel and then a way out to the gas glut.
Mark Papa: I am going to miss you too, Irene. I believe in 2018 is when we will have the first significant impact of the of gas exports in way of LNG from these converted former LNG import terminals. I think that's when we will really have the first meaningful impact and I think that may have some impact on prices, so that is kind of the that way I see things.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, congratulations and best of luck as well. You mentioned Greenfield exploration remains a commitment, I wonder even if you can't provide specifics, if you could characterize what we should expect from your exploration program in terms of size or production impact in the next few years and how impactful brownfield opportunities like water floods in the shale could be?
Bill Thomas: Yes, Brian. Certainly, as you said there and noted that exploration has not lost any focus [Leonard] EOG. We still have same people, the same culture and the same focus on that and I truly do believe EOG will continue to be a first mover in that area as we go forward. As you also noted, we are reticent talking about new plays for a number of reasons and we really don't want to talk about any specifics of those plays until we have some meaningful results to report. Then in the secondary recovery efforts, I think, EOG will also be a leader. We don't know any other companies really working on secondary recovery in the Eagle Ford. As we reported earlier, we have a dry gas injection pilot program going on in Eagle Ford and that will take a good bit of time to determine whether that's going to be successful and whether that's the proper method on that. Then we also have water injection pilot going on in the Bakken, and that will take some time too, so we fully are committed and I really do expect that EOG will be a technical leader in the shale plays, and new plays and secondary recovery and also cost reduction. We just got a culture in the company that is very focused on all that and we are going to be taking that forward.
Mark Papa: Brian, this is Mark. Let me add something to that, because I did get a chance to (inaudible) note this morning where you made a comment or words to the effect that EOG's valuation was still quite low because there seems to be a perception that EOG didn't have the reserve life that company didn't generate the production growth that we had or exhibiting because of difference in reserve life and EOG was perceived to have great production growth but not its own reserve life. Here is to real-world examples from the two biggest oil assets in North America relating to EOG. At the beginning of this year, I think most everybody viewed EOG's Bakken position as a static position, kind of a non-growth position and look at it now. Now, we are making the best wells in the Bakken. We view it as a considerable growth position and we are quite excited about it and I believe that everybody is looking at it as a growth position for EOG on a go forward basis. Second one is the Eagle Ford. A year ago everybody said, yes, EOG is hitting grand slams daily in the Eastern Eagle Ford but in the Western Eagle Ford, everybody knows lower quality and EOG is not going to do as well in the Western Eagle Ford. That was just 12 months ago. Look at our results now. We are getting 100% rate of return in the Western Eagle Ford and we are getting 200% rate of return in the Eastern Eagle Ford. But the highlight of our last two earnings calls in the Eagle Ford has been the Western Eagle Ford. So in the span of 12 months, we have taken our two best oil assets and taken what was perceived to be weaknesses, lack of growth in the Bakken and Western Eagle Ford and turned them into major strengths in both areas. And that's one thing that I think you can continue to see from EOG is that the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, the two best oil plays in the United States are going to continue to turn out to be overall grand slams for EOG for at least the next decade plus in addition to the greenfield work and the secondary recovery work we have. So we hope that our investors would see the lessons that has shown up here in the last year and certainly take a look and say, who is generating the results among all the E&P companies. We think results matter and we will stack our results up against any company in the business.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. That's helpful. Go ahead.
Mark Papa: Okay.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Yes, thanks. that's helpful. I guess as a follow-up, shifting to the Permian Basin. You mentioned in your opening comments that you are shifting more to, you are going to start doing the multiwell spacing in targets in the Delaware Basin stating with the microseismic. Can you just add some color on what your base case expectations for multiwell development would look like and how play zones you are planning on developing there?
Bill Thomas: Yes, in the Delaware Wolfcamp, we will focus on a very nice sweet spot in the Wolfcamp there and today we have completed four wells there in three different play zones and those play zones are located in the upper part of the Wolfcamp. The upper part of the Wolfcamp, we believe will tend to be a bit more oily than the lower part of the Wolfcamp. So we will be testing additional zones there. The actual Wolfcamp thickness there is very thick like somewhere around 2,000 feet of total thickness to work with and there are numerous additional play zones that we have not targeted or tested yet but the goal is, we are completing a couple of patterns now on different spacing, well spacing and different targeting geometries and we will do some microseismic on some of those and work on the frac geometry on how to contain the frac close to the well and to make it complex to where we are connecting more rock and just see what that is in respect to the spacing that we are drilling the wells on and also production, results of all those different things we are going to do. It's a process that it will take some time. It will take several years really to figure out the most optimum way to do it just like it has been in the Eagle Ford, but the recovery factors for the total Wolfcamp at this point are very low. Our goal would be to hopefully increase those recoveries as we go along, so, we have got a lot of work to do there but the good side of all this is that this Delaware Wolfcamp, had target rates of return of 60%, and so it is a very strong rate of return play for us already and hopefully we can improve as we go along.
Operator: Next we go to, Biju Perincheril with Jefferies.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations, Mark. My question is if I would go back to the completions one more time and look at the - Bill, I think you mentioned that you are seeing 30 day rate and I think 90 day rates, but if you look at the decline curves of the new completions versus the previous completions? Are you seeing the higher rate holding up or do you see a curve eventually converging? Wondering why the hesitancy on (Inaudible).
Unidentified Company Representative: Biju, do you have it on speaker?
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: Can you hear me better now?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, Biju. Thank you.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: Okay. Sorry about that. Yes. I was wondering about the declined curves on the new completions versus the older completions. Are you seeing the new curves consistently staying higher or do you see them eventually converging as you get to the tail portion of the production curve?
Unidentified Company Representative: In the Bakken?
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: In the Bakken. Well, new completions in general in the Bakken and Eagle Ford.
Bill Thomas: Yes. In the Bakken, specifically yes we are seeing that the initial part of the production of the well are holding up and the decline rates are a bit flatter than the older wells. It's because the fracs are bigger and more expensive and we are just connecting more rock to the new completions than we did with the original wells that we completed in there. In the Eagle Ford, we have got multiple things going on there. We are downspacing as well as working on frac technology at the same time, so we are still in the process of learning of that and so I would say comparing the Eagle Ford decline rate is maybe a bit more difficult than the Bakken at this point.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: Then the hesitancy on commenting on reserves whether you are seeing how much of an EUR uplift that you are seeing is that simply wanting to see more of that data or is there other factors that come into play here?
Bill Thomas: No. Specifically, we need more comp, because you just can't go by the early time of the well. You really need to have enough production time to get a good read on the total production of the well. Again, as Mark commented, we are very, very cautious about coming out with new EURs per well, our new recovery fractures for any of our plays until we have had the very thorough technical review of that and had enough time to really evaluate it and to make a good call on it.
Operator: Next, we will go to Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One: Hi, guys. You alluded to this in your prepared remarks, but your Eagle Ford wells continue to generate returns above 100% even in the West now, which likely suggests suboptimal spacing. Obviously, downspacing continues to be a work-in-progress and it's going to take more time and I am just wondering how you are thinking about the tradeoff just between per well returns and NPV per section, whether or not you think it makes sense for further downspacing to accelerate NPV per section even if means that our returns fall down in the, call it the 50% to 75% range.
Bill Thomas: Yes, that's exactly what we are doing. We are very focused on that NPV of the asset and the particular lease. So the returns are certainly a part of that but we are also reducing cost at the same time on the wells and it's a balancing act. So we are very, very focused on generating the maximum NPV for that particular lease of that particular asset and that's the goal that we are focused on. And that's the reason it takes a bit of time to determine that. You have to really give the wells. You have to do things and then give wells enough time to respond and to monitor that and to model that.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One: Is there a minimum sort of per well IRR that you would be willing to live with if it meant accelerating the NPV?
Bill Thomas: No, accelerating the NPV is the goal.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One: Okay, got it, and then just getting back to the subject of free cash flow. At this point, it looks like even your Eagle Ford program is now free cash flow positive. So I am just wondering if you have reconsidered at all this strategic value of keeping some of your mature legacy assets and if so, does it now make sense to monetize some just to highlight NAV of your growth assets?
Mark Papa: I think we have, over the last several years, sold $4 billion of assets. Though it's not likely in our 2014 plan that we are going to have significant asset sales as we see it now. I think right now maybe $700 million worth of assets sales but not a larger amount of asset sales, as we see it now. So don't look for a big strategic repositioning, as you may be suggesting. (inaudible).
Phillips Johnston - Capital One: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Mark Papa: Yes.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. So I would like to turn it over to Mr. Mark Papa for any more additional remarks.
Mark Papa: Well, in my remark, I would say, I am going to miss you all. Thanks for everything.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. We thank everyone again for their participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Executive Chairman William R. Thomas - President and CEO Gary L. Thomas - COO Lloyd W. Helms, Jr. - EVP, Exploration and Production Maire A. Baldwin - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Portillo - Tudor Pickering & Holt Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Marshall Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management Raymond Deacon - Brean Capital Charles Meade - Johnson Rice
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the call over to the Executive Chairman of the Board, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2013 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President and CEO; Gary Thomas, COO; W. Helms, Executive VP, Exploration and Production; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included third quarter and full-year guidance in yesterday’s press release. This morning we’ll discuss topics in the following order. I’ll first discuss second quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, then Bill Thomas will review operational results. Tim Driggers will then discuss financials and capital structure. Finally, I’ll cover our macro view, hedge position, and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the second quarter 2013, EOG reported net income of $659.7 million, or $2.42 per share. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income, to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG’s second quarter 2013 adjusted net income was $573.8 million, or $2.10 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG’s DCF for the second quarter was $1.9 billion. Similar to the first quarter, EOG continue to hit on all cylinders in the second quarter. Our oil volumes considerably exceeded guidance, our unit cost beat guidance and EOG’s realized domestic oil prices were at a significant premium to WTI. As a result of our exceptional performance in the first half of the year, we’ve raised our full-year oil growth estimate from 28% to 35%, reflecting total organic growth of 55,000 barrels of oil per-day year-over-year. We’ve increased our NGL growth estimate from 10% to 14% and we’ve increased our total company overall growth target from 4% to 7.5%. The oil growth target increase is emanating primarily from the Eagle Ford, with contributions from the Bakken and Delaware Basin. The impact of our domestic onshore oil portfolio in the high rate of return Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard is showing up in the bottom line as demonstrated by our first and second quarter EPS results, which will show up as a stronger full-year ROEs and ROCs. On the previous earnings call, we outlined our five-year plan where we expect to continue to achieve the highest and most profitable oil growth rate of any large cap independent, through 2017 and this quarter’s results or another building block in that plan. I’ll now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss specific operational results. Before I do, I want to congratulate Bill on this new role as CEO. He has been with the Company for over 34 years and knows the assets inside and out. This makes him well qualified to deliver on a five-year plan and guide the Company for many years beyond that.
William R. Thomas: Thanks, Mark. I will start with our second quarter 2013 Eagle Ford results. EOG’s Eagle Ford acreage continues to prove that it’s the premier horizontal oil position in North America. During the second quarter, we consistently completed strong growth in both the Eastern and Western portions of our acreage that drove our record production results. In addition, drilling and completion improvements continue to drive down oil costs. As a result, we’ve the lower, the average completed well costs in the Eagle Ford from 6 million to 5.5 million and increased the number of wells we plan to drill this year from 425 to 440. Fine tuning this engine with continuous cost reduction and improved well productivity makes EOG’s Eagle Ford acreage the strongest oil growth and capital return machine in North America. And the best part is we have a 12-year drilling inventory on this play that will provide many years of oil growth and superior capital returns. In our Western acreage, we’ve drilled a large number of wells allowing us to fine tune our completion technology. We are now making oils with rate of return that are approaching wells drilled in the Eastern part of our acreage. In La Salle County, The Keller number 1H and 2H had initial daily production rates of 1,855 barrels of oil and 2,050 barrels of oil with 590 and 400 Mcf per day of rich gas respectively. The Smart number 1H and 2H began production at 1,495 and 2,030 barrels of oil per day with 480 and 610 Mcf per day of rich gas respectively. In McMullen County, the Naylor Jones B number 1H started production with 1,830 barrels of oil per day and 1,920 Mcf per day of rich gas. EOG has 100% working interest in each of these wells. To show how wells have improved on our Western acreage, the updated IR presentation includes slides that show well IPs marching upward as a result of better frac techniques and longer laterals. As an example, slide number 21 shows that the Keller and Smart Unit wells drilled in 2013 are 30% better than offset wells drilled in 2012. In addition to making better wells we are driving down well cost through efficiencies. Slide number 22 shows spud to TD drilling days continued to drop with wells in 2013 down to less than 10 days. As a result, our 2013 well cost has decreased by $1 million per well in certain areas from 2012 levels. With the combination of improved well productivity and cost reduction, our Western drilling activity now has an average direct a-tax rate of return in the 100% range, on par with many of the wells in the East. In the East, we again set a new record with the completion of the Burrow Unit number 5H which had an initial production rate of 7,515 barrels of oil per day and 6,880 Mcf per day of rich gas. Consistently the number one driver for better wells in all areas is improved by techniques and that's the case for the Burrow 5H. Also in the East, we completed the Wilde Trust number 1H, number 2H and number 3H wells with initial rates of 5,475, 6,520 and 5,525 barrels of oil per day with 7,040, 5,690 and 6,200 Mcf per day of rich gas, respectively. We have 100% working interest in each of these wells. The takeaways from our second quarter Eagle Ford results are; number one, EOG continues to make significant improvements in well productivity and cost reductions in both the Eastern and Western portions of our acreage. Number two, EOG's drilling results from a large number of wells in our Western acreage confirms that the Western part of the play can deliver high direct capital rates of return and strong production growth. Number three, our large number of high quality drilling locations in the Eagle Ford gives EOG the platform to have superior oil growth for many years to come. In the Bakken Core, our 160-acre or four wells per unit down spacing program in the Parshall field and Mountrail County, North Dakota is yielding impressive results. Recent completions include the Parshall 22-3032H and 25-3032H with initial production rates at 2,120 and 2,685 barrels of oil per day with 505 and 945 Mcf of gas per day, respectively. We also completed the Van Hook 29-1113H and 30-1113H producing 2,390 and 2,295 barrels of oil per day with 2.0 and 1.1 million cubic feet of gas per day, respectively. EOG has a 62% working interest in the Parshall wells and a 78% working interest in the Van Hook wells. We are very pleased with year-to-date down spacing results that show excellent progress in both well productivity and cost reduction. We've added some new slides in our IR presentation showing these operational improvements. There is a slide showing EOG's improved well productivity in the Core and Antelope areas over time. This improvement is a result of drilling longer laterals and using better frac techniques. The average EUR from our 2013 program is 940 mboe per well growth, more than a 180% improvement over wells we were drilling only two years ago. To control costs at lateral length's increase, we've been able to reduce 2013 drilling plans on an average 10,000 foot lateral to 16.9 days, which is a 30% decrease compared to 2012 levels. As a result of better wells with lower costs, our year-to-date 2013 Bakken program is generating direct a-tax rates of returns of 100%. As we have said previously, the majority of the 53 net wells drilled this year will be down spaced with the goal of maximizing the net present value of this large EOG asset. Based on further evaluation of Three Forks potential on our acreage and the success of our Bakken down spacing program, we have increased our total Bakken/Three Forks drilling inventory from 7 to 12 years. The takeaway is our Bakken/Three Forks asset is another segment of EOG's crude oil inventory that will provide high margin production growth for many years to come. In the Delaware Basin, we continued to see improved results from both our Leonard and Wolfcamp plays. During the second quarter we completed three outstanding wells in the Leonard. And Lea County, New Mexico, the Diamond 31 Fed Com number 2H, number 3H and number 4H began producing at 1,780, 1,905 and 1,530 barrels of oil per day plus 215, 165 and 150 barrels of NGL per day and 1,200, 910 and 835 Mcf of gas per day, respectively. EOG has a 91% working interest in each of these wells. We've continued to make strong improvements in both well productivity and cost reduction and our year-to-date drilling results have a direct a-tax rate of return in excess of 100%. This makes the Leonard one of EOG's top return plays. The returns are competitive with those of Eagle Ford and the Bakken. As a reminder, we have approximately 1,600 Leonard well locations in our current drilling inventory. With these excellent returns we plan to shift more capital to this play in the future. In the Delaware Wolfcamp, we completed our fourth well in the second quarter, drilled in the Wolfcamp's sweet spot of Reeves County, Texas, the Phillips State 56 301H was completed in the upper Wolfcamp interval, blowing 870 barrels of oil per day with 570 barrels of NGL per day and 3.7 million cubic feet of gas per day. We have 100% working interest in this well. The Phillips State is our best well to-date in this play and it builds on our confidence that the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp is a high quality shale play. We now have a combined data base of 200 subsurface wells in our acreage along with access to full core rock data, micro-seismic frac data, 3-D seismic data and four recently completed horizontal wells that confirm the strength of the play with a direct a-tax rate of return of 60% and over 1,100 drilling locations in our current inventory, the Delaware Wolfcamp is another strong asset in EOG's portfolio. Since this is a newer play with infrastructure constraints and newer leases, our development activity will be slower relative to the Leonard. In summary, EOG's Delaware Basin, Leonard and Wolfcamp positions are located in the sweet spot of two very strong horizontal shale plays. Using that conservative recovery factor, we have roughly 2,700 drilling locations with 1.3 billion barrels equivalent of net reserve potential that we can develop at very high capital investment returns. The Delaware Basin plays are another reason that EOG will continue to have significant production growth for many years in the future. During the second quarter, we continue to test multiple play intervals and spacing patterns in the Midland Basin Wolfcamp. In Crockett County, the University 40-C #1705H, #1706H and the #1707H were completed in the middle zone with initial rates of 1130, 725 and 1070 barrels of oil per day plus 1010, 98, and 75 barrels of NGL per day and 800, 636 and 545 Mcf of gas per day respectively. EOG has a 90% working interest in each of these wells. We also completed another excellent well in Irion County in the lower pay with the University 40, #1002H which had an initial rate of 1110 barrels of oil per day plus 155 barrels of NGL per day and 115 Mcf of gas per day. The Company has a 75% working interest in this well. As we had discussed previously, the Midland Basin Wolfcamp play is more technically and economically challenging than the Delaware play. We’re using extensive micro seismic and 3D seismic tools to improve the completion effectiveness and reduce the well spacing in order to improve the recovery factor. We are making steady progress. In the Barnett Combo after more than 10 years in this area we still continue to drive down drilling days and average well cost, and improve well productivity. Recent wells include the 100% working interest Madison A unit #1H and 2H and Madison B unit # 1H with initial production rates were 430, 435 and 335 barrels of oil per day. With 340, 330 and 240 Mcf of rich gas per day respectively. We drilled the Madison wells, from the spud to TD in an average of four days with a total completed cost of only $2.4 million per well. Low cost along with consistently good wells continues to give EOG solid 30% to 40% direct a-tax rate of returns on this program. In Trinidad, we brought the Osprey OA-4 well online last month at 30 million cubic feet of gas per day rate. We’re in the process of completing an additional four wells to increase our overall deliverability. In the East Irish sea the start up of our Conwy oil project is now estimated for mid 2014. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers: Thanks Will. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $11.8 million. For the second quarter 2013, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.7 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property plant and equipment were $91.3 million. As compared to second quarter 2012, total cash expenditures decreased by $278 million. There were $2.6 million of acquisitions during the quarter. During the second quarter net cash provided by operating activities exceeded financing and investing cash outflows in fact we were cash flow positive during the quarter excluding any pro savings from asset sales. Through August 1, we closed on asset sales of approximately $580 million. At the end of June 2013, total debt outstanding was $6.3 billion, and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 31%. At June 30, we had $1.2 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $5.1 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 26%. The reductions in the year end 2012 ratio of 29%. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 36%, and the deferred tax ratio was 77%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the third quarter and full-year 2013. Our original CapEx estimate of $7.0 billion to $7.2 billion excluding acquisitions remains unchanged. For the third quarter, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 30% to 40%. For the full-year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 45%. We’ve also provided an estimated range of the dollar amounts of current taxes that we expect to record during the third quarter and for the full-year. Now I’ll turn it over to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks Tim. Now I’ll provide some views regarding the macro environment, hedging, crude by rail and the concluding remarks. Regarding oil, we’re hesitant to provide any short range WTI price predictions considering the volatility we’ve seen over the past months. We note that recent monthly EIA data is consistent with our expectation that 2013 year-over-year domestic oil growth will be less than 2012. We expect EOG’s oil growth performance will be atypical of the industry as other companies with poor quality acreage or plays struggle to grow at rates similar to EOG. We believe the U.S. oil production will continue to grow in future years but at slower rates than 2012 and this is bullish that the global supply and demand picture. Additionally we’re not sanguine regarding any large international shale oil plays affecting global supply within at least the next several years. Overall we continue to be bullish regarding oil fundamentals and prices. For the remainder of 2013 we’re approximately 53% hedged at $98.82 and we have approximately 98,000 barrels per day hedged for the first half of 2014 at $96.48. Because the NYMEX is severely backward dated we currently have only a very small hedge for the second half of 2014. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. Regarding North American gas prices we consider 2013 to be another and long string of disciplinary years and we expect gas supply to continue to trump demand causing continued weakness over the next several years. Our gas hedge position is unchanged from last quarter. We also expect NGL prices especially ethane to remain weak throughout 2014. Our crude by rail again was a very profitable piece of business for us in the second quarter and our average U.S. well head price was $9.50 over WTI. We expect the premium over the index to decrease in the second half of the year due to the number of new pipelines to the Gulf Coast Louisiana markets but we see sustained high oil prices. Our third quarter projected average U.S. oil price is $2.75 above WTI. The offset is WTI prices have increased over the course of the year particularly in recent weeks. The net effect is EOG is still receiving a premium to hire overall U.S. oil prices. To provide some understanding of our oil net backs I’ll briefly describe our current crude marketing in our three major areas. In the Eagle Ford majority of the oil is piped to Houston where it currently receives LOS index prices. In the Bakken essentially all of our oil is being railed to St. James, Louisiana and in the Permian part of our oil is being railed to St. James and partly sold locally. We have the flexibility to sell any of our rail volumes at Cushing instead of St. James if differentials dictate that is more profitable. I’ll now briefly address our 2013 business plan which is consistent with what we outlined on the February and May calls except for the 2013 volume growth increases. As Tim mentioned, we still expect CapEx excluding acquisitions to be between $7.0 billion and $7.2 billion and proceeds from dispositions to date are $580 million. Effective this quarter on a unit cost basis we reduced our full-year LOE and DD&A estimates. We still don’t plan to drill any dry gas wells this year and we continued to have zero interest in growing gas volumes in a current price environment. Now let me conclude, there are three important takeaways from this call. First, EOG’s first and second quarter results are the result of having the best acreage in the premier, domestic shale oil plays and the best in-house completion technology. Simply put our average 2013 Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard well is performing better than predicted. This is particularly true of our Western Eagle Ford wells. Our current acreage will position us as an industry oil growth leader for many years to come. Second, the vast majority of our CapEx this year is going into three plays currently yielding greater than 100% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return; the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard. Each of these has 10 plus years of additional drilling inventory. EOG has a track record of execution. Our seven-year compound annual oil growth rate is 38%.  This high return domestic onshore oil growth we're achieving isn't just for growth sake. What's significant is that EOG's production growth is showing up in the bottom line with first half non-GAAP net income up 69% year-over-year driving increasing ROEs and ROCEs. Finally, as is evident by our results, EOG is firing on all cylinders; volumes, unit cost, price realizations, returns and net debt reduction. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital: Hi, guys.
Mark G. Papa: Hi, Leo. How are you?
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital: Great. Great results here. Just a question on the Western Eagle Ford. Obviously as you guys have moved West, it just seems like the results have certainly surpassed your expectations. I think you guys last update on sort of the Eagle Ford average EURs and it was 450,000 boe. Do you guys think that that has got some upward bias here given the strength as you've moved out of your core area?
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, Leo, I'll let Bill answer that but I think the number is 400 boe is the last update we've given on that, so that's the number that we're sticking with at this point. But let me have Bill address that.
William R. Thomas: No, you're right. I mean that's what we have talked about extensively here is that our Western Eagle Ford results are just like in all of our plays. I mean they are coming up really, really nicely. The main driver for that of course is the completion technology and the cost reduction too goes along with that, but the most important factor in improving the wells is the use of EOG sand. That has been a major factor in improving our wells. And so it also helps us to drive down the well cost and we're certainly watching the per well EURs and the Eagle Ford as we go along here. The thing that we're not going to do is we're not going to rush to change the EURs on a per well basis really until we complete the down spacing program in the Eagle Ford. And we're still actively down spacing both in the East and the West side of the Eagle Ford. And so while we continue to push wells closer together, we want to be careful about that per well EUR and we want to make sure we have enough time to evaluate the long-term effects of the wells on those tight spacing patterns. So, we're going to hold firm with that 400 in boe per well for now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Co.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: Good morning and congratulations on another exceptional quarter. Our EOG's EUR improvements in the Bakken is highlighted on slide 26 in your presentation. Is that applicable to your Bakken light acreage as well?
William R. Thomas: Yes, Pearce, that is. That's a common thing that we completed a few wells in other areas in the Core and Antelope and we've seen excellent results from the new completion techniques in all of our areas. So it would apply across the board. Of course, everybody realizes our Core acreage and our Antelope acreage is the high quality acreage, so the EURs and the other areas might not be as good but certainly the completion techniques are very effective in all of the Bakken.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark G. Papa: Hi, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Wanted to just follow-up on the Eagle Ford here and wanted to see if you could characterize the remaining locations that you have to drill in the Eagle Ford and the quality of those locations, whether it's meaningfully different from those that have been drilling in the last year? And whether you're seeing decline rates that are in line that are worst that your type curve? And I guess there were issues along with whether sand supply and sand supply cost will continue to kind of be available to support the remaining inventory I would think or would all those be key towards your ability to someday raise that EUR?
Mark G. Papa: No, I'd say that our remaining inventory in the Eagle Ford is pretty analogous to what we've drilled so far this year. As far as the sand supply issue, that's definitely not a problem. We have our in-house sand mine, so the sand supply issue is really off the table. There's not a question at all there. I know there have been some questions about our theory that some people have had about us is as we moved West in the Eagle Ford, the quality of our inventory was alleged to deteriorate but I think the one thing that results of this earnings call should dispel is the fact that our inventory in the West is pretty darn strong and we've always had a mix of East to West. We've never preferentially drilled in one area per se. So I think the concern people should have as we drill in later years in Eagle Ford that the rate of change in the Eagle Ford is going to somehow decline, that's just not true and that's why we've been talking so much about this five-year plan of why we are so confident that our oil growth during that period is going to be superior to all other large cap E&Ps because we have the engines of growth with Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the stuff we had in the Permian. And when you think about it, we've got a seven-year run with 38% compound annual oil growth which I'm pretty sure is much stronger than any other company certainly in our peer group and we're telling you the next five years is going to be much stronger than the peer group. And certainly if you look at our first and second quarter results, that's just certainly underpinning that confidence. So we feel very, very good by this and the second quarter data should dispel any notions anyone should have about the range of change in the Eagle Ford being a concern.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, Mark, and good morning everybody. Mark, first of all, congratulations in your transition. It seems that the quarter hasn't really suffered for it, but if I may ask a question about down spacing in the Eagle Ford. You've talked about 40 in the East and 60 in the West, but it seems from these well results in the West that at least you should be asking the question about how you see the inventory and the down spacing results going forward. Can you speak to whether or not you're continuing to test tighter spacing and what your latest thinking is there? And then I've got a follow-up please.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, Doug. Yeah, we are continuing to test down spacing in both the Eastern portions of our Eagle Ford acreage and the Western portions of that. And we're going to continue to push that, but we’ve always had is to maximize the net present value of the asset and we really approach that from on a per acre basis. So, as we drive the oil cost down and we push the wells closer together on a spacing pattern, the goal is to maximize the net present value there. And we’re not sure if we reach those limits or not. We’ve been able to improve the net present value over time considerably with both cost reduction and well improvements and certainly that corresponds into additional reserve recovery which we increased several times. So, the process continues in all areas. The completion technology continues to advance and we’re not letting up on that and the cost reductions continues to advance, the increase in the recovery factor that continues to advance and all of that is focused on the net present value of the asset. So everything is moving ahead.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Matt Portillo with Tudor Pickering & Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor Pickering & Holt: Good morning, guys. Just one quick question for me, you mentioned rail marketing and the relative net backs of LLS versus Cushing pricing on pipe and I was just curious if you could provide a little bit more color given the current spread dynamics of how you guys are thinking about railing versus piping crude out of the Bakken and how those economics may change over time? Thank you.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, what we can say is that because relating to our crude there really isn’t a pipeline option. I mean, the only pipeline is up there is the Enbridge pipeline and we’ve very limited access to the Enbridge pipeline, and so our pragmatic options up there would be trucking the crude versus railing the crude and it’s a slam-dunk there. So for us, railing the crude is the only way to go, so then it just boils down to the – do you bring the crude to Cushing or do you bring it to St. James and so far for us with a differentials were they sit today, its still preferential for us to take at the St. James versus Cushing and – but we have that option if and when the advantage would flip the other way to take it the Cushing or one of the few companies who do – would have a rail option of either place if and when that became advantageous. Next question.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Hi. Again congratulations on just doing such a great science and turning out really new place year after year and my question is to do Reeves County and the four wells that you’ve drilled thus far, I can see sort of the percentage of oil actually marching out with your newer wells, so it was looking like sort of 40% oil. Can you shed a little light on when all is said and done, sort of what is your EUR composed of in terms of percent, oil, natural gas, liquid and gas?
William R. Thomas: Yes, Irene, we’ve a slide on that with a pie chart. I believe that is slide 31. And our latest estimate here is that on the typical Wolfcamp well its 34% oil, 34% gas and 33% NGL and we found that the percent oil is a little variable depending on what zone you’re drilling in the Wolfcamp, and so we’re testing multiple zones there. Of course, there is an enormous amount of resource in place there, our Reeves County we’ve been fortunate to be able to lease-up a very strong sweep spot in the Delaware Basin with Wolfcamp where the shale thickness is very thick and also the quality of the shale is very hot. So, we’ll get a better handle I think, we’re going to drill 10 wells this year approximately and we’ll be trying multiple zones there and I think that some time later in the year, I mean by next year we’ll have a little bit better idea kind of what the balance will be on the content of everything. But right now we feel like this 34% oil is probably going to be pretty close to what its going to be.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Amir Arif with Stifel.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Congratulations on a great quarter. The question really is about your positive free cash flow position that you’re going to start hitting in ’14. I know you lay out through different priorities, but could you just give us some more color in terms of how you’re thinking how useful that excess free cash flow in terms of excess above of steady dividend growth? How much would go to incremental capital spending and the follow-up would be on the incremental capital that you would allocate? How would you think about splitting that between your three core areas of Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian? Thanks.
William R. Thomas: Yeah Amir, that’s a good question. We are going to have a lot of cash and certainly the priority is we set out and we’ve given these guidelines as we continue to work on the dividend. We’ve had a nice 14 year increases in dividends and so we want to continue that and reward the shareholders in that way. We also want to focus some of the money, the second priority would be to continuing to reduce the debt of the Company, not to the extremely low levels, but a bit lower than where we’re right now. And then number three, we’ll have additional cash each year to invest in our best place. And certainly the highest rate of return plays will be the priority there and the places where we can invest to grow oil prices – oil production most aggressively and those will not be much different than they’re this year. That will be certainly the focus number one will be the Eagle Ford and the Bakken and as we – as over time, we’ll be focusing more capital into the Leonard. It’s turning into the very high rate of return play for us and very oily also. So, each of those plays have more 10 years of inventory in their extremely high quality plays and that’s what gives us the confidence that we can continue to be the peer leader in oil growth through 2017 and beyond.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Arun Jayaram from Credit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Good morning gentlemen. I just wanted to ask you a couple of quick questions. One Bill, I was just wanted to see if you’ve done any analysis on maybe stratifying the wells drilled on Eagle Ford looking at some of the monster wells versus perhaps some more typical well and any general comments on decline rates you’re seeing over the first year what not relative to both of those?
William R. Thomas: Yeah, Arun. The stratigraphy of the Eagle Ford is pretty consistent from east to west. There’s not a lot of individual zones developing and coming and going as you kind of go across the play. Some of the changes are I think in the eastern part of the acreage, there’s more faulting and so there is more open fracture systems available and that’s why you see sometimes you see very high IPs from the wells in the east. On the west side there is less faulting, and less open fracture systems and so it takes a little bit of a different completion technique which we obviously – we’re making very good progress with that and maybe the IPs may not ever approach the wells on the east but certainly the results in the west are very, very good. We have been able to develop techniques to increase the amount of rock that reconnect to the wells. One of it is, we drilled longer laterals in the west and we used a different kind of completion style and all that’s designed to connect up to the more of the matrix of the rock and so we’re certainly getting really good results in both areas and both areas as Mark has said we have an enormous amount of locations in both sides and so the quality of our program is certainly not going to deteriorate over time. It's very, very, very strong.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Marshall Carver with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Marshall Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Yes, good morning. A question on the Bakken. You have 90,000 acres in the Bakken Core. How many acres do you have in the Antelope Extension, State Line and Elm Coulee areas?
William R. Thomas: Again, Marshall, it's a question – we've not updated our acreage position in Antelope or the Core but you're right, we have 90,000 acres in the Core and this is an estimation that I think is approximately about 20,000 acres in the Antelope area.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Barry Haimes with Sage Asset Management.
Barry Haimes - Sage Asset Management: Hi. Thanks for getting my question in. I had a question in the Bakken. I understand and you alluded to longer lateral lengths and changing completion techniques a couple of times in the call. And I guess in the Bakken you've drilled a few wells with maybe 15,000 foot laterals and maybe four or five times the amount of (indiscernible). I wonder when you're talking about the different completion techniques, is that what you were alluding to? Number one. And then number two, how applicable is that across the Bakken and then maybe also in the Eagle Ford? Thanks very much.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, in the Bakken we feel we have a completion advantage there and we're happy to disclose that we're using more pounds of (indiscernible) than we have in the past and that we are drilling longer laterals. But as far as giving any more specifics other than that, we feel we'd be giving away some proprietary secrets and so I'm afraid, Barry, we're just going to have to leave it at that. And the same for the Eagle Ford; we have gone to some bigger fracs in the Eagle Ford than we have in the past but again, we feel we clearly have a proprietary advantage in our frac technology in the Eagle Ford also and we just assume to keep it proprietary. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ray Deacon with Brean Capital.
Raymond Deacon - Brean Capital: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more detail on the Wolfcamp, how many of each zone do you think you will have tested this year.
William R. Thomas: Yeah, Ray, in the Delaware – are you talking about the Delaware Wolfcamp? I guess so. Yeah, in the Delaware Wolfcamp, Ray, we've tested three zones this year, call them the upper, middle and lower zone there and we've had really good results in each one of them. As I said before there's a little bit of different mix in each zone, on the product mix whether it's oil or gas but the rock quality and the response of the wells on each one of those have been very, very, very strong. So, we feel that we've been very fortunate to lease up a really nice large position of the sweet spot there.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. I wanted to get a little more detail on the Burrow Unit and particularly I believe it was the 5H or perhaps it was the 4H that had that really fabulous IP. But the one thing that I noticed was a little different that you guys offered the 30-day average and you get to a 30-day cumulative of I think 128,000 barrels which is really impressive. And would I be wrong to read into that that the reason that you guys choose to include that 30-day rate is that it's better than other wells in the past? And that if that's correct to read into it, is that a function of your improved fracture line?
William R. Thomas: The Burrows did have a longer lateral. It's about 7,500 foot lateral. The other two are quite a bit shorter. But as far as us reporting cumulative, it's relative to other wells. It's not proportionally any larger at all, performing about the same, just longer lateral.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn it back to our speakers for any closing or additional remarks.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, I'd just close with two remarks, just again to summarize I think two points you want to take away from the call. First point is, again the Western Eagle Ford is an area that we're particularly proud of with the results. And the second point is for the first time we can highlight three key oil plays on a direct after-tax rate of return basis. In each of these plays, we're achieving 100% or greater rate of return; Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard. So thanks for listening and we'll talk again in three months from now.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman and CEO Bill Thomas - President Gary Thomas - COO Timothy Driggers - CFO Maire Baldwin - VP, IR 
Analysts: Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Joe Magner - Macquarie Capital  Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company Charles Meade - Johnson Rice  Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse  Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs  David Tameron - Wells Fargo Joe Allman - JPMorgan 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources first quarter 2013 earnings results conference call. Just as a reminder, this call is being recorded. And at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope that everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2013 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com.  The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford, may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, president; Gary Thomas, chief operating officer; Tim Driggers, vice president and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, vice president, investor relations. An updated IR Presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included second quarter and full-year 2013 guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning we’ll discuss topics in the following order. I’ll first discuss our 2013 first quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, then Bill Thomas and I will provide operational results. I’ll then discuss our 2014 to 2017 business plan and Tim Driggers will discuss financials and capital structure. Finally, I will cover our macro view, hedge position, and concluding remarks.  As outlined in our press release, for the first quarter of 2013, EOG reported net income of $494.7 million, or $1.82 per share. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income, to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain nonrecurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG’s first quarter 2013 adjusted net income was $489.9 million, or $1.80 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG’s DCF for the first quarter was $1.7 billion.  I’ll now address our operational results in key plays. We hit on all cylinders in the first quarter. Our oil, NGL, and North American gas volumes considerably exceeded our guidance and for the same quarter in a row, our unit cost beat guidance and domestic oil prices were at a significant premium to WTI. Therefore, we beat on volumes, costs, and net backs. The biggest profit driver of course was oil, and 100% of our oil outperformance emanated from the Eagle Ford. Oil production from all other sectors of the company was at expected levels during the quarter. Taken as a whole, EOG’s first quarter financial performance shows the power of scale and efficiency when applied to sweet spot oil resource plays. I’ll now discuss our key oil plays, starting with Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford surprised us in an upside manner, similar to what it did during each of the first three quarters of 2012. You may recall that EOG grew its oil production domestically 46% last year, primarily because the Eagle Ford significantly outperformed for the first nine months.  During the fourth quarter, we reduced the Eagle Ford capex for budget reasons and the production scaled back accordingly. Some people may have misread the fourth quarter as an indicator that the Eagle Ford growth rate was slowing. During the first quarter of 2013, EOG’s U.S. oil production increased 24,200 barrels per day over the fourth quarter of 2012, primarily due to the Eagle Ford.  As these first quarter results indicate, the Eagle Ford continues to outperform our estimates as it did over the course of 2012. The rate of change from this asset is not slowing. During the first quarter, we completed 27 monster wells in the Eagle Ford, with IP rates greater than 2,500 barrels of oil per day. Nine of these had IP rates greater than 3,500 barrels of oil per day. Note that these rates are oil per day, not barrels of oil equivalent per day.  Additionally, the wells on our western acreage continue to improve as we drill longer laterals and approve our fracks. Many of these western wells exhibit flatter declines that the prolific wells from our eastern acreage and have net reserves of 500,000 to 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent per well, which is outstanding. As we continue to develop this asset, we continue to add additional drilling locations in both the east and west. As expected, our first quarter direct drilling after tax reinvestment rate of return in the Eagle Ford exceeded 100%. To summarize the Eagle Ford, this asset has the best large play economics in North America, and continues to provide upside production surprises. One additional positive occurrence we’ve noted throughout our domestic operations is that there is currently more downward, rather than upward, pressure on service costs. Because our capex dollars will go farther, we now plan to drill 425 net Eagle Ford wells this year.  I’ll now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss other domestic plays.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Mark. I will start with our good news from the Bakken/Three Forks. We have two important items to report for the first quarter. First, we continue to have excellent results from our 160-acre downspacing test in the Parshall Core area, and second, we tested the second bench in the Three Forks on our Antelope Extension acreage with outstanding results. Two recent 160-acre downspace wells in the Parshall Core area are the Van Hook 20-107H and 127-107H, which came on production for only 2,375 and 2,170 barrels of oil per day respectively. We have 55% working interest in these wells. Along with the new wells, our previously reported 160-acre wells continue to outperform our expectations, and the vast majority of the planned 53 completions in 2013 will be drilled on 160-acre spacing. As we continue to gain confidence in downspacing results over the course of 2013, we will likely increase the level of drilling activity in 2014. As I noted, we just completed our first well in the second bench of the Three Forks in the Antelope Extension area with outstanding results. The River View 3-3130H came online, producing 3,150 barrels of oil per day. We have 94% working interest in this well. We also completed another Three Forks well in the first bench, or our uppermost zone. The West Clark 101-2425H had initial production of 2,205 barrels of oil per day. We have 100% working interest in this well. The Three Forks and Bakken results on our Antelope Extension acreage continue to look strong, and we are particularly excited about the potential of the Three Forks second bench. Early looks indicate that this target may have better potential than the first bench and the Bakken phase in this area. We plan to test the third bench of the Three Forks in this same area next year. In summary, we are encouraged by our solid downspacing results in the Parshall Core area and excellent results from multiple Three Forks pays in the Antelope Extension area. As reported on our February call, we are applying new frack techniques in the Parshall Core and Antelope area, and the new wells are outperforming the original wells that we drilled several years ago.  This has resulted in improved, direct after-tax rate of return from our drilling program, giving us current Bakken returns that are comparable to our Eagle Ford program. The results continue to set us up for many years of excellent drilling in the play. With our new techniques, we believe EOG will continue to lead the industry in Bakken and Three Forks drilling results.  In the Delaware Basin, we continue to have excellent results in the Leonard Play. We have four new wells to report. During the first quarter, we completed the Vaca 24 Fed Com #2H, #3H, and #4H, flowing 1,230, 1,410, and 1,205 barrels of oil per day respectively, with 140, 140, and 230 barrels of NGL per day and 780, 760, and 1,290 Mcf per day of natural gas respectively. We have 90% working interest in these wells. We also completed the Vanguard 30 State Com #1H, with an initial flowing rate of 1,540 barrels of oil per day, 165 barrels of NGL per day, and 915 Mcf of gas per day. We have 100% working interest in this well. Our Leonard results remain strong, and we continue to work on improving the recovery sector by identifying multiple pay targets, improving frack technology, and testing the optimal downspacing. We also completed our third Delaware Wolfcamp well, which confirms our positive outlook on the potential of our newest pay, which we discussed in February. We completed the Apache State 57 #1101H in the upper Wolfcamp play and turned it to sales flowing 815 barrels of oil per day plus 600 barrels of NGL per day, and 3.8 Mcf of gas per day. We have 100% working interest in this well, which is located in Reeves County, Texas. Pilot logs from this well confirmed excellent Wolfcamp pay on our acreage, and a microseismic survey performed on our second completion, the Harrison 56-1001H provides further confirmation of good frack geometry. Every piece of data we receive on the Delaware Wolfcamp is most encouraging. This particular play has excellent shale rock properties and, when combined with the massive amount of resource in place on our sweet spot acreage, has the characteristics of a high-quality horizontal resource play. In this new play, we’ve identified over 1,100 drilling locations, with EURs of 700,000 barrels of oil equivalent net per well. On our 114,000 net acreage in the play, we’ve estimated 800 million barrels of oil equivalent of net potential reserves. We’ve now drilled three horizontal wells to date, and recently have over 200 penetrations in data points from previously drilled vertical wells. In summary, the Delaware Basin and Wolfcamp plays have a combined reserve potential of 1.35 billion barrels of oil equivalent net to EOG using a conservative 2-3% recovery factor. We hope to improve this over time. Regarding the Midland Basin Wolfcamp play, during the first quarter we continued to make steady progress on optimizing our frack technology. This is an important process to help determine the optimal well spacing and to increase the recovery factor of the play.  Recent pattern completions include the Munson 105H, 106H, and 107H, flowing 965, 970, and 1,290 barrels of oil per day plus 55, 60, and 100 barrels of NGL per day and 400, 430, and 730 Mcf of gas per day, respectively, from the middle zone of the Wolfcamp. We have 85% working interest in the Munson wells. Other new wells are the University 40D #701H and 702H that began producing at 705 and 660 barrels of oil per day plus 95 and 75 barrels of NGL per day and 685 and 550 Mcf of gas per day respectively. We have 80% working interest in these wells, which are also producing from the middle zone. The Midland Basin Wolfcamp was a solid play, but it is technically more challenging than our Delaware Basin plays. It is taking more time to establish optimal frack techniques and spacing, but we are making progress, and will update our reserve potential in this play as we learn more in the future. In our Barnett Combo play, a combination of good well results and lower well costs netted solid returns during the first quarter. This is an area where we’ve accomplished excellent drilling and completion performance, and seen reductions in service costs. We are seeing a 10-15% decrease in well costs for the play as compared to last year. Examples of excellent wells are the [Reed B] unit #1H and #2H, which came online flowing 605 and 515 barrels of oil per day with 65 and 60 barrels per day of NGLs and 445 and 390 Mcf per day of gas, respectively. We have 100% working interest in these wells. We have reduced our Barnett Combo activity to three rigs, but drilling times and well costs continue to improve, and we are still on track to drill approximately 130 net wells in 2013.  We are also continuing to look for new greenfield North American liquid plays. We believe we have the technical advantage in identifying the best rock and capturing the best acreage. Our positions in the Bakken and Eagle Ford confirm this. Now I’ll turn it back to Mark. 
Mark Papa: Thanks, Bill. I’ll briefly discuss our plays outside North America. In Trinidad, our first quarter production was as projected. We’re in the midst of a drilling program off our Osprey platform that will help to maintain flat over production in 2013 and 2014.  In the East Irish Sea, the startup of our Conwy oil project has been delayed until early 2014. For this reason, we’re keeping our full year total company oil growth target at 28%, even though we significantly outperformed in the first quarter. We have, however, increased our U.S. oil growth estimate by 4% this year, due to our Eagle Ford strength. In addition to having captured sweet spot positions in crude oil resource plays, another EOG differentiator is our domestic crude oil realizations in margins. During the quarter and currently, our Eagle Ford crude is priced off an LOS index as is our Bakken and part of our Permian crew, which is being railed to our St. James terminal.  The majority of our domestic crude volumes are linked to LOS rather than WTI prices. This access to premium markets resulted in a $12.23 per barrel premium over WTI during the first quarter for EOG’s U.S. crude oil volumes. We expect to achieve a $9.25 premium in the second quarter using the midpoint of yesterday’s guidance. Now I’ll discuss some longer term implications emanating from our asset base. On this call we’ve described our three main domestic oil assets in the Eagle Ford, Bakken, and Delaware Basin. We feel the addition of the Delaware Basin Leonard and Wolfcamp assets that we announced in February moves EOG past a key threshold and allows us to talk with confidence about what EOG will look like five years out. Today we have sufficient confidence in our asset base to provide directional guidance for 2014 through 2017, with the caveat that WT oil prices remain at or above $85. Under that assumption, we believe EOG will continue to have the highest oil growth rates during 2013 to 2017 of any large cap independent, similar to our performance of the past three years. We expect our 2014 to 2017 NGL growth to be at or near top tier. Our 2014 to 2017 North American gas production should reverse its negative trend and begin to increase, even though we drill very few dry gas wells. This is the result of our combo play activity and associated natural gas production.  Outside of North America, EOG produces natural gas in Trinidad and China. We expect that production to be essentially flat during the 2014 to 2017 timeframe. When you combine this mix, you’ll likely calculate strong overall total company production growth underpinned by very strong high-margin oil growth.  The conclusion from this overview is that EOG is likely to exhibit one of the highest overall production growth rates, combined with the single-highest oil growth rate of the large caps for at least the 2014 to 2017 period. And all the growth is sourced domestically. This should yield significant net income and overall free cash flow, even at a flat $85 WTI oil price.  When considered on a debt-adjusted basis, the growth rate is even higher. EOG can accomplish this production net income and cash flow growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet.  I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure. 
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Mark. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $10 million. For the first quarter of 2013, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.6 million, excluding asset retirement obligations.  In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property plant and equipment were $92 million. As compared to the first quarter of 2012, total cash expenditures decreased by $315 million. There were no acquisitions during the quarter.  Through May 1, we have closed on asset sales of approximately $500 million. At the end of March 2013, total debt outstanding was $6.3 billion, and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 31%. At March 31, we had $1.1 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $5.2 billion, or net debt to total cap ratio of 27%. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 35%, and the deferred tax ratio was 75%.  Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the second quarter and for full year 2013. For the second quarter, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 30-40%. For the full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 45%. We’ve also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the second quarter and for the full year.  Now I’ll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I’ll provide our views regarding the macro environment, hedging, and crude by rail. Regarding oil, we believe full year WTI prices will average in the low 90s, similar to the past two years. However, as our total company cash flow becomes more dependent on oil, we have changed our oil hedging philosophy such that we plan to target an approximate 50% hedge position for the full year. For the second half of this year, we had 93,000 barrels of oil a day hedged at $98.44. Currently, we have 42,000 barrels of oil a day hedged for the first half of 2014 at $95.86. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. Regarding North American gas, we recently added some May through October 2013 and some full year 2014 hedges. We don’t have a target hedge percentage, and have viewed the April gas price upsurge as a hedge opportunity. Our crude by rail continues to be a highly profitable venture and although the WTI-LOS differential has recently contracted from $20 to $11 a barrel, it’s still very advantageous for us to move oil by rail from the Bakken, Permian, and Barnett combo to St. James. Additionally, we have contracted capacity on a Houston Tahoma pipeline later in the year, and will have the flexibility to move our Eagle Ford oil east from Houston to refineries in Louisiana, which are priced off the LOS index. I’ll now briefly address our 2013 business plan, which is consistent with what we outlined on our February call. We still expect our total capex to be between $7.0 and $7.2 billion, and proceeds from dispositions to be approximately $550 million. Our full year production growth targets are unchanged at this time, and we slightly reduced our full year LOE and DD&A estimate. Even though natural gas prices have strengthened, we don’t intend to drill any additional dry gas wells this year. Now, let me conclude. There are eight important takeaways from this call. First, as evident by our results, EOG is firing on all cylinders: volumes, unit costs, price realizations, and returns. Second, our first quarter reinvestment rate of return on our drilling capital program was the highest in the company’s history, led by the Eagle Ford and North Dakota Bakken investments.  Third, the Eagle Ford is leading the pack and drove our first quarter oil outperformance. Fourth, our first quarter Bakken drilling rate of return rivaled our outstanding Eagle Ford triple-digit returns and our initial test of the second bench of the Three Forks floated 3,150 barrels of oil per day. Our overall North Dakota results are much better than the industry average because we are drilling 160-acre downspace wells in the best acreage in the entire play.  Fifth, our recent Delaware Basin Leonard performance has been excellent and we’ll ramp up this play in 2014. Additionally, our third Delaware Basin horizontal Wolfcamp test confirms this area as our third key asset in our portfolio. Sixth, we’re seeing downward cost pressure across the board. Seventh, I’ve walked you through our five-year outlook. We have all the assets in place to achieve best-in-class, organic, high rate of return domestic crude oil and NGL growth and our North American natural gas production should flatten out next year and then begin to increase. Beginning in 2014, provided WTI oil prices stay at current levels, we expect to have strong total company production growth and begin to generate free cash flow. And finally, our succession plan is consistent with what we previously reported. I will step down as CEO on July 1 of this year. Bill Thomas will succeed me at that time as CEO. I will remain as executive chairman until Bill replaces me when I retire on December 31 with the title of chairman and CEO. Thanks for listening, and now we’ll go to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We’ll take our first question from Leo Mariani with RBC. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital: Question on your second bench well in the Three Forks. It looked like a very strong well. I think you guys drilled out in the Antelope Extension area. Do you guys think that the second bench can be prevalent across a lot more of your acreages trying to get a sense of your geologic mapping and where you think that might exist on your acreage.
Bill Thomas: We certainly think it’s prospective across our Antelope Ridge area. We have enough logs and data there to kind of verify that. On the remainder of our acreage, like in the core area, it may be prospective. We’re taking additional looks at that as we speak. But it’s not as clear there as it is in Antelope. But you know, we’re really excited about the second bench, and we’re going to be testing another second bench well down the road, and then I think next year we’ve got plans for drilling down in a third bench. So we’re very excited about the Three Forks potential there at Antelope.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital : And then I guess in terms of gas production, you guys said you weren’t drilling any more dry gas wells this year, but you did say that you’d probably see gas production flat in North America to slightly up next year. Would you anticipate any dry gas drilling next year? Or is that going to be exclusively from associated gas?
Mark Papa : The outlook through 2017 that we gave you we generally are assuming no dry gas drilling, or essentially no dry gas drilling, throughout 2017 in the outlook we provided.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital : And I guess you guys obviously didn’t quantify overall growth. Should we think of the EOG as firmly being in double digit growth of the company over the next four years?
Mark Papa : We don’t want to give specific numbers, but I’d just say that some of the numbers that might have been penciled in previously for overall growth are probably too low, and I think we’ll have surprising overall growth during the next four or five years, really. The 4% growth that we’re projecting this year is not what you should expect in the 2014 to 2017 period.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : My question is on your guidance. Obviously the costs have been pretty strong here relative to what you were expecting in the first quarter. But you’re guiding us higher again for the back end of the year on a whole number of levels. What’s different? Why should costs move back up again given the level of success that you’re having? And are you just being conservative? Or should we be thinking about Q1 as the more repeatable?
Mark Papa : In terms of the budget expenditures? Capex?
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : More the unit costs. The LOE and the transportation and the exploration guidance and so on.
Mark Papa : We’re a little bit surprised by how well we came in on our overall costs for the first quarter, so we’re a little bit conservative in the guidance that we’ve given for the remainder of this year, although we do think it will be a little bit back end loaded. So I’d say on the unit costs, there is a possibility we may beat the full year guidance on some of those, but we’re going to wait another quarter to see how repeatable this first quarter really is.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And that would apply to the other guidance actions as well? The impairment charges and the exploration charges, you’ve guided that back up as well. [unintelligible] a big ticket item. Is there any reason why that should be trending higher? 
Mark Papa : We’ll just be looking at it at the end of the second quarter. We just want to see what the trend is. But right now we just want to be fairly conservative. On the production side, though, we’re not signaling that we may beat on production on there, at that time, so we would guide you to the full year production of the 28% oil growth and not higher than that at this time. There may be some room on some of the costs, and we’ll reevaluate that at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities: Sounds like a lot of good news coming out of the Bakken. My question is what’s your feeling on the Bakken differential as it stands now, understanding that [unintelligible] has come down a little bit. Just want a little color from you.
Mark Papa : It’s hard for us to guess on these differentials kind of where they’re going. I’d be hard press to really hazard a specific guess. We do believe that the differential, Gulf Coast to WTI, is likely to stay more compressed than it was in the first quarter. We don’t see that ballooning out. But where the Bakken is relative to the WTI or the Gulf Coast, I can’t give you any specific guidance on that that would be very specific, unfortunately.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities : And how about on natural gas? I know you guys put on some hedges, so your general view probably still has not changed?
Mark Papa : I guess our view at this point is we don’t see any return to the high twos or low threes for gas in terms of 2013 or 2014, or 2015. We think we’re now in a timeframe, in 2013, 2014 and 2015, we’re somewhere in the range of likely $4-5 gas prices. So we have become slightly more bullish than in the past, but we certainly are not in hyper-bullish mode. 
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Joe Magner with Macquarie.
Joe Magner - Macquarie Capital : Just curious how we should think about the guidance through 2017. I know you don’t want to get into specifics, but should we expect to see a rolling update on what you’re going to guide to on an annual basis? Or will there be more framework to it if you have more visibility on future commodity price?
Mark Papa : We will probably continue just to give an annual update. It’s been our experience that companies that try and give a three- to five-year guidance, they almost immediately miss their guidance the first or second year, and so we’re not likely to do that. So it will be likely that in February we’ll give full year 2014 guidance and we might give a little more framework around the 2015 to 2017 guidance, but don’t look for us to provide firm numbers for more than one year out as we go forward.
Joe Magner - Macquarie Capital : And along those lines, how should we start to think about capex required to support that growth? To date you’ve been pretty disciplined with the balance sheet, but if you have continued confidence in the quality of your assets, will your treatment of the balance sheet change, or will this growth be supported by internally generated cash flow?
Mark Papa : I’ll just say that we ran a case at a flat WTI oil price of $85 and we believe that over the aggregate period of 2014 to 2017, we will generate some significant free cash flow during that period at a flat $85 WTI oil price. So during that entire period, we’ll be guided by the same maximum debt limit of no higher than 30% net debt to total cap, and we think that we should be in a free cash mode during this period, certainly at current oil prices. If you just take flat oil prices, current levels, through 2017, we will be at significant free cash flow [unintelligible] based on our internal growth projections.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Pearce Hammond of Simmons & Company.   
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company: In a prior forecast, you had put out some slides where you talked about total U.S. oil production growing by like 2 million barrels a day by 2015?
Mark Papa : We still are of the belief that total U.S. oil production growth that happened in 2012 was perhaps the peak that is going to occur. That production growth was about 800,000 barrels of oil a day, and we expect that the total growth in 2013 to be less than that, and 2014 to be less than that. We’re already seeing a lesser rate of growth in the Bakken. The Eagle Ford, of course, is still steaming ahead at a quite high rate of growth.  And so we believe that we’re not going to see stupendous overall U.S. growth rates as we go forward. We think there’s only really two major driving forces of U.S. oil growth: Bakken and Eagle Ford. Eagle Ford is going to surpass the Bakken likely this year as the biggest oil growth rate. Bakken is slowing down. Permian is really not on that fast of a track. And then there’s what I would classify as all others. And the all others are not growing at a very fast pace at all.  So we’re not as concerned as others that U.S. oil growth is going to flood the total market and ruin global oil prices. 
Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Company : And then you my follow up, in the earnings release, related to the Eagle Ford, you stated that if crude oil prices remain at or above current levels, that you’ll further augment your drilling program in 2014. How many rigs do you think that augmentation might imply?
Mark Papa : In terms of rigs, not all that many rigs. I mean, to give you an idea of rigs, in the first quarter of ’12, we ran up to 76 rigs. In the first quarter of ’13, we ran 52 rigs. Now, some of those rigs last year were drilling some gas wells. This year we weren’t drilling hardly any gas wells. But what we’re seeing is the rig count’s probably not going to go up that much, even if we ramp up the number of wells we plan to drill, because we continue to drill at a faster pace in days per well. So what I would say is, if the constant oil price continues to occur in 2014, we’ll probably ramp up activity in the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, and the Permian from the activity level that we expect to achieve in 2013. And we expect we can do that and still have significant free cash flow in 2014.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice : Just a clarification. With respect to the increased activity in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford in ’14 in current prices, does current prices mean $95? Or are we talking more the flat $85 that you referenced in your five-year plan?
Mark Papa : The current prices I was just referring to would be the $94-95.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice : And then the second question I had, on those Karnes County well, I think the general impression has been that that has been maybe a tier below the fabulous acreage you have up there in Gonzalez County. But with the results that you turned in here, it seems like the rate of change of the results there, the second derivative of what you’re getting there, is better. And I’m curious, has your view evolved on the relative prospectivity of these two areas? And does Karnes have a chance to be as good as Gonzalez?
Mark Papa : As an overview, I’d say Karnes is still not as good as Gonzalez. But on the rate of change, while we’re continuing to make better wells, given equal acreage, the rate of change is still quite positive in the Eagle Ford.  In other words, if you take essentially any piece of our acreage, whether it’s in the west, the middle, or the east, are we making better wells today than we were a year ago, than we were two years ago or three years ago? The answer is unequivocally yes. So that’s why you’re seeing the fact that we continue to beat our production targets relating to the Eagle Ford.  Because we project and say, okay, based on what we think the productivity is going to be, based on drilling X wells for the rest of this year, we project a number and give it to you as our 8-K estimate. And then what we find out is gee whiz, the productivity of those wells is better than projected based on typically our completion efficiency.  So I can’t overestimate the quality of this Eagle Ford asset. And I think a lot of people, when we purposely restricted the money in the fourth quarter, to the Eagle Ford, and we had clearly signaled this to the investment community before we did it, we said we’re going to slow down activity in the fourth quarter to the Eagle Ford because of budget constraints, and then production slowed down.  I think a lot of people misread the production slowdown in our fourth quarter and felt that the Eagle Ford rate of change had inflected downwards, and that was clearly not the case. It was just that the capital, the coin operated machine received less coins in the fourth quarter. So we upped the coinage in the first quarter and you see the results.  So that’s why we’re so optimistic, not only of what we can do this year, but what we can do in the period 2014 through 2017.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : I wanted to elaborate a little bit more on that rate of change topic. I guess going to your slides on 21, saw a real noticeable improvement in the 30-day averages, and just wondering if you can put this in context given your shift towards tighter spacing patterns and the move out west. So I was just wondering if you could put that into context.
Mark Papa : Yeah, that’s a new slide we put in there, and glad you caught that. It’s pretty impressive, really, as to what we’re seeing on these averages. And this is on our IR slides we posted on our website this morning. And you can see a steady increase, if anyone wants to go take a look at that. We’ve got a chart there that shows the 30-day production average and then on the right hand side of that chart, it shows the number of drilling days versus time, and you can see improvement in there. Generally, the 30-day average is a function of the completion efficacy of what we’re doing, and it also could be a function of the location of the wells. And so on the completion efficacy, I’d say that we do have a bit of a secret sauce in our fracks that we really aren’t going to talk much about, but we are doing some things differently than other operators down there. This has been a change that we’ve fully implemented, really in just the last six months. And we are seeing clearly differentiating results from that, and at this point we’ll just call it our own secret sauce.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : And the follow up is if this continues, do you see some upward momentum perhaps to your EUR that you updated last quarter?
Mark Papa : Yeah, but we won’t update that. I wouldn’t look at that EUR. First point is, at the current 400 MBOE net after royalty, and our current well costs, we are achieving greater than 100% after-tax direct reinvestment rates of return. So that, for a large hydrocarbon play, I would say is likely the absolute best rate of return anyone’s achieving, clearly, in North America, perhaps the world, except for the NOCs. And so it’s very adequate returns, certainly more than adequate.  And we will look maybe annually at whether we could bump that reserve estimate, but that’s not something we’re going to adjust on a quarterly basis.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs : In the fourth quarter, you slowed activity in the Eagle Ford, to stay within your capex budget. But when we see how strongly you grew production during the first quarter, wanted to see if there are any operational benefits to an end of year slowdown and whether for financial or operational reasons, you’re expecting any slowdown in activity and completions this year.
Mark Papa : Well, at this juncture, no, we’re not anticipating any year-end slowdown, as we would see it. There probably was kind of a catch your breath kind of advantage, particularly in the Eagle Ford last year, in the fourth quarter, and we were running so hard and so fast that there probably was a bit of an advantage to just slowing down for a period. But I would say at this point, it would be best to project that we would not slow down at this point.  In terms of our capex burn rate, if you check the numbers, we consumed almost exactly 25% of our capex in the first quarter. So right now, our burn rate is pretty much, if we continue to burn at that rate, we’ll be exactly on our budget plan. So right now that’s pretty much our plan. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs : And much has been made so far here on the call about the end of the period of negative free cash flow and the forthcoming positive free cash flow. In your expectations for superior growth as well as free cash flow, assuming $85 a barrel, what’s your plan on what to do with that free cash flow? Would you have even more superior growth by reinvesting back in the ground to further accelerate activity? Would you more meaningfully reduce your debt or debt to tangible capital below the 30-35%? Or would you more actively return cash to shareholders? And how soon could we see some manifestation of that?
Mark Papa : That’s a high-class problem to have. At this juncture, I would say that our priorities would likely be to establish some kind of meaningful dividend increase, whether it’s a percent per year or something linked perhaps to cash flow increases or something like that.  The second thing would be we’d potentially might set some sort of floor as to what would be the minimum net debt to cap debt leverage that we think would be reasonable for an E&P company. And we wouldn’t just plan to pay our debt down below a certain minimum level. We’re not aiming to be a debt-free company or anything like that. And the third thing that would be likely, once we hit that minimum debt level, would be to look at ramping up the capex. We have so many projects, at these kind of reinvestment rates of return, ramping up the capex further might be the proper path. But that would be an evolutionary type decision. Obviously on a year-to-year basis, it would depend on the price of hydrocarbons. But the key takeaway, I think, that we want to convey to you at this point, is that during this forthcoming four-year period, that the company would be able to achieve, even at a flat $85 WTI oil price, twin goals: a very robust production growth, particularly oil growth, as well as significant free cash flow. And so that’s pretty important to note. I’m not sure there’s many companies at a flat $85 oil price that would be able to say they could achieve those dual objectives.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from David Tameron with Wells Fargo. 
David Tameron - Wells Fargo:  In the Bakken, can you just talk about the downspace wells, how much production historically you have, and what those wells are doing as you get up to 60 and 90 days? Do you have any color there?
Bill Thomas : We’ve got 15 or so wells that are in various phases of production that we’ve completed as downspace wells. And certainly as we talked about earlier, the original wells, which were more like 320-acre spaced wells, they certainly, with the improved frack techniques that we use, they’re certainly, on a per-foot of lateral basis, when you normalize that, they’re outperforming our older wells.  And it’s still really early on the tighter spacing wells. They’re equivalent, really, of 160-acrew wells. And of course these are long laterals, and the per-acres per well is variable. But they’re tighter spacing. We don’t have a lot of production history on those. We put the first ones online early in the first quarter, and so we’ve only got maybe 90 days of production on those.  And we’re really watching that carefully, because we certainly want, before we do a lot of accelerated drilling, we want to be careful and make sure that we’re adding [MPV], and we’re not overdrilling or sharing production between wells. So we’re watching that, and our plan is to drill the remainder of the wills this year.  It’s about 53 wells we’re going to complete this year. Most of those will be the 160-acre type downspace wells. And so it’s really kind of a pilot program, and we’re going to watch the production throughout the year. And it usually takes like 6 to 9 months to kind of verify that you’re doing things correctly.  So we’re kind of in the first part of that process, and so hopefully by the end of the year, we’ll know a whole lot more about that, and be able to give you more color on that. But certainly, we think the improved frack techniques certainly, at this point, we’re very positive about it. We’re contacting more rock, and we’re really enhancing the recovery factor of the Bakken on our core acres. So it’s going well right now.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo : And then as a follow up to that, if I start to think about the industry, obviously, whether you believe the land grab or not is over, it seems like it’s moving much more toward a manufacturing type phase as opposed to an exploration phase. And I wanted to see what you think about that concept, and what North America looks like three years down the road, just lower 48, however you want to run with that. I just wanted to throw that out there and see if you had any comments on that.
Bill Thomas:  Certainly as far as the oil plays, as we talked about, and I think we’re not really expecting to get another Eagle Ford or Bakken resource play of that quality and that size all tied together. So we have a decent list of new greenfield plays we’re working on on the oil side. But the quality of rock for oil plays and shales is really limited. And then the thermal maturity of the oil, the window there, of the right maturity of the oil, is really critical too.  So the sweet spots are really small, and so what I think you’re going to be seeing is, and I think you’re correct on this, you’re not going to be seeing people announcing billion barrel new oil play discoveries. But hopefully we’ll be able to announce some success in some plays that would be maybe in the 50-100 million barrels, or maybe even bigger than that, which is a significant value in North America.  So we’re not going to lose our exploration edge. The industry as a whole, I think, is certainly at a point right now where they really have a lot of acreage [leased], and people are testing a lot of ideas and plays. I think as we’ve talked about all along, you’re seeing the cream of the crop of the plays rise to the top, which are certainly the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. And we feel very fortunate that we have very large, substantial positions in those, and we hope to add a few more smaller ones as we go along.  
Mark Papa : I’ll just add one thing to that. There are some combo plays that we hope to uncover that could be substantially larger in terms of oil content, that I think are yet to be found, and we’re still chasing those. So there are still some substantial plays, I think, that will be uncovered, that may be similar to what we’re talking about out there in the Delaware Basin.
Operator: Next question will come from Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan : In the core of the Bakken, what kind of Three Forks drilling have you done so far? And is it possible that the Three Forks two or three could be prospective without the Three Forks one being prospective?
Bill Thomas : In the core, I believe we’ve only completed like maybe three or four wells in the Three Forks there, and those I believe are the first bench. And so I think what we’re noticing, industry wide, that there’s a bit more success on the Three Forks than what maybe we had anticipated a few years ago. And so we’re really taking a second look at all that. And we’ll just have to see how that goes as we move on down the road. I’m sure that we’ll be analyzing that and thinking about maybe drilling, on Three Forks, our core acreage as we go forward.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan : And then in the Midland Basin, in the Wolfcamp, you indicated that it’s more technically challenging than the Delaware Basin. Could you talk about in what way it’s more technically challenging, and what would you expect to be the outcome after you do your analysis? And are your wells overall there in line with your 430,000 BOE type curve, or EUR estimate?
Bill Thomas : The answer to the first question is yeah, we haven’t changed our EUR per well. It’s still a growth, 430 MBOE per well. The challenge there is just kind of twofold. Number one is the rock quality in the Midland Basin is not quite as strong as what we see in the Wolfcamp and the Leonard plays in the Delaware Basin.  And then the second thing is that frack containment is more of an issue in the Midland Basin. As you know, they have, at least in the areas we’re working, we have three potential [pay zones], and so you drill a lateral in one of the pay zones and you frack a well, and it has a tendency to grow up into the other pay zone.  And then also, laterally, horizontally, away from the well bores, we’re seeing that you have the interference between wells there if you’re not careful. But I would say this, we’re optimistic that we’ll be able to solve those issues, and to be able to contain the frack better vertically and horizontally.  And that’s what it’s going to take to add the multiple pays to the play, multiple pay targets, and also to decrease the spacing size. So we’re working diligently on that, but it’s certainly more challenging than the plays in the Delaware Basin. 
Operator: And that is all the time that we do have for questions today. Mr. Papa, I’ll turn things over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Papa: I have no additional remarks. Thanks, everyone, for listening in.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer William Thomas - President Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources 2012 fourth quarter and full-year results conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for taking the time to join us. I hope that everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and the EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Eagle Ford, Wolfcamp and Leonard may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President, Gary Thomas, COO, Llyod Helms, EVP, Operations, Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO, Maire Baldwin, VP of IR and Jill Miller, Manager of Engineering and Acquisitions An updated IR Presentation was posted to our website last night and we included first quarter and full-year 2013 guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning, we'll discuss topics in the following order. I'll first review our 2012 fourth quarter and full-year net income and discretionary cash flow. Then Bill Thomas and I will provide operational results followed by reserve replacement, our macro view and hedge position, and our 2013 business plan. Tim Driggers will then discuss financials and capital structure, and I'll finish with concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the full year 2012, EOG reported net income $570.3 million, or $2.11 per share and a net loss of $505 million, or dollar $1.88 per share for the fourth quarter. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG's full-year adjusted net income was $1.54 billion, or $5.67 per share and $437 million or $1.61 per share for the fourth quarter 2012. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's 2012 Bcf was $5.7 billion for the full year and $1.4 billion for the fourth quarter. I will now address our operational results in key plays. We had a good fourth quarter providing a capstone to a very strong full year 2012. Our fourth quarter oil volumes essentially hit the mid-point of our guidance. Our unit costs significantly weak guidance and partially due to our crude by rail system, our domestic crude netback was at a significant premium over WTI. For the full year, our crude and condensate volumes were up 39% year-over-year, NGL volumes were up 32% and total liquids increased 37%. North American natural gas volumes were down 9% year-over-year in line with expectations. In Trinidad volumes increased 6%. Overall total company production grew 10% in 2012 versus 2011. Over the past three years, our organic crude and condensate growth rates have been 35%, 52% and 39%, respectively. More importantly, EOG's full-year non-GAAP EPS adjusted EBITDAX and discretionary cash flow grew 50%, 26% and 26%, respectively, above 2011. We believe, we have the highest two-year growth rate in the three important financial parameters of all large cap E&Ps. We expect further growth in each of these three metrics in 2013, as well as improvements in our ROE and ROCE. I'll note that in the fourth quarter, we incurred a significant financial and natural gas reserve write-down, which is very unusual for EOG. Approximately 98% of the total financial write-down occurred in Canada as a result of low gas prices. We have written off the remaining book value of our entire Horn River acreage along with all PDP and PUD reserves, because they are on economic at current gas prices. However, the drilling we have done today holds our remaining 127,000 net acres in the Horn River with an estimated seven Tcf reserve potential until 2020, providing optionality for us. The other major main issue of the component involved our Canadian shallow gas assets. Even with these write-downs affecting our capital account, we accomplished our goal of keeping our net debt to total cap below 30%. I will now discuss our key oil plays, starting with Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford continues to be our flagship oil assets and we have several important points to share with you today regarding this asset. First, as predicted on our previous call, our fourth quarter Eagle Ford production declined relative to the third quarter since we slowed down our capital spend rate to stay within budget targets of previously used the analogy of a coin-operated machine and we simply didn't insert as many coins in the fourth quarter. The good news is, we are ramping up in the first quarter and in January we completed our highest IP well in Eagle Ford to-date. 100% working interest Burrow Unit #2H tested at 6,330 barrels of oil per day with 5.7 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas. The Eagle Ford will be the biggest driver of EOG's targeted 28% 2013 oil growth. Second, we expect the aggregate industry wide Eagle Ford oil production to surpass the Bakken within the next two years. Remember that EOG's 569,000 net oil acres constitute the largest and highest quality oil position in the entire play. Third, through year-end 2012, we drilled and completed 630 net wells and conducted multiple spacing studies, and reservoir computer simulations. Simply put, we understand the reservoir much better than we did a year ago and we reached several important conclusions. The bottom line answer is that we are increasing our net potential recoverable reserve estimate by 600 million Boe and the development economics are still excellent. However, since some of the data supporting this conclusion may be counterintuitive to street expectations, I will provide some backup details without dragging you through the (inaudible) here. Conclusion one is that downspacing across all of our acreage has been successful and the optimum spacing is 40 acres in the Eastern half of our acreage and 65 acres in the West. Previously our spacing was 65 to 90 acres. Conclusion two is that with the new spacing, we have a total of 5,500 net drilling locations on our acreage. Since we have completed 630 net wells to-date, there are approximately 4,900 wells yet to drill or a 12 year inventory based on our 2013 program of 400 net wells. Conclusion three, is that per well reserves will average 400 MBoe net after royalty. This is lower than the 450 MBoe which previously provided because there is an inner well drainage component associated with this closer spacing. A minimal amount of drainage is optimal in developing a resource play and maximizing present value. Multiplying 5,500 net wells times 400 MBoe net after royalty equals 2.2 billion Boe net to EOG which is our new potential reserve estimate. This translates to an approximate 8% recovery factor of the estimated 26.4 net billion Boe in place under our acreage. Conclusion four, is that we plan to drill longer laterals than previously assumed. 5,500 feet versus 4,000 feet previously. So the average well cost is now $6 million. Adjusted for lateral length this is equivalent to the $5.5 million cost target we previously reported. The final conclusion is that using the new well cost and reserves and current oil and NGL prices the direct unlevered after-tax reinvestment rate of return per well is 100%. The bottom line is that we had an estimated 600 million Boe net potential recoverable reserves with a direct ATROR is 100% and the incremental infrastructure cost is rather low. I will now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss other domestic oil plays.
William Thomas: Thanks, Mark. Our Bakken/Three Forks drilling results during the fourth quarter were outstanding and our 2013 program should be one of our strongest in many years. While most of industry Bakken/Three Forks results are trending downward, EOG results are moving in the opposite direction. In other words, our wells are getting better. There two reasons our well performance is trending higher and why we expect our 2013 results to be strong. First new frac technology is improving our wells in every area of the Bakken/Three Forks. In some cases the new frac technology using our 320 acre downspacing wells in the Parshall Core has resulted in a 30% to 70% improvement in cumulative production over the original offset wells are per foot of treated lateral basis. For example, the Wayzetta 156-3329, a 320-acre down spaced well completed in 2012 has a cumulative production of 330 Mboe in the first 340 days in is still producing at a rate of over 800 barrels of oil per day. Please see our updated IR slides for an illustrative chart. The second reason to expect strong results in 2013 is our drilling program is directed to the Parshall Core and Antelope Extension areas, which are some of the best acreage blocks in the play. Two Antelope Extension wells recently completed at our Hawkeye 01-2501H Three Forks well following 2,945 barrels of oil per day and the Hawkeye 01-2501H, a Bakken well following 2,444 barrels of oil per day. EOG has 75% working interest in these wells. In addition to improving well results, we have completed our first two wells on 160 acre downspacing in the Parshall field. The Wayzetta 022-1509H and the Wayzetta 149-1509H tested at maximum rates of 1,185 and 1,265 barrels of oil per day, respectively. EOG has 68% working interest in these wells. In 2012, we completed 28 net wells in the Parshall field and Antelope area with a successful 320 acre downspacing program. In 2013, we plan to complete 46 net wells in these same two areas. Our focus this year will be to further downspace to 160 acres in both, the Bakken and Three Forks play intervals continue to improve frac efficiency and to optimize the recovery factor of each play. If 160-acre down spacing proves successful, this will allow us to accelerate our development program in 2014 and beyond. The takeaway from our Bakken/Three Forks asset is that wells were getting better with continued success in down spacing. The number of potential locations is growing and this provides us many years of high ROR investment opportunity in the play. In the Delaware Basin, we have completed our first two horizontal Wolfcamp wells, in Reeves County, Texas, and we have significant results to announce. The Harrison Ranch #56-1002H tested in the upper Wolfcamp at 635 barrels of oil per day with 480 barrels of NGL per day and 3.1 million cubic feet of gas per day In the Harrison Ranch #56-1002H was completed in the middle Wolfcamp at 377 barrels of oil per day with 602 barrels of NGL per day and 3.9 million cubic feet of gas per day. With estimated gross reserves of 900 MMBoe per well and a target completed well cost of $6.5 million. These results yield a strong 60% direct a-tax rate of return. Our Reeves County acreage has as much has 2,000 feet of gross Wolfcamp thickness in some places and approximately 300 million barrels equivalent per section of resource potential. We have 220 subsurface faults total cost on our 114,000 net acres and we estimate the reserve potential to be 800 million barrels of oil equivalent, net to EOG. This is another substantial addition to our growing opportunities of higher rate of return drilling inventory. As a cautionary note, because we have such a large inventory of opportunities across the company, significant production growth on the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp should not be expected until the 2015 timeframe. As noticed in previous earnings calls, the results from our Leonard Shale play also in the Delaware Basin keep improving. With improved frac technique, the wells are getting better and showing a higher percentage of oil production than previously reported. Successful downspacing and the identification of multiple play targets have substantially increased the number of potential drilling locations. Recent wells include the Vaca 14 Fed #6H with an initial production rate of 1,290 barrels of oil per day with 255 barrels of NGL per day and 1.4 million cubic feet of gas per day, and the Diamond 8 FC #5H with initial production rate of 1,162 barrels of oil per day and 183 barrels of NGL per day and one million cubic feet of gas per day. As a result, we are increasing our gross reserves from 430 in MBoe per well two 500 MBoe per well and increasing the percentage of estimated oil from 41% to 50% of total well reserves. In addition, we are increasing EOG's estimated Leonard pipe potential reserves from 65 million barrels of oil equivalent to 550 million barrels of oil equivalent net to EOG. Our direct a-tax rate of return for the 2012 Leonard total was 55% and we see this improving in 2013. In summary, our 114,000 net acres in the Delaware basin has multiple pay zones targets in the Leonard and Wolfcamp shale plays with a combined estimated reserve potential of approximately 1.35 billion barrels of oil equivalent net to EOG. Additionally, our results from the Midland Basin Wolfcamp program continues to be on track. The Barnett combo will make a solid with our 30% direct a-tax rate of return drilling program. Cost efficiencies have reduced completed well cost of 3.1 million and new techniques are helping to improve oil recovery. In 2013, we plan to drill 130 wells versus 190 in 2012. Because we have an EOG owned processing plant, methane extraction is still economic and supports our drilling program in spite of soft NGL prices. Recent wells include the Evans Unit #1H, #2H, B Unit #1H with initial production rates of 573, 677 and 685 barrels of oil per day respectively and recall A Unit #1H and #2H with initial production rates of 371 and 447 barrels of oil per day respectively. EOG has 100% working interest in all of these wells. Remaining drilling potential continues to grow for EOG in the play. In addition to these plays we have a smaller levels of horizontal oil activity in the midcontinent, Powder River basin and Southern Manitoba. Also we continue to test new Greenfield horizontal oil ideas in North America. Now I will turn it back to Mark.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Bill. As you can see with our Eagle Ford reserve estimate upgrade and our success in the Delaware basin, we are very long on domestic oil and combo reinvestment opportunities for many years and this affects our decision to exit the Kitimat LNG project. We believe Kitimat is good project and with Chevron involved the project will likely get built. However the projected Kitimat ROR did not compare favorably with returns from our domestic shale oil projects, especially in light of our Eagle Ford reserve upgrade. We weren’t desperate to monetize our Kitimat position. We simply believe that the substantial go forward capital required by Kitimat will be best reinvested in U.S. oil shale plays. We hope this explains to shareholders our logic regarding the exit of this project. In Trinidad, our fourth quarter gas sales were lower than previous quarters due to downtime from planned maintenance and construction work on our offshore facilities. We are currently in the middle of a drilling program which includes four wells off of our Osprey platform. These wells are expected to be completed in the first half of 2013. In Trinidad, we expect natural gas production to decrease by 4% this year. This is a function of the timing of first production from our current drilling program. In the East Irish sea, we expect our Conwy oil project to start production early in the fourth quarter. I will now address two other EOG differentiators, frac sand and oil margins. Frac sand is easy to explain. Our sand plants ran at essentially 100% during the fourth quarter and met our completion needs. In the fourth quarter our U.S. crude oil price realization was $10.52 over WTI, up from $5.45 in the third quarter. During the fourth quarter and currently our Eagle Ford crude is priced off an LLS index and essentially all of our Bakken and part of our Wolfcamp crude is being railed to our St. James terminal. To a large degree, our domestic crude price is linked more closely to LLS than WTI. We expect that the recent Seaway Pipeline delays will continue to provide us with marketing prices advantage. I will now address 2012 reserve replacement and finding costs. Because of the extraordinarily low 2012 gas prices and current SEC rules, all companies with gas reserves will likely incur reserve write-downs and EOG is no exception. This will make it very hard for analysts to compare overall 2012 reserve metrics with past years. Because of low natural gas prices, EOG has written off essentially all of our dry gas PUDs in the Horn River, Marcellus, Haynesville and Barnett. Additionally, our existing gas PDPs have been significantly reduced because of shale gas reductions. The total write-off related to price you 3.2 Tcfe. However, excluding these price-related reasons, our reserve replacement and finding cost metrics are excellent. We replaced 268% of production at $12.60 Boe total finding cost. This compares to last year's number of $18.74 per Boe. Our ratio of liquids in our total reserves, increased from 28% in 2010 to 36% in 2011 to 256% at year-end 2012. Our domestic crude oil replacement rates from drilling was 442%. Overall, I believe EOG had an outstanding highly economic reserve replacement year, and I think the removal of gas reserves from our books properly reflects the new low gas price reality. Our reserve books are now more reflective of an oil company. For the 25th consecutive year, DeGolyer and MacNaughton has done their own independent engineering analysis with the high reserves and that overall number was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered 87% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying the earnings release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding costs. Now I will provide our views regarding macro, hedging and crude by rail. Regarding oil, we think the NYMEX correctly reflects slightly 2013 WTI prices, which we expect to be in the mid-90s. We think the dangers of a global recession are slowly abating, so we continue to be cautiously optimistic regarding oil. For 2013, as a percent of total company oil production, we are approximately 49% hedged at an average price of $98.85. Now, also note that we have some options that could be exercised further increasing our hedge position. Please see the table that was included in our earnings press release for the details of our hedging contracts. As you know, our crude-by-rail system has been a profitable venture for us and is one reason why our average domestic oil price was $10.52 over WTI during the fourth quarter, likely the highest in the industry for any company with similarly situated crude. Although currently the price differentials at St. James in Houston continues to be very advantageous as compared to Cushing, it's possible that the spread between Houston and WTI may narrow late this year as additional pipeline from Cushing in the Permian come online. We are already working on plans to use our rail system to maximize crude margins in 2014 and 2015 possibly by delivering to different destinations. Regarding North American natural gas, we continue to have a negative outlook and our drilling plans reflect this bias. We believe that those that are counting on the low gas directed rig count to balance the market will be disappointed because of the large associated gas volumes with drilling in combo-type plays. We have 150 million cubic feet per day hedged at $4.79 per MMBtu this year. We are also bearish regarding 2013 ethane prices. We think it's unlikely that ethane will rebound much this year. It's likely that most producers including EOG will be on the cusp of ethane rejection throughout the year. For example, in January and February, EOG for the first time chose to keep out of Eagle Ford ethane in the gas stream reducing our NGL production by 4,000 barrels per day and we are projecting the Eagle Ford ethane rejection throughout the year. We have taken this into account in our lower NGL production growth estimates for the year. Now I'll address our 2013 business plan, which is congruent with what we reported in our November call. We expect our 2013 CapEx to be between $7.0 billion to $7.2 billion, a reduction of approximately $400 million from 2012. Approximately $1.2 billion of this will be devoted to facilities, gathering systems and other infrastructure. We expect to spend very little, approximately $25 million, on North American dry gas drilling to hold acreage. We have already invested the drilling capital in previous years to hold the remainder of our dry gas acreage that we want to retain. Because of low NGL pricing, we shift some funds away from the Barnett combo to the Eagle Ford and Bakken. We are targeting 28% oil growth which on and absolute the OPD basis is the same as last year. A tall order for a company our size. I will note that only a very small portion of this is condensate. Essentially all of our oil production is exactly that, crude oil. We are not particularly interested in growing the ethane portion of NGLs and expect 10% NGL growth, primarily because we are assuming full year Eagle Ford ethane rejection. It will be purely an economic decision as the year progresses. We are not driven by NGL production growth. Since North American gas continues to be a money loser, we have zero interest in growing gas volumes and expect decreasing production for the fifth consecutive year regarding gas. We forecast EOG natural gas production to decline 14% in the U.S. due the past property sales and lack of gas drilling, but this also could be affected by ethane rejection. In Canada, we also expect natural gas production to decrease by 24%. In Trinidad, we expect natural gas production to decrease by 4%. This is more a function of our well downtime due to our planned regional program. Overall, we expect total company production growth of plus 4%. However the only metrics that drive financial performance is our crude oil growth. Additionally, we plan to sell approximately $550 million worth of assets of which 85% has already closed this year so far. The biggest component of this is our already closed Kitimat sale. We still plan to maintain a strong balance sheet keeping the net debt to total cap ratio below 30%. Based on the current NYMEX strip we expect this plan to generate a reduction in the net debt ratio and year-over-year growth in DCF, GAAP and non-GAAP EPS and adjusted EBITDAX per share as well as healthy year-over-year improvement in ROE and ROCE. Given that we are bearish regarding pricing for two out of three of our hydrocarbon products, we think that is quite an impressive outcome. Now I will turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy Driggers: Thanks, Mark. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $13 million and $49.7 million for the full year. For the fourth quarter 2012, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.5 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, cash expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $143 million. For the full year 2012, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $6.9 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. Cash expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $620 million. Acquisitions for the year was $700,000. For the year, proceeds from asset sales were $1.3 billion. It December 31, 2012, total debt outstanding was $6.3 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 32%. At December 31, we had $0.9 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $5.4 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 29%. On a GAAP basis, the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was negative 13% caused principally by impairments reported in Canada. The deferred tax ratio was negative 157%. The current tax provision for the fourth quarter was $152 million. EOG's board increased the dividend on EOG's common stock for the 14th time in 14 years by 10% to an indicated annual rate of $0.75 per share. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with earnings press release for the first quarter and full year 2013. For the first quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 45%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the first quarter and for the full year. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Papa: Now, let me summarize. In my opinion, there are five important points to take away from this call. First, our Eagle Ford potential reserve increase gives EOG a domestic shale oil inventory unsurpassed in the industry. As I stated earlier in the call, we expect industry-wide Eagle Ford oil production to surpass the Bakken over the next two years and EOG indisputably has a premier Eagle Ford oil position in addition to our strong Bakken position. Our 2.2 billion Boe net Eagle Ford position is not theoretical. The production results are visible on both, in EOG and industry scale. When add in our Permian and Barnett Combo assets, we have an unsurpassed inventory of proven reinvestment opportunities. Second, we have added a new Greenfield project to our portfolio with the Permian Basin and Delaware Wolfcamp, plus a significant Leonard Shale upgrade. Additionally, we are excited about additional future Greenfield shale projects. Third, as predicted, this is the year when we expect to reduce our net debt ratio based on current future prices. Fourth, our 10% dividend increase is a tangible signal of our growing confidence and cash flow stream. Finally, and most importantly, we expect our key financial metrics such as EPS, adjusted EBITDAX, DCF, ROE and ROCE to show positive year-over-year improvement in 2013. Thanks for listening, and now we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for all the color, Mark, on the down spacing. You talked in the past about continued adverse supply and increase your recovery rates there obviously you've done a good job on that. Would you now say that 8% is that pretty much target achieved or do you think there is still more running room there and just curious as to what else you might do in terms of trying to look at your recovery rates and I have a follow-up please.
Mark Papa: Yes, Doug. There is, no, we can't say that the 8% is the final, final, final answer at all. In terms of what we are still looking at doing on there, there is the continued work on non-potential additional spacing seeing improvements from frac enhancement and then the one that I think is the big hitter potential hitter out there is secondary recovery. In the case of the Eagle Ford, it would be through the gas injection and we have commenced our pilot gas injection project down there in the Eagle Ford, and the reason I mentioned it on the script is that it may be as long as two years before we really have a read on the outcome of a pilot project. I just only want to give a timeline on it, but its worse our investors knowing that the pilot project is underway but it's not anything that we are going to be able to provide quarter-by-quarter feedback as to how is the pilot coming or anything like that. But it is fair to say that we are cautiously optimistic that we will come up with a method of significantly enhancing the recovery above the 8% number.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you for the answer. my follow-up is really, you have been very disciplined in the focus of your balance sheet and so on but when you take a right turn, obviously you are inflating your net debt to cap. It makes me wonder, given you have got so much resource opportunity, particularly the upgrade in the Leonard, is that still the right metric, the 30% net debt to cap? Is that still the label in terms of pacing your development and if you could maybe share any updated thoughts on how might try to monetize or bring forward some of those non-core assets, not much non-core, as that Eagle Ford and Bakken, through a joint venture or something? So I will now leave it there, Mark. Thank you.
Mark Papa: The write-down cost, I think I might have said, about 2% net debt penalty, if you will. We ended the year at 29% in asset to write down. We thought we would have ended the year about a 27% number on there. So you can say we have a little tighter boundary if we stick with the 30%. I think what we wanted to indicate, if you look at the bigger picture and we have the chart in our IR slide that we released this morning, that showed years of our inventory, if we assume that we turf up zero additional Greenfield plays and we have already advised you we are working on additional Greenfield plays, that two things show up. One is the locus of future investments is likely to shift to the Permian basin more heavily than you would have expected before this earnings call just due to what we are seeing in the Leonard and the Delaware basin Wolfcamp. The second thing is that as we develop into a potential free cash flow situation starting in 2014, in other words there were questions as to what we are going to do with the free cash flow. I think that the picture is becoming clearer that where that free cash flow is likely to go is into reinvestments into both Eagle Ford and into the Permian basin area likely, which will generate additional production growth, high rates of production growth in the out years than we would have expected otherwise. So we are still at the camp and I know that disagrees with your thinking. We are still not leaning towards JVs in any of the plays that the our key plays, however. Hopefully that gives you an answer.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, it does. Thanks very much, Mark.
Operator: We will go next to Leo Mariani with RBC Capital.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital: Hey, guys, just a quick follow-up on the Eagle Ford. Obviously you guys increased your potential tremendously here. I just kind of look at some of the numbers, do some quick math, 569,000 net acres, 5,500 locations you have identified. That equates to about 103 acre spacing. You guys are talking more about 50 acres spacing. So it is fair to say that you guys have really high graded that 569,000 acres and are excluding maybe some of the untested areas in that number. So potentially if those were to work, it will drive the number higher?
Mark Papa: No, it's not so much high graded. All the acreage is good but by the time you eliminate all the subsurface areas such as faults and everything, and then by the time you honor the lease line that are in there, such as you can't drill wells across the lease lines, then you stay certain boundaries away from lease lines. The amount of effective acreage you can drill on is considerably less than that 569,000. So, that's really the difference between the 100 acres if that's what you were quoting there and effectively the, roughly 50 acres. It's really how much of that acreage can you really access, it's not in a geologic fault or. That's just due to lease line issues Railroad Commission limitation issues you can really access.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital: All right. That's helpful. I guess, just switching gears over to the Permian, you are obviously taking your Leonard Shale estimate up tremendously 65 million Boe to 500 is a pretty big job, and you are kind of doing something similar in the Delaware with 800 million Boe. Those are pretty big numbers. It seems like the results reported, you got not a tremendous number of wells. I mean, what gives you confidence in sort of putting those pretty large numbers out there?
Mark Papa: Yes. Now, that's a good question, Leo. Both of those shales are extremely rich, the Leonard is in most places up to 200 million barrels of oil equivalent per section. And then in the Wolfcamp Shale, is even richer and thicker in some places just up to 300 million barrels of oil equivalent, so they have a lot of resource in place and a lot to work with and each play also has multiple targets and we are working with at least two targets in the Leonard on all of our acreage and in some places we have three or four targets in the Leonard. In the Wolfcamp, we are looking at lease three targets and in some parts of our acreage also, so there is a lot of potential plays zone. When we complete the wells, we're able to isolate the each individual target and we've also had really good success in the Leonard at continuing to down space. We've tested pattern from 80 acre spacing per target and we've not seen a lot of between the wells and so that's very positive also. Of the other things going on in all of our plays are frac technology is really increasing. With each wells, the wells are getting better because of that and we have a pretty strong history. We have 47 wells we've completed before the Leonard, so we have a lot of history on the actual production. Then in the Wolfcamp in Delaware Basin, as you know, there is a lot of deep penetrations by vertical wells for different plays and deeper targets of years, and so on our acreage, we have over 200 well penetrations that we have gotten valves on and subsurface control for both, the Leonard and Wolfcamp, so we have a lot of confidence that the reserve potential is there and then we've been able to continue to reduce our cost on our drilling program, so we've got a lot of confidence that these plays are really very significant plays and we are excited about. They are able to generate very high rates of return on the drilling that we've done so far right now.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital: That's really helpful. Thanks.
Operator:
Operator: We'll go next to Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, guys. Pretty helpful update. Just follow-up on the downspacing comment one more time on Eagle Ford, I know you different lease line issues or other issues that imply 45% of your operated [resource]. On that tighter spacing, but I also presume there's some risking element on the spacing, so any comments maybe on how aggressive or conservative assumption might be currently or how the risking might progress and when you might have more data to adjustments on that potential location increases, which is effectively.
William Thomas: Yes. If you are kind of saying can you expect on the earnings call next quarter that we are going to again raise reserve in Eagle Ford for the subsequent quarter, I would say for the year 2013, you should not have any expectations that we are going to be given another number in Sand with a number locations is going up again in the Eagle Ford, so now it's going to take some time to digest. So, there is certainly a possibility down the road, but for the next 12 months. I think the number that we have given you, the $2.2 billion is probably where we are going to sit at.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s helpful. Maybe a commodity question. Thanks for sharing your view on the commodity but any views on condensate pricing? I know we are beginning to see some price degradation as likely those imports are backed out of the Gulf region. Do you expect any price degradation of this higher API hydrocarbon stream? Thanks.
Mark Papa: Yes, I will give you a comment regarding condensate vis-à-vis the Eagle Ford. We have a chart in the IR slide we rolled out this morning specifically relating to the Eagle Ford. A point that we will make is that all of our Eagle Ford production is indeed crude oil and the chart that we have shows the major producers there and relative gravity of the oil or condensate production that the producers have as compiled by IETF. What you will see from that chart is that EOG is clearly the largest producer, that EOG's production is well within the oil column, in terms of gravity but many be of the rest of the producers there are actually producing condensate as opposed to oil. But I will say is there is definitely a difficulty in marketing the condensate in the Eagle Ford area. You just have to talk to the other producers to see what kind of prices they are actually receiving for that condensate.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research: Hi, good morning. I hate to harp on the Eagle Ford downspacing but I can't resist. If I think about 40 acre spacing, you are basically picking 16 one mile laterals into a square-mile. In the past, you kind of targeted a key zone in the Eagle Ford. Is the go forward plan more of a staggered development with one offsetting in the upper and one in the lower?
Mark Papa: The answer to that is directionally no, Bob. Its wells that are spaced the quite closely together, generally in the same stratigraphic interval in the Eagle Ford as opposed to one in, say the upper Eagle Ford and one in lower Eagle Ford. That’s where you get the issue of a question that logically it would come up, wait a minute, you were quoting 450 MBoe per well and now you are quoting 400 MBoe per well. There is some inner well drainage. Bill, you may add something to that here?
William Thomas: Yes, one of the things, Bob, that we have been able to accomplish is, on our frac geometry, we have been able to increase the complexity of the surplus area that were connecting with each well and we have also been able to contain the geometry on that complexity closer to the well. So we are not fracing really long wing link kind of frac. We are really keeping that frac really close to the well and just increasing the amount of surface close to the well. That really is the big driver in harvesting more and more reserves. If you can do that, keep it close to the well and then you can drill more wells without significant interference.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research: And what do you think about the vertical height of these fractures? Are we looking at things that are kind of tall but skinny?
William Thomas: Well, we have them more aggressive with our fracs. More sand and more frac rates and one of the advantages that the Eagle Ford has over many of the shale plays, it has a very good upper and lower fracs barriers. So, yes, you are right. I mean the fracs are more contained close to the well but they are fully contacting the play, the 200 or 300 feet of that play in the Eagle Ford and it is creating a lot of complexity. So the increased frac rate does help that. You could connect all the play.
Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research: Thanks, and then a follow-up. In the past, really only two world-class shale oil plays and/or plays in North America, the Bakken in the Eagle Ford. As you spend more time in the Permian, is that emerging as a credible number three or is it part of a long tail of number three?
William Thomas: Yes. I think it's still certainly number three, and it's still a bit different number three. Part of that is, many of the Permian plays are still a bit comb. They are not as rich in oil. Although we are making headway on that part of it too, but just the quality of the rock the kind of metrics contribution you can get them, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken is exceptional compared to the kind of metrics contribution you can get from the Permian plays. The Permian plays are very good plays, and don't get us wrong. We are not certainly down on those, but they are still I think a bit distant PUD.
Operator: We'll go next to Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Good morning, everyone. I want to go back to the Bakken on the question. I think Bill Thomas said in his prepared remarks was Hawkeye wells were Three Forks wells and I am curious of two things. One are those the best Three Forks wells you've seen yet and where in that Three Forks section are the place and do you see possibility for more than one bench in Three Forks?
William Thomas: Yes. Those Three Forks wells are in our Antelope area. And in the Antelope area, we do have a significant column hydrocarbon column in the Three Forks, and we have all four benches that have oil in them. That's just the well believe was drilled in the upper bench and it's certainly a good well. I wouldn't say it's any more outstanding than some of the other wells we have completed and we are working on that three forks development and we'll be testing 160-acre spacing and we will be testing multiple benches over the next over year or so, so the Three Forks, particularly in Antelope, where it has a lot of upside for us.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Got it. Thank you. And also going back to, I think point maybe you glanced on a few times here. crude-by-rail marketing. I think, Mark you've kind of made illusion in your comments that you might be looking at taking crude from the Bakken to the East Coast by rail, and maybe you guys are not ready to talk about that, but if you were to start that now, when should we expect that crude might be delivered to the East Coast?
William Thomas: Well, actually we made a few spot deliveries in the last couple months to the East Coast just kind of, (Inaudible) and where we are right now is we are really just kind of doing some strategic work as to the with a plateau of new pipelines that will be the installed during late 2013, specifically to the Gulf Coast. What does that really mean life in crude differentials and then where would we want place or Bakken and our Eagle Ford crude in 2014 and 2015, and then what would we need to do to get in place change our destination, so we are really not ready to talk about that specifically other than to provide our investors that the system we have in place and the locations, where we are selling our crude today are not necessarily where we will be selling our crude in 2014 and 2015.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning. Just following up on prior question with regards to transporting crude to different destination, what if any capital commitment would be required to shift the focus of your crude going from where you have it largely going now to the Gulf Coast, and is it baked into your 2013 guidance or to the degree that you feel that there is the need to get more crude elsewhere, would you need to raise your capital budget for that?
William Thomas: I mean, the one thing about the crude-by-rail is, it's pretty flexible. We don't think there is any capital requirement over and above what's already included in our guidance guidance. We have already got the tanker cars which is a key thing in the track access with railroads. The offloading terminal would be the issues at a different destinations. We are working on some deals there that would probably end up being joint ventures with other people. So at this stage, we don’t think that there will be huge capital commitments either in 2013 or 2014 for the offloading terminals. So the main thing is just trying to figure out what is likely to happen with these differentials. You know, Goldman has their ideas, everybody has got their ideas, but we are proceeding on the concept that at any point in time that we will be somewhere in the U.S. where there is an advantageous differentials relative to other locations in the U.S. and our job is to see if we can make sure we can get our crude to that advantageously priced location.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: That’s helpful. Then as a follow-up, going back to the Delaware basin. In the Southern Delaware basin where you reported the recent well, is that production mix that you expect going forward consistent with the production mix from that well? I think Bill until mentioned just in a couple questions ago that you are making headway on production mix and I was wondering if you could add some color to what you can do to improve the oil production mix in the Delaware and the Permian?
William Thomas: No, I think it is. I think those two wells are representative of what we will see in that particular acreage based going forward. The Wolfcamp does get more oily as you move to the north in the New Mexico in some places. We have not drilled a Wolfcamp well up there yet but hopefully that will be a bit more oily. The main thing on increasing the oil out of these combo plays is certainly the narrow rocking connected to the well's surface area is a big deal. We also have some production techniques we are working on. I think we are not really ready to talk about those right now but we are making some headway on helping to increase the recovery of oil there but we feel really good. I think these whole combo plays are certainly more challenging as these NGL prices have weakened but going forward I believe that we will be able to technically improve those and make those plays better in the future.
Mark Papa: Yes, just to add a little bit color to that, Brian. For example, in the in the Leonard play out there, where we previously had shown that the mix was about 41%, although now we are saying the mix is about 50% oil, a lot of it is in the design of the fracs. We typically keep trying to close mouth about most of this stuff because we don’t want share our secrets but the concept of designing the fracs to not have fracs that are necessarily long fracs but have fracs that really increase the surface area near the wellbore more efficiently as opposed to just having long fracs that increases surface area far from the wellbore. What that does is it really likely improves the ability for oil to flow in a radius around the wellbore and that is probably what we think is causing the increased oil yield. So there is things you can do on frac designs that can modify things and help in these combo plays to get more oil out of them. So I am particularly impressed with this Leonard play. A couple reasons why they are upgraded reserves. Number one, that 55 million Boe, that’s probably have a two to three year-old reserve estimate. So it’s a very stale reserve estimate. Number two, all that acreage has been held by production. So we haven’t had any urgent lease expirations. So we haven’t been drilling frantically on it to hold leases. That’s one where even though we take our time, do our science, we purposely kept quiet, as EOG does on some of these plays until we get our Ps and Qs right, but when you take 550 million Boe at 50% oil, we have got something pretty good there and that's going to turn into a pretty significant oil play for us. And that's obviously moved up considerably on our priority list for the particularly 2014-2015 kind of timeframe for capital.
Operator: This does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Papa, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
Mark Papa: I have no additional remarks. Thank you for listening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William R. Thomas - President Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this EOG Resources Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning, and thanks for taking the time to join us on election day. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2012 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President; Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we included fourth quarter and updated full year 2012 guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning, I'll discuss topics in the following order: I'll initially review our third quarter 2012 net income and discretionary cash flow. Then Bill, Thomas and I will provide operational results. Tim Driggers will discuss financials and capital structure. I'll then follow with our macro view, our preliminary 2013 business plan and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release for the third quarter 2012, EOG reported net income of $355.5 million or $1.31 per diluted share. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain nonrecurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG's third quarter 2012 adjusted net income was $468.7 million or $1.73 per diluted share. Our third quarter non-GAAP earnings versus guidance was a result of a pleasant trifecta, higher oil volumes, higher oil price realizations and lower unit costs. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the third quarter was $1.6 billion. I'll now address our operational results in key plays. For the third quarter, all 3 of our production components met or exceeded the high end of our guidance. Our total company crude oil and condensate production was up 42% year-over-year, and total liquids were up 40%. Total EOG production increased 12.4% year-over-year for the third quarter. North American gas was down 10% as predicted, but Trinidad gas increased 17% due to higher than expected contract takes. I'll also note that essentially all of our unit costs were below midpoint projections and several, such as LOE and DD&A, were below the low point of our guidance range. The benefits of high volume growth on our unit cost is showing up in the numbers. We're also pleased to note that our G&A per dollar of revenue is one of the lowest in the peer group. As we did following both first and second quarter results, we are again increasing our full year total company liquids production growth target, this time from 35% to 38%, boosting our crude oil growth target from 37% to 40% and our NGL growth target from 31% to 33%. Our total company growth target has also increased from 9% to 10.6%. These increases are the result of continued outperformance from our top oil plays. As we've repeatedly stated, we're not interested in growing hydrocarbon volume simply for the sake of, growth. In fact, we purposely shrunk our North American gas production for 4 straight years simply because it's a money loser. We are, however, very interested in growing our financial metrics, such as EPS, adjusted EBITDAX and DCF. In the third quarter, our year-over-year increase in non-GAAP EPS was 108%, adjusted EBITDAX growth was 39% and DCF increased 37%. We believe we're one of very few large cap E&Ps who have shown a substantial increase in these financial metrics in both 2011 and 2012. The biggest single driver for this growth in our financial metrics has been our high organic crude oil growth rate: 35% in 2010, 52% in 2011 and projected 40% this year in spite of $3.3 billion of total assets sales over the same period. On a go-forward basis, we expect to continue to have the best organic oil growth rate of any large cap independent, although the year-over-year percentage numbers will be smaller as we become a large oil company. I'll now discuss the plays driving our high organic crude oil growth rates, starting with the Eagle Ford. The play was again the biggest driver of our quarterly oil growth outperformance as it has been all year. We're the largest crude oil producer in the play with 109,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day net after royalty for the quarter, 75% of which was oil and 13% was NGLs. I'll now discuss 4 key points regarding the Eagle Ford. First, during the August call, I may have caused a flurry of comments among sell siders when I mentioned that during the second quarter, we completed 16 monster wells, which I defined as having IPs between 2,500 and 4,800 barrels of oil per day plus gas and NGLs. This reflects the quality of our acreage plus our completion methodology. During the third quarter, we added 12 additional monster wells, one of which, the Baker-DeForest Unit #4H, tested at 4,598 barrels of oil per day which -- with 4 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas at a normal choke rate flowing into production facilities. We have 100% working interest in 10 of 12 of these monster wells, several of which are outlined in our press release. Second, we have drilled in our flow testing several multi-well pilots spaced more densely than our current 65 to 90 acres spacing. We expect to have some spacing conclusions in the effect on the recovery factor from these pilots during the first half of 2013. Third, the majority of our Eagle Ford crude is currently priced off an LLS premier market index, providing an advantage over WTI pricing. Additionally, with the cost advantage of our self-sourced frac sand and further efficiencies, our average well costs have been drifting back down towards our $5.5 million per well target instead of the $6 million I reported last quarter. Together, the LLS indexed oil price and the lower well costs have further improved the excellent economics of the play. And fourth, we're currently running 20 rigs and expect to drill 320 net wells this year. Our current average drilling time has decreased to 13 days per well. Overall, we've significantly slowed our total company capital activity to stay within our capital budget. We're currently running 52 rigs across the company compared to an average of 70 in the first half. To even further slow capital activity, we've dropped the number of completion crews and the number of days per crew. This is the primary reason we expect fourth quarter total EOG liquid volumes to be slightly down from the third quarter. Besides, 40% year-over-year oil growth is plenty strong for a company our size. We have to catch our breath so we can come out of the starting gates strong in January. I'll now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss other North American plays.
William R. Thomas: Thanks, Mark. We continue to be particularly upbeat about the Bakken and Three Forks potential on our acreage in the Williston Basin. In the Bakken Core area, the 320-acre downspacing has proven to be successful, and 2 recent wells further confirmed the strength. The Fertile 46-1608H tested at 1,732 barrels of oil per day, with 90 barrels per day of NGLs and 363 Mcf per day of natural gas. The Fertile 47-712H (sic) [Fertile 47-0712H] tested at 1,258 barrels of oil per day, an 83 barrels per day of NGLs and 332 Mcf of gas. We have 92% and 78% working interest in these wells, respectively. We'll be testing 160-acre downspacing in the Core late this year, and we hope to have some results from our pilot waterflood project by February. In the Antelope area, we're applying improved frac technology to our current well completions. We recently completed an outstanding Antelope Three Forks well, the Hawkeye 100-2501H, for 3,196 barrels of oil per day with 5.5 million cubic feet per day of rich natural gas. EOG has a 73% working interest of this well. Other recent Antelope wells are listed in the press release. In 2003 to 2015, we plan to spend most of our North Dakota capital in these same 2 areas, primarily downspacing in the Bakken Core and further development of both the Bakken and Three Forks targets in the Antelope Extension area. We plan to develop our Bakken lot and Stateline areas in subsequent years. Shifting our focus to the Permian Basin Wolfcamp and Leonard horizontal plays. We're seeing Wolfcamp results similar to previous quarters. But in the Southeast New Mexico Leonard, we're seeing improved results. We previously said the returns on these 2 plays were equal, but we now rate the Leonard above the Wolfcamp. The Wolfcamp well quality hasn't declined, it's just that the Leonard has improved. Three recent Leonard wells, or the Diamond 8 Fed Com 3H, 4H and 5H, were tested at 962, 1,148 and 1,162 barrels of oil per day with approximately 1 million cubic feet of rich natural gas each. We have 90% -- 96% working interest in these wells. Our press release, we have several recent Wolfcamp wells and we continue to feel comfortable with our 430 Mboe per well growth factor. Most of our Wolfcamp completions are in the middle zone, with several good wells noted in the press release. We completed the Mayer SL 513LH (sic) [Mayer SL #5013LH] in the lower Wolfcamp with an initial production rate of 1,290 barrels of oil per day with 946 Mcf per day of rich natural gas. We have 77% working interest in this well. This is our first long lateral completion in the lower zone, and we're encouraged by the results. To date, we have completed 3 long laterals in the upper zones with mixed results. We continue to evaluate the economic extent and productivity of the upper and lower zones across our acreage. Overall, both the Wolfcamp and Leonard are good plays, but they are combo-type plays and are inherently less economic than the Eagle Ford and Bakken, which are black oil plays. The same is true of the Barnett Combo, where results continued to be consistent with past quarters. The typical Combo well recovers 80,000 barrels of oil, 140,000 barrels of NGLs and 850 million cubic feet of gas gross for $3.4 million completed well costs and yields a 25% after-tax rate of return at current product classes. This year, we drilled a number of successful step-outs, extending the product -- productive acreage of the play. In addition to these plays, we have smaller levels of horizontal activity in the Mid-Continent Powder River Basin in Southern Manitoba. Also, we continue to test new greenfield horizontal oil ideas in North America. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Bill. Outside North America, we expect our 100% working interest East Irish Sea Conwy crude oil development project to start up in the second half of 2013. In Argentina, our horizontal Vaca Muerta oil well yielded lower-than-expected results. The production results were similar to a nearby vertical well we had completed, indicating no multiplier effect for the horizontal versus the vertical. We're still evaluating results and plan to proceed cautiously during 2013. In Trinidad, our third quarter gas takes were higher than expected due to incremental short-term market demands. There's nothing new to report on the Kitimat LNG project. I'll now address 2 other EOG differentiators, oil margins and sand plants. You'll notice that for the third quarter, our U.S. crude oil price realization was $5.45 over WTI. Considering where our crude is produced, this is likely the most advantageous realization of any similarly situated company. Our 2 biggest production areas are the Eagle Ford and Bakken. As I previously mentioned, our Eagle Ford crude is currently priced off on LLS index. In the Bakken, almost all of our crude plus some third-party crude is being railed to our St. James, Louisiana terminal and receiving LLS prices. Additionally, we're railing a portion of our Wolfcamp crude to Louisiana. On the well cost side, our sand plants continue to function smoothly and provide the frac cost savings we've described in previous quarters. EOG's success is based on a simple equation: higher crude oil volumes and higher crude oil price realizations combined with lower well and unit costs and less money-losing North American natural gas volumes equals more net income. I'll now turn it over to Tim to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers: Thanks, Mark. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $12.7 million. For the third quarter 2012, total cash, exploration and development expenditures were $1.6 billion excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, cash expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $161 million. Year-to-date total cash, exploration and development expenditures were $5.5 billion excluding asset retirement obligations. Cash expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $477 million. Acquisitions cost year-to-date totaled $435,000. Through September 30, proceeds from asset sales were $1.2 billion. Our goal is to close on an additional $100 million prior to yearend for a total of $1.3 billion of asset sales for the year. At September 30, 2012, total debt outstanding was $6.3 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 31%. At September 30, we had $1.1 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $5.2 billion for a net debt to total cap ratio of 27%. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 37%, and the deferred tax ratio was 52%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the fourth quarter and full year 2012. Our updated 2012 total CapEx guidance is approximately $7.6 billion excluding noncash items. For the fourth quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 40%. We've also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the fourth quarter and for the full year. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: I'll now provide our views regarding macro hedging and concluding remarks. Regarding oil, we think the current NYMEX plus $2 to $3 per barrel reasonably reflects likely 2013 prices. We continue to believe that U.S. shale oil won't flood the global market for the reasons I articulated on our previous earnings call. Likewise, we think any meaningful supply effect from shale oil outside North America is many years away and will be very slow to develop. For the first half of 2013, we have 98,000 barrels of oil per day hedged at $99.39 per barrel. And for the second half, we have 68,000 barrels per day hedged at $99.45 per barrel. We also have some options next year that may be exercised and would increase our hedge position by an average of 42,000 barrels of oil per day at an average price of $102.16. Regarding gas, we expect 2013 prices will be better than 2012, but not good enough to provide a cost of capital full cycle return on North American gas well drilling. Our current 2013 hedge position is 150,000 mmbtu per day at $4.79 per mmbtu excluding unexercised options. Please see the table that was included in our earnings press release for the details of our hedging contracts. Now let me provide a brief outline of our 2013 business plan. As usual, we'll provide our specific 2013 plan with volumes, CapEx, et cetera, in our February call. But today, we can provide 4 directional guidelines. First, we expect our overall 2013 CapEx to decline below 2012 levels, primarily because we've accomplished our goal of converting our dry gas resource play acreage to held by production status. This year, we spent roughly $700 million, primarily in the Haynesville, Marcellus and Horn River converting leases to held by production, and we expect to spend only about $100 million next year on dry gas drilling. This 2013 reduction in dry gas CapEx will also boost our 2013 overall reinvestment rate of return. Second, our 2013 pattern of volume growth by product will continue to be dictated by returns, and the trend will be similar to the past several years. In 2013, we expect another peer-leading oil growth year, although the year-over-year percentage increase won't be as robust as in the past since we're becoming a bigger oil company. We expect decent year-over-year NGL growth, but a lower rate than our higher rate of return oil trajectory. We also expect another year, our fifth year, of declining North American gas production since it's unprofitable. In Trinidad, we'll likely have flat year-over-year gas production since this year, we sold at close to maximum deliverability. Third, in 2013, we'll continue to fund North American greenfield oil ideas, as well as concepts to improve recovery factors. Because NGL prices how weakened relative to oil, we'll likely shift capital from the Barnett and Permian Combo plays toward the Eagle Ford and Bakken. And fourth, if one assumes that 2013 oil prices, WTI oil prices, average in the low 90s, then our preliminary plan of combined lower CapEx and increased oil volumes essentially shrinks our 2013 funding gap to a very manageable amount. This is important because for the past 3 years, one recurring theme from investors has been EOG's significant outspend of our organic cash flow, i.e., would we blow up our balance sheet while developing our oil reserves. Today we sit at 27% net debt to total cap and A-, AAA credit ratings. And unless oil prices drop significantly, in 2013 we'll approach neutral from a cash flow versus CapEx point. Since our strong oil growth will continue past 2013, this cash flow versus CapEx trend is positive for 2014 and should potentially allow us to return more cash to stockholders post 2013. Now let me conclude. In summary, I want to leave you with one thought. In this business, there continues to be a lot of hype. The advent of oil resource play has allowed many companies to talk about capturing billions of barrels of oil or billions of Boes as if they're talking about apples on a tree. Be careful of the hype. Go with the company that's putting the points on the board quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, whether it's financial metrics or operational metrics, such as organic oil growth. Results matter and they're easy to measure. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Pearce Hammond with Simmons.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: In the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, what inning do you think we are in regarding drilling efficiency improvements? Essentially, are there more substantial leads ahead in drilling efficiency?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, there are. To give you an idea, last quarter, we said that our average drilling comp is 14 days; this quarter, it's 13 days. And we're now -- some of our fastest wells, we're drilling in 8 days. So we have room to beat the 13-day average timeframe. If you would have asked me 18 months ago whether we'd be able to drill our fastest wells in 8 days, I would have frankly told you, no way. So I would expect that we're going to see further improvements over the next 12 months in the average time to drill the wells, which is going to give us a good chance to drive the average well cost down even further. I mean, right now, the direction we're seeing is the rig comps are trending down, some of the service costs are trending down. So I think that the average well cost of $5.5 million for 2013 is eminently achievable for our wells in the Eagle Ford. And that probably beats the industry average in the Eagle Ford by $2 million a well.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then a follow-up, in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, do you think we're getting to a point of diminishing returns on the number of frac stages? Or do you think we will see the average number of frac stages per well gradually increase?
William R. Thomas: We're getting close. We've continued to increase the number of stages. We may do it slightly more here in 2013.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I don't see us going doubling the number of frac stages over the next 2 or 3 years from where we are today, if that's the direction of your question, Pearce.
Operator: Next question will come from Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I want to see if I can get a little bit more color on the rig drop that you talk about. You talk about going from 70 to 52 rigs here. Like in your slide deck, you mentioned going from 5 to 4 in the Wolfcamp and from 7 to 5 in the Bakken. But just a little bit more color on other areas that you've sort of dropped rigs. If you'd give us any kind of numbers around that, that'd be great.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. And let me kind of segue that into kind of the production targets that we've given you for the fourth quarter, specifically the oil production numbers. The simple way I'd explain it is, we've -- we spend about $6 billion through the first 3 quarters of the year, and we gave you an estimate that basically says we intend to spend about $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. So we have very roughly a $2 billion a quarter run rate, and now we're telling you we're going to spend $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter roughly. And the growth rate of the company, the oil growth rate, I'd say, is very similar to a coin-operated machine. EOG right now is very similar to a coin-operated machine. You put dollars in, and you have 100% efficiency. There is no inefficiency due to exploration, and there is essentially no operational inefficiency. So our growth rate for the fourth quarter and -- is essentially going to be a function of how many dollars we spend. And that's why our growth rate in the fourth quarter is going to be less than it was in the first 3 quarters. And we basically are just curbing our spending to stay within our capital budget, and we're just slowing down pretty severely, really, in all of our plays. But the most severity is going to be in the Eagle Ford where we are cutting completion units, cutting rigs and just slowing the process down. So -- and I've also seen a couple early comments there on our -- where people are saying, "Well, you're probably sandbagging on your oil volumes in the fourth quarter." I know we've beaten the volumes in the first 3 quarters on the guidance, but don't assume that we're sandbagging in the fourth quarter because we are putting the brakes on it quite hard on the CapEx spending. And frankly, I expect it will hit about the midpoint of our 8-K target for the fourth quarter on our oil volumes and not overachieve. It's not due to lack of prospectivity. It's not due to well quality. It's just flat due to a coin-operated machine that we're putting less coins in there in the fourth quarter.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. I guess, can you maybe just kind of address how that might ramp up in the Eagle Ford? I mean, I guess, obviously, you're pulling back to stay within your budget this year. But if you do spend slightly less, and you're spending quite a bit less on gas, might you start ramping the Eagle Ford back up kind of next year? Just any color on sort of directionality and how to think about that?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, the directionality is, what we intend to do, specifically in Eagle Ford is, the last 2 weeks in December, we are going to start dropping coins back in the machine at a pretty heavy rate. And it's not going to show up in any December volumes, but it's going to give us a headstart in January. It will start showing up in early January volumes. And we've got this ground into our numbers. So our intention is, is to get a pretty fast start out of the gate in early January. So I wouldn't -- don't assume that because we're losing momentum in the fourth quarter, that loss of momentum is necessarily going to carry over into the first quarter of 2013. We are adjusting for that, and we'll be reversing that momentum in December. And it should show up in the January volume numbers.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. That's really helpful. And I guess in terms of the Eagle Ford, it looks like your step-out wells away from Gonzales County were really strong in this quarter. I know that you had kind of said that the overall average in the play may be lower. We've had a lot of wells that are 700,000, 800,000 Boe in around Gonzales, but it looks like they're pretty strong. Is this kind of maybe biased, the EUR is up a little bit in Eagle Ford?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, are you talking about the wells in the West there, Leo, that we highlighted on that map?
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. The LaSalle and McMullen stuff that you guys have announced.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, yes, yes, the -- I would still say that the direction that we hope to be heading with the downspacing, if the downspacing's successful, is more likely to be that we end up with more locations at the 450 Mboe net reserve average as opposed to increasing the 450 Mboe average. So although certainly in certain areas, the wells are greater than 450 Mboe. But what we would hope the downspacing does for us is give us more locations with an overall aggregate average of 450 Mboe as opposed to raising that average across the entire acreage block. And that's what we hope the outcome is sometime in the first half of next year. And where we stand on the downspacing is we've got multiples, tighter spacing pilots than the 65 to 90 acres already drilled. We have initial tests on those tighter spacing pilots. They look good. And what they need now is time. We just need some time to observe the performance of those tighter spacing pilots to just see how they do and then cross check them against our computer models. And that's the phase where in now, it's just the -- some time to watch the production history on these tighter pilots.
Operator: We'll now hear from Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Mark, the operating results this quarter were substantially better than the expectations you laid out in Q2. Just curious on the LOE side, could you kind of bucket some of the categories where you're seeing the biggest improvements?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Gary?
Gary L. Thomas: Yes. We're seeing improvement in our SWD, salt water disposal, disposal because we've spent some money and facilities installing additional SWD takeaway. And also, yes, we've made some improvements on chemicals. And it's just kind of across the board, just working all of our efficiencies on lease operating expenses.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So there's really no reason to not think that those cost improvements will continue to get better and at least stay the same through 2013?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we should see that. We're -- if you check the 8-K, we're forecasting them to go up a bit in the fourth quarter, that's weather-related, particularly for the North Dakota side where you get this snow issues and things like that. But directionally, particularly on the oil side, as you look at the full year 2013, we expect to have another year of robust oil growth. I think you're going to see the unit cost trending in a good direction.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just for my follow-up question, Mark, you made a comment about in 2014 hoping to return more cash to shareholders. Implication there is you expect to be free cash flow positive. I just wonder if you could put some more color around your expectations. I know we're not even at 2013 yet, but in terms of the free cash flow generation as you get into 2014.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. The overall point I wanted to make is, I consider 2013 to be kind of an important year because really for the previous 3 years, we have clearly been fighting a large kind of a chronic organic free cash flow deficit each year. And it has been a shareholder concern issue. And 2013, I think, as long as oil prices are in the low 90s for WTI, I think we are finally going to free ourselves from that burden. And then as you project 2014, 2015, 2016, we're still going to have, I believe, peer-leading large cap group oil growth during those timeframes. And it's going to put us in a position where we're going to have flexibility to do some things that we haven't been able to do in the past, such as consider more significant dividend increases, consider accelerating our oil growth by additional CapEx increases if we wanted to. It certainly would put us in a position where we don't have to sell properties or possibly even buying in shares. So what I just wanted to note is that the one shareholder concern that people have had the last 3 years about us, in my opinion, is going to go away starting next year, and it's going to turn into a positive starting in 2014.
Operator: Our next question will come from Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to talk to you maybe bigger picture. Obviously, you have a giant resource here in the Eagle Ford. You've talked about 1.6 billion, 1.7 billion barrels of reserves. I just wanted to see if you could provide us on longer term thoughts on how you milk the cow, so to speak, or to develop this resource to maximize value. You've been running this year a little bit more than 300 well completions. Do you plan to accelerate that, Mark? Or how do you think that it's -- that's fit to develop this in terms of a well count?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, and it kind of gets into our 2013 kind of capital allocation situation. The first thing we have to do is get a handle on what is the true resource here. Is it 1.6 billion barrels as it currently stands, which is our 65 and 90 acre spacing? Or is it some other number depending on what our spacing tests show. So that's kind of job 1, and we think we'll have that answer, as I mentioned earlier, within 6 months. And then based on that, then we decide how -- what's the most intelligent way to develop this thing. But I will say the direction for 2013 is to -- we are more likely to attempt to accelerate development above the 320 well level as opposed to decelerate the development below the 320 well level in 2013, assuming oil prices stay at current levels.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. Interesting. And then the reduction in year-over-year CapEx, is that just from rig efficiencies or completion efficiencies, plus a little bit less spending on gas, plus maybe less infrastructure spending? Is that fair?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I mean, the direction I could give you is, and without trying to give you the exact numbers, but we're -- it's kind of like filling the pieces, we're telling you we're spending $7.6 billion this year. And if you say we spent $700 million on dry gas this year and we're going to spend $100 million next year, that ought to give you a pretty good direction on what we are thinking at this point in time our CapEx is going to be for next year. That's all I'll say about it at this point. But you can kind of fill-in the blanks there.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And last question, Mark, obviously, the returns have gone down as you frontloaded spending in your oil plays. And obviously, given the high reinvestment opportunities in the Eagle Ford, high return opportunities, your returns should rise over time. I guess, as you think about the longer term focus on growing your returns, do you -- where does EOG stand in terms of adding 1 or 2 more unconventional plays? Where are you in that process?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, well, again, our position is different than most peer companies. Most peer companies, when they -- it seems like, to me, when they acquire acreage on a potential new play, they make a big announcement about it often before they even drilled the well. And our position is just the opposite. Whenever we have a play that we have confirmed through multiple wells that works and whenever we've tied up whatever acreage level we want, that's the first time you'll hear about our greenfield play. And so, we're working on multiple ones, and the first time you hear about it is when we have everything tied up as closely -- as tightly as we can. So we're not going to give you an indication of any timeframe or anything related to them, other than to let you know we're working on some.
Operator: Now we'll take a question from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: There's a glass half-empty and a glass half-full way of looking at your guidance here. The glass half-full way is you're disciplined in spending, building a backlog of uncompleted wells, particularly in the Eagle Ford where we should see a sharp step-up as you reengage completions in the first half. And the glass-half empty way, maybe, okay, $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in CapEx per quarter would drive lower oil productions, so therefore, your maintenance costs to just have flat production would be higher than $1.6 billion a quarter. Can you just address these, how you think about that backlog shift and what you think is closer to reality?
Mark G. Papa: Well, in general terms, I'd say that you'd be a pessimist to say a glass half-empty view of EOG's earnings report. I'd say that the previous quarter and this quarter, we've pretty much blown the doors off the earnings, particularly relative to most peer companies. So I'd -- in a polite way, I say I reject the glass half-empty view. So we have the advantage of having a -- the poker hand and looking at our cards for 2013. And what I can tell you, Brian, is I like the hand we have that we're playing for 2013. I wouldn't change it with anybody else's hand. I feel pretty comfortable. I would tell you, frankly, that the only thing that can sink the EOG's ship in 2013 is a disastrous decline in crude oil prices, and that's why we've hedged reasonably aggressively for 2013. So absent the major collapse in crude oil prices, what I would predict is that if you like what you saw of EOG in 2012, you're going to like 2013 from EOG. So that isn't a direct answer to your question, but I hope it gives you a feeling of the confidence that I have in our 2013 story.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then separately, can you give us any additional color on some new venture areas, maybe your thoughts on the Pearsall Tuscaloosa Marine Shale and whether we should expect you to consummate any new joint ventures as you've kind of talked to a little bit before, either in some of these new venture areas or in less Core plays?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I would say, in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, the only reason we even came public on that was that a trade magazine had basically tracked our acreage position there and published it in a trade magazine. And so, the current status of that is, probably on the next earnings call, we will have a report from our first well. We have drilled a horizontal well and we'll be frac-ing it soon. And so we'll have some data on it, and of course, we're in a joint venture on that. And we'll just see what the results are. And in the Pearsall, we are aware that the Pearsall zone exists below the Eagle Ford on portions on our acreage. Frankly, we are not as enthusiastic regarding the Pearsall as some other companies are. And so, you don't see any advertisements in any of our books trumpeting the Pearsall. And so at this stage, we're not thinking that the Pearsall is going to be the next big huge stealth play for EOG.
Operator: Now moving on to Biju Perincheril with Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. In the Eagle Ford, if you are targeting something more than 320 wells next year, does that mean rig count going back up to sort of high-20s? Or are we looking at something lower because of the efficiency gains you've already achieved there? And also, can you give us some color on the completion increase, how many earning you are running earlier and what the current number is?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. On the first question there on how many rigs we might run next year in the Eagle Ford again, I don't want to get too specific on there. But, I mean, we'd -- based on the efficiencies we're seeing in the days per well and the reduction in days per well, I mean, we might be in the range of 25 rigs next year or something like that. It doesn't look like it's going to be in the high-20s or anything like that for the Eagle Ford in there. And the completion crews, I think we're running 4 right now completion crews. And I don't have right now what number we would be running to for next year in terms of it. But like I say, in our next quarter, we'll be giving you a specific well count as to how many wells we would intend to drill in the Eagle Ford, and we can give you specifics on the completion crews and exactly how many rigs we would intend to run, as well as the Bakken, Three Forks, well count in the Wolfcamp and so on and so forth. So we're not trying to be evasive, but February is the time when we provide those level of specifics, and we'll give it to you at that time.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, no, that's very helpful. And then, if I look at your current Eagle Ford production, it looks like roughly cash flow neutral if I look at the activities this year. First of all, is that a fair assessment? And when I think about longer term development in the Eagle Ford, is it fair to think that you will keep activities up, sort of more or less match cash flows there?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Your first part of that statement is correct that in rough terms, we're roughly cash flow neutral currently in the Eagle Ford. As far as on a go-forward basis, we don't look at just the Eagle Ford in terms of, did our -- our plan would be to run the Eagle Ford 2013 or 2014 on a cash flow neutral basis. We -- our decision on what we do with the Eagle Ford on a go-forward basis is going to be more a function of what we think the true total reserves are in the Eagle Ford and what are our alternative investment opportunities and what's the reinvestment rate of return in the Eagle Ford versus other areas. So it's -- we don't look at it just on Eagle Ford alone, really, Biju.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And one more question, if I could. Some of your peers have talked about a restricted choke program in the Eagle Ford, and maybe that's yielding higher EURs. If that's something you've tested, any plans to test that? And does the efficacy of a program like that depends on the gas-oil ratio?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. The -- all this stuff about -- the stuff about what size choke and people producing in a link to the EURs, we probably have more knowledge, I mean, than any company, certainly on the Eagle Ford oil production than anybody. And what we have found is that the higher the gas-oil ratio, the more sensitivity the choke management -- the more important the choke management is. For example, in the Haynesville and in our Barnett Combo, we actively pursue choke management, and we are looking at, right now, choke management for our Wolfcamp areas. In the Eagle Ford, in the position where our acreage is, which is the black oil area or the area where we fortunately have very high oil portions of the mix, the choke management is not very important. Where other companies have acreage, where they have higher gas-oil ratios, the choke management may be important to ultimate recoveries. But we can't speak about their positions and whether choke management works or doesn't work on their acreage. What we can say is that on our acreage, choke management, in our opinion, is not that critical to EURs. And that's because we have the preferred acreage, frankly. It's just more oily. So that would be our response to that issue.
Operator: Next question will come from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to go back to those Baker-DeForest wells in the Eagle Ford that you announced this morning. Could you tell us where on that 65- to 90-acre spacing range those wells are? And more generally, when you have those monster wells, are they more likely to be on tighter spacing, reflecting more oil in place? Or are they more likely to be on a wider spacing, reflecting more conductivity and better fracs?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Those probably -- the Baker-DeForest wells, I don't have the exact numbers, but they would be on the tighter spacing areas. I can't tell you whether they're on 65 or 90, but I would say they're probably closer to the 65- than the 90-acre spacing in terms of that. So what -- all -- essentially, all the 12 well -- monster wells that we would have related to you here in this particular quarter will be on pretty tight spacing on there. So it's -- what's happening is, it's -- the quality of acreage plus we're giving these wells larger fracs in terms of pounds of sand and number of stages relative to the fracs we would have given these identical wells, say, 12 or 18 months ago, and some other tweaks that are proprietary tweaks to the fracs. So those are the 2 things that are the keys to these monster wells.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Great, that's great detail. And it sounds like there's just more oil in place, and so there's just more to come out there.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. And it's just a more effective stimulation than we would have given to these high oil-in-place areas even a year ago or 18 months ago.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then one quick follow-up. Going -- on the Bakken, going back to your comments, I think they were on the -- your last earnings call when you talked about the response of the original offset wells to the downspacing, the subsequent downspacing, that when you put a frac in, you saw that sustained response in the original well. Is there any update that you can offer on that, whether you've seen that -- whether you've seen that sustain in wells or whether you've seen that replicated in new areas as you've downspaced?
Timothy K. Driggers: Yes, Charles. We do continue to see that in our downspacing, like in the Fertile wells that are on -- that are in the press release. When we do the aggressive fracs, and we've been working on our frac technology in the Bakken, as well as we have in the Eagle Ford, and we're making really good progress there. So when we do the more aggressive fracs in the downspacing, we do see response from the offset -- the older offset wells. So they -- generally, they come up and they kind of double in production. And then they go on a decline and, eventually, they'll get back on the original curve that they were on, but there is some -- certainly some additional reserves in oil that we're contacting with these more aggressive fracs. So we're really pleased that our Bakken results are certainly improving because of the frac technology in the downspacing.
Operator: It looks like we have time for one final question, that will come from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Quick question, what assets are relying on salt water disposal that you'd mentioned earlier on the LOE comments?
Gary L. Thomas: That's principally the Bakken.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then the other, crude-by-rail, what role do you think that ultimately plays? Is that something that simply is run until pipelines come into place? Or is that something that's going to be ongoing as part of the mix forever? And what's the payout period on those crude-by-rail facilities?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Bob, I really think that crude-by-rail is going to be around for a long time in EOG's system. I think the lag time on getting pipelines built is really something like 5 to maybe 8 years. So it's -- the crude-by-rail is not just to stop gap measure, in my opinion. In other words -- and I see the crude-by-rail destinations perhaps changing 3 years, 5 years from now, such that perhaps Louisiana is not the optimum destination to deliver the crude to depending on what market conditions are at that point in time there. So but I would guess that 5 years from now, 10 years from now, crude-by-rail is still a significant kind of a market uplift for EOG's crude marketing. And did you have a second part to the question there?
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes. What's the sort of payback period on a loading terminal?
Mark G. Papa: There, at least in EOG's experience so far, it's in months rather than years.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions. I'll turn the call back over to Mark Papa for any further remarks.
Mark G. Papa: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for listening. And remember, if you haven't voted yet, get out and vote.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William R. Thomas - President Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert S. Morris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2012 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risk associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President; Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we include third quarter and full year 2012 guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning, I'll discuss topics in the following order: I'll initially review our second quarter 2012 net income and discretionary cash flow, then Bill, Thomas and I will provide operational results and our second half 2012 and preliminary 2013 business plan. Tim Driggers will then discuss financials and capital structure, and I'll follow with our macro view and hedge position and finish with concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the second quarter 2012, EOG reported net income of $395.8 million or $1.47 per diluted share. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain nonrecurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG's second quarter 2012 adjusted net income was $312.4 million or $1.16 per diluted share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the second quarter was $1.4 billion. I'll now address our operational results in key plays. During the second quarter, all 3 of our production components approached or exceeded the high end of our 8-K guidance. Our total crude and condensate production was up 52% year-over-year, and total liquids were up 49% year-over-year. Total EOG second quarter year-over-year production growth was 16.5%. North American gas was down 7%, as predicted, but Trinidad gas was up 21% due to higher contract takes. Our aggregate unit costs were below projections. As we did on the first quarter call, we are again increasing our full year 2012 total company liquids production growth target, this time from 33% to 35%, consisting of 37% crude and condensate growth and 31% NGL growth. Our total company growth target has also increased again from 7% to 9%. As we've previously stated, because of the value imbalance between crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, EOG's focus has been primarily on oil growth, which will continue to drive year-over-year increases in EPS, adjusted EBITDAX and DCF. The current imbalance between oil and gas is a 33:1 ratio. In the second quarter, our year-over-year increase in GAAP EPS was 34%, adjusted EBITDAX growth was 19% and DCF increased 20%. During the last 3 years, EOG has proven to be the large-cap independent E&P with the highest annual absolute organic crude oil growth rate, with increases of 35%, 52% and projected 37% for this year. This growth is more amazing when you consider we've sold $3.2 billion of assets during this period. A chart in our most recent IR presentation shows EOG is the industry leader in horizontal oil production by a 2:1 ratio over the #2 producer. Additionally, we have quite a substantial amount of North American natural gas reserves in large resource plays, which we've inventoried until market conditions improve. I'll now discuss the plays driving our extraordinarily high organic oil growth rate, starting with the Eagle Ford. On our May earnings call, I described EOG's Eagle Ford position as our 800-pound gorilla. Based on the results in the past 90 days, we still continue to believe our acreage is the largest domestic net oil discovery in the past 40 years and generates the highest after-tax reinvestment rate of return of any current large hydrocarbon play. We're the largest crude oil producer in the play, with 103,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day net production for June, 76% of which was oil and 14% was NGLs. I'll now discuss 5 key points regarding the Eagle Ford. First, this has been our strongest quarter ever for completion of what I'll call monster oil wells, which I'll define as wells having IP rates of 2,500 barrels of oil a day plus gas and NGLs. Our press release lists several of these, but by my count, we had 16 wells with initial production rates between 2,500 and 4,800 barrels of oil per day plus gas and NGLs this quarter, all in which EOG has 100% working interest. The 16 monster wells in one quarter is particularly startling when we haven't seen any announcement by other Eagle Ford operators of even one such monster well to date. This is a testament to both the quality of our acreage and our completion expertise. During the quarter, we set a new record for the best single well, the Boothe 10H, which IP-ed at 4,820 barrels of oil per day with 7.5 million cubic feet a day of rich gas, which is the upper limit of our testing facilities. Second, our rate of learning on optimizing oil recovery from this asset continues to dramatically improve. During the quarter, we made excellent technical progress in understanding how to get more oil out of the Eagle Ford, and the results are showing up in improved well quality. For proprietary reasons, I'm not going to go into specifics here other than to let you know I'm directionally very pleased with the results, and they're showing up in our well results like the Boothe #10H. Third, we plan to drill 330 net wells this year, up from the 300 we previously indicated. Because our drilling time per well has declined from 21 days in 2009 to the current 14 days, but dropped from 23 to 20 rigs during the second half of the year. We also front-end loaded our 2012 Eagle Ford completion activity. So consequently, our rate of production growth will moderate in the second half. In the first half of the year, we brought 179 wells to sales and plan to bring 145 wells to sales during the second half. These nuances have been taken into account in our second half guidance. Fourth, we're now connected to the Eagle Ford -- or excuse me, to the Enterprise oil pipeline and the new Enterprise natural gas processing plant and pipelines. So the go-forward concern regarding takeaway bottlenecks is considerably reduced. Essentially all of our Eagle Ford oil is currently priced off an OIX index. And fifth and finally, our logistics regarding our self-sourced Wisconsin frac sand have performed smoothly all quarter, and our frac cost savings are still $0.5 million a well. However, I will note that we are now pumping bigger fracs, and this has offset our cost savings. Combined with the higher cost of gel, our average well cost is about $6 million per well, higher than our $5.5 million target. We've previously given you typical economics, noting we expected an 80% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return or a $5.5 million well cost. For the first half of this year, our actual direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return exceeded 80% using the actual well cost, so our impressive economics are still intact. To summarize the Eagle Ford, it continues to improve better than expected, and I expect to see further improvements in well quality and reserve recovery. We continue to test hydro-spacing in the play. I'll now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss the Bakken, Wolfcamp and Combo plays.
William R. Thomas: Thanks, Mark. Last quarter, we advised you that we were more optimistic about the Bakken and Three Forks as growth vehicles than in the past several years for 3 different reasons. I'll give you some updates regarding these reasons. First, 320-acre infill drilling in the Bakken Core continues to generate positive results. The press release shows several new infill wells. The reason we're so excited about EOG's core area down-spacing is that our 90,000 net acre core is the sweetest spot in the entire Bakken, and it's where 22 of the 30 best Bakken wells in the entire play have been drilled. So this is a rich hunting ground for down-spacing. With our Bakken acreage now held by production, we are shifting our focus to increasing the recovery factor with down-spacing and improved frac technology. Second, we continue to have great results in our Antelope Extension area, which is 25 miles southwest of the core area. Typical recent wells here are the Riverview 100-3031H and 04-3031H, which tested at rates of 1,834 barrels of oil per day and 1,863 barrels of oil per day plus rich gas from the Three Forks and Bakken, respectively. Third, the third growth area is our Stateline area, where we recently completed the Stateline 08-3328H in Eastern Montana at 1,260 barrels of oil per day. With confirmed success, we estimate 200 potential locations in this area. As you can see, we have plenty of room to run in the Bakken and Three Forks. Additionally, we continue our Bakken Core waterflood pilot project, and we expect to have preliminary results by year end. Shifting to our Permian Basin, Wolfcamp and Leonard horizontal plays, our results continue to be consistent with previous quarters. The recent Wolfcamp completions are the Munson #1001H, #1002H and #1003H and the University 43A-#0807H wells, which IP-ed at 1,110, 856, 1,015 and 760 barrels of oil per day, respectively, plus rich gas from the middle interval. We are currently completing a couple of Wolfcamp wells in the upper zone and expect results later in the year. In the New Mexico Leonard, the Ross Draw 8 Fed #2H and Ross Gulch 8 Fed Com #1H tested at 722 and 540 barrels of oil per day, with 270 and 145 barrels per day of NGLs and 1.9 million and 1 million cubic feet per day of natural gas, respectively. We have 88% and 91% working interest in these wells, respectively. Also a significant Leonard step-out, the 100% working interest Pitchblende 29 Fed Com #1 was successful and tested at 1,026 barrels of oil per day, with 120 barrels per day of NGLs and 650 Mcf per day of gas. This well sets up a lot of additional locations. To summarize, our Permian Basin program is generating excellent results. We continue to test spacing in multiple targets in both plays, and we believe our 240,000 acres has significant upside for EOG. In the Barnett Combo, our results are consistently good. In the second quarter, we completed a 4-well pattern on our Tatum and Tatum A units with initial full well rates of 400 and 600 barrels of oil per day, with 100 to 140 barrels per day of NGLs and 700 to 900 Mcf per day of residual gas. Our drilling times continue to improve, allowing us to drill more wells with fewer rigs, and we expect to complete 200 net wells this year. We've also been able to avoid any gas processing pinch points that we were concerned about earlier in the year. In addition to our big 4 oil plays, we continue to have smaller levels of horizontal oil activity in the Mid-Continent, Powder River Basin, southern Manitoba, et cetera, and we continue to test new horizontal oil play concepts. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Bill. Outside North America, we still expect our 100% working interest in East Irish Sea Conwy crude oil development project to start up in the second half of 2013. We recently installed the platform and expect to commence drilling in the first quarter 2013. In Argentina, our first horizontal Vaca Muerta oil well has been completed and is under evaluation. We hope to have some definitive results on next quarter's call. In Trinidad, recent gas takes have been higher than expected due to higher indigenous gas demand. We expect some methanol and ammonia plant maintenance downtime in the second half, and our full year guidance projects only slightly higher full year 2012 Trinidad gas production compared to 2011. There's nothing new to report on the Kitimat LNG project. I'll now address 2 other key EOG differentiators, crude-by-rail and sand plants. Our St. James, Louisiana crude-by-rail facility has been operational since mid-April, and the impact showed up in our overall second quarter U.S. crude oil realizations versus WTI. The terminal construction cost is already paid out. Now that the Eagle Ford oil pipeline is operational, we've moved a number of rail cars to the Bakken, and we're primarily using the crude-by-rail system to move our Bakken crude to Louisiana, capturing the current $20 differential between Clear Brook, Minnesota and St. James, Louisiana. During July, we're selling about 20 -- excuse me, about 50,000 barrels gross at St. James, and we expect this volume to increase to approximately 80,000 barrels of oil a day by year end as more tank cars become available. Our Wisconsin frac sand system is also working as planned. The first sand shipments began late last year and, in combination with our Fort Worth plant, is currently providing our frac sand needs for more than 700 wells this year. Most importantly, the sand cost savings to our Eagle Ford program is still $0.5 million a well. We've recently had several investor questions regarding NGLs and ethane rejection. In the second quarter and also in July, we experienced only minor NGL curtailments. Most of our NGLs are processed at Mont Belvieu and not Conwy. During the past few weeks, we've seen ethane prices rise as ethylene plants have come online after the planned maintenance shut-ins of the first half of the year. As a reminder, in the second quarter, only 9% of EOG's North American revenue emanated from NGLs, with 78% emanating from crude oil. Now I'll discuss our second half 2012 and preliminary 2013 business plan. Because we're happy with our first half results, we're making only a few minor changes to our original 2012 plan. In the Eagle Ford, we plan to shift part of our drilling activity to the west, and we'll be drilling a number of lower working-interest wells. We've also reduced the number of rigs due to the increased drilling efficiencies. On the natural gas side, the changes to our plan involve dry gas drilling. As previously disclosed, we plan to spend about 10% of our CapEx this year or about $750 million on dry gas drilling in the Haynesville, Horn River and Marcellus to HBP on our acreage positions. Essentially, all of these gas resource plays will be in good shape by year-end 2012 as far as acreage holding. We also noted we would likely spend 5% on dry gas drilling next year. We now feel that our natural gas expenditures this year will lock up essentially all of the dry gas acreage we plan to keep and that unless 2013 gas prices rise dramatically, we will spend very minimal CapEx in 2013 on dry gas drilling. We will likely run only one dry gas rig next year. This will allow us to concentrate 2013 on oil and rich gas reinvestment opportunities while holding all of our quality multi-Tcf North American gas acreage. We expect to sell between $1.2 billion and $1.25 billion of properties this year, and through the end of July, we've closed on $1.2 billion of sales. Our single biggest sale involved our outside-operated Bakken properties, which closed in the second quarter. Even with these sales, many of which involve oil or NGL production, we've increased our 2012 crude oil and liquids production growth target. We are considering doing a joint venture on at least one additional horizontal oil development play, but it won't be 1 of our big 4; in other words, not the Eagle Ford, Bakken, Permian Basin, or Barnett Combo plays. Our current net debt level is 26%, and for 2013, we anticipate living within our self-imposed 30% max net debt-to-cap guideline and not issuing any equity. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers: Thanks, Mark. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $12.1 million. For the second quarter 2012, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.9 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $145 million. Year-to-date, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $3.8 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. Expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $316 million. Total acquisitions for the quarter were $108,000 and $435,000 for the first half. Through June 30, proceeds from asset sales were $1.1 billion and, as Mark mentioned, through the end of July proceeds were $1.2 billion. At the end of June 2012, total debt outstanding was $5.0 billion and the debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 27%. At June 30, we had $280 million of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $4.7 billion or net debt-to-total cap ratio of 26%. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 39%, and the deferred tax ratio was 67%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with our earnings press release for the third quarter and the full year 2012. For the third quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 45%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the third quarter and for the full year. Regarding price sensitivities, with our current hedge position for the second half of 2012, for each $1 move in crude oil prices, net income will be impacted by $14 million and cash flow will be impacted by $20.5 million. For each $0.10 move in natural gas prices, net income will be impacted by $4.3 million and cash flow will be impacted by $6.4 million. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll provide our views regarding macro hedging and the concluding remarks. Regarding oil, we still think the global supply-demand balance is tight, and we expect prices to strengthen throughout the remainder of the year. Two recent concerns I've heard from oil bears involve horizontal shale oil. One concern is will the U.S. create enough shale oil to affect global supply. EOG's forecast is an increase in the U.S. of 2 million barrels of oil per day by 2015, which, we believe, will not impact a 90 million barrel of oil a day global market. We think there are only 3 consequential horizontal oil plays in North America: the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian, and that all other alleged oil plays are either inconsequential on a national scale or really NGL plays. A picture is worth a thousand words, and Slide 7 -- if you take a look at Slide 7 on our website, it makes this blindingly obvious that there's only 3 plays that are meaningful in terms of U.S. oil impact. The second concern relates to possible international horizontal oil shale plays and their potential impact on supply. My answer there is maybe it will happen, but it's not likely for another 10 years at least. Remember, it's been 10 years since horizontal drilling unlocked shale gas in the Barnett, and no one yet has found commercial shale gas outside North America. Also, the key to commercial shale oil or gas is the ability to drill thousands of wells at low per-well cost, and whether this can be done internationally is likely problematic. For August to December 2012, we're approximately 22% hedged at $106.69 price. We've recently begun to layer in 2013 hedges and currently have 16,000 barrels a day hedged at $98.12 for the first half 2013. We continue to have a cautious long-term view regarding North American gas, but we do believe that 2012 marks an aider [ph] for natural gas prices. We're comfortably hedged for the second half of this year, 45% at $5.44 per MMBtu. For 2013, we have 150,000 MMBtu hedged at $4.79. We recently closed out our 2014 150,000 MMBtu natural gas hedge position. Please see the table that was included in our earnings press release for the details of our hedging contracts. In summary, I want to leave you with 2 thoughts. First, how does an investor decide which company to own when it seems like every independent E&P is trying to become a liquids-rich company? How to decide when every company is touting new, often unproven, or marginal liquids-rich plays upon which they allege they'll drill thousands of wells. It's really simple. Go with the company that's generating results quarter after quarter, year after year. In this business, there's a lot of hype. Results matter, and they're easy to measure. And second, there's been a slight change to my retirement timing. The original plan was that I would keep the Chairman and CEO jobs until midyear 2013, when I would retire and hand over both these jobs to Bill Thomas. The new plan is that in midyear 2013, I'll hand over the CEO job to Bill and I'll remain Chairman for 6 additional months until midyear 20 -- excuse me, until year-end 2013, when I'll retire. The only read-through on this change is that psychologically, after 31 years, it's a little harder for me to walk away from EOG cold turkey than I originally thought, so this plan provides a more gradual approach and orderly transition. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brian Lively from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Mark, on your commentary about potentially doing a JV in one of the other non-4 big plays, I'm just thinking about it strategically in 2013. Are you saying that basically that, in combination with just no – essentially, no gas drilling is going to kind of fund that gap for next year and allow you to continue with the high liquids growth?
Mark G. Papa: Well, we're just -- our 2013 plan is obviously not specific yet, and we'll furnish a much more detailed plan, as we do every year, on our year-end earnings call in February that'll have specific growth targets for both the liquids and gas. But the predicates of the plan are clearly that the amount of dry gas drilling we're going to do next year is going to be pretty close to nothing, only one rig, really, which is just going to be holding acreage primarily in Bradford County, in the Marcellus. And basically, we're going to attempt to hold to the 30% net debt. We'll consider selling some additional properties, and we're going to heavily fund the oil plays, and the NGL plays will be more -- we'll just see what happens to NGL prices. But the oil plays are going to get the vast majority of the funding. And the big plays there that are going to get the funding will be one, Eagle Ford and two, the Bakken because they're primarily oil. The Permian Basin, even though people think of it as an oil play, it's really a combo play, as, of course, is our Barnett Combo. So both the Wolfcamp and the Leonard have -- about 40% of that production is oil, and the rest of it is NGL. So what you can look for are those 2 plays, the Eagle Ford, first, Bakken, second, are going to get the lion's share of the money. And then we'll look at some plays other than our big 4 plays. And if it makes sense, we may bring in a JV partner depending on what our cash flow, what our property sales balance is. So all we wanted to do, really, Brian, is just signal to you that at this stage, the plan is clearly, there will be a further ramp down of dry gas drilling and there'll be a definite shift of capital even more heavily likely toward the Eagle Ford and toward the Bakken and at some additional plays which -- we may look at the oil or combo plays other than the big 4. We may look at bringing in some outside capital.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Mark, that's helpful. Just my follow-up question, and it sort of fits in that context, we saw a pretty attractive, at least in my view, valuation done on a JV in the Pearsall. It looked like that acreage overlapped on your position probably more so than anyone. Could you provide a little bit of an update in terms of what you're seeing in the Pearsall and what you're testing there?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We really -- I would just say that in relationship to the Eagle Ford acreage, we realize there are multiple zones that are potentially pay zones above and below the Eagle Ford, and it's not particularly likely that we would be splitting horizons, vertically splitting horizons in that area. That's not our first choice. So that particular area is not one that directionally, we're looking at carving out some other interval other than the Eagle Ford and a JV there. That's kind of a little bit messy in our opinion.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Leo Mariani from RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Obviously, you've detailed some very strong results here in the Eagle Ford. I realize that, that kind of represents your sort of best results in terms of what you guys have discussed. Just wanted to get some color on how the overall average results in the Eagle Ford, if you take into account all of the wells, has changed from earlier this year.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I mean, Leo, we haven't changed at this juncture from the average reserves per well, which we provided to people earlier, which is the 450 Mboe per well, net after royalty. Now obviously, some of these or most of these wells that start out at north of 2,500 barrels of oil per day are considerably better reserves than 450. But over the entire acreage position, we're still sticking to that number. Now obviously, we've made some improvements, and it's possible that, that number could go up with time. But as you know, we're pretty conservative. And as we've done with volume growth projections this year, we'd rather be on the conservative side. So all I can tell you is the numbers we provided you earlier that come out to the 1.6 billion barrels and the average reserves, 450 are still the numbers we prefer that you use. But hopefully, some of the comments we provided on the call would convey our enthusiasm that the Eagle Ford is a very unique rock in that the more time we spend with it, the more enthused we are about the recovery factors and the ultimate potential of that rock. But it's just going to take some time, some time for us, technically, to get our arms about that. But we are very enthusiastic about that asset, and that's why we have 0 interest in JV-ing that asset.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great color. That makes a lot of sense. I guess obviously, it's a little too early to discuss 2013, per your prepared comments here. But just hypothetically, if we're at kind of a $90-plus WTI environment next year and with gas drilling coming down and cash flow going up, I mean, there should be materially more cash available to fund the oil play. So should we certainly at least expect in that environment to have significantly more oil-directed drilling activity next year?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I really don't want to get into 2013. Yes, I mean, as a percentage of our total CapEx, more -- a higher percentage will be oil-directed. But beyond that, I don't want to get into any specifics until we really get to our February earnings call.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Following up on that last question, last couple questions there, when you look at the techniques on the frac-ing side that have really driven some of the improved well results that you're seeing in the East, what's the applicability that you may have or may not have as you move and shift activity more to the West? And is getting more wells completed in the West the main impediment or the main catalyst needed to take up that EUR, or are you seeing underperformance elsewhere?
Mark G. Papa: I mean, the reason we're shifting a bit more of the rigs to the West is mainly just an acreage earning issue. We've got all this acreage to hold, and so we just have to -- we're driven a bit where we locate the rigs by our acreage earning calendar, and that's why we're -- and some of the well -- a higher percentage of the wells we drilled in the second half will be at a lower working interest than, generally, most the wells we drilled in the first half year are 100% working interest, and we won't have that benefit in the second half of the year. So that's why our overall production growth is going to be tempered. Total company oil production growth will be tempered a bit, as well as just a slowdown in our overall CapEx. In terms of the West, the wells in the West, as a rule, will not be quite as good as the wells in the East. They'll still be wildly economic. But it's -- on average, you're not going to be getting 4,000-barrel-a-day IP wells typically in the West as you're going to get in the East. So we're just -- we're not expecting those kind of well profiles out there, but we expect quite good wells, for sure. So we're just going to have to see. With our recent frac improvements, we expect to see better wells this pass in the West, and we've got a year or 2 going to West, so we'll see. And we've done some drilling in the West all this year, and we found some quite good wells out there. So all this is ground into the plan, Brian. So what we're trying to do is not let you guys on the sell side take our first half results and extrapolate them to the second half and say, "EOG's sandbagging, and their oil growth in the second half is going to be off the charts again." So that's my advertisement I hope I can get across to you guys.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I guess on the topic of quarter-on-quarter kind of noise, we can look and see the Eagle Ford number that you reported for June, up 26,000 Boe a day versus what you had in April. Now I guess we don't technically know or maybe you could help us with what the real average was during the quarter. But that type of growth should look like you're well on your way in Q3, but I know you always like to say there may be other factors that may be more one-off. But can you talk a little bit about the quarterly trajectory and whether you see any temporary -- beyond shifting your wells West, any other temporary hiccups to the pace of the Eagle Ford growth?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I'd just say the number of monster wells that we got in the second quarter that I bragged about, that was an extraordinarily high number of monster wells. We don't expect that we're going to see that in the third quarter. So to that degree, second quarter was maybe a little bit anomalous on there. So we're -- I'd say that there definitely is going to be a slowdown in the Eagle Ford growth, third quarter versus second quarter, because of the working interest issues and also because of the number of completions. I quoted the number of completions in the second half versus the – on there and number of rigs we're running. So as you noticed, our burn rate in the first half on CapEx was at $4.1 billion, and we're trying to limit ourselves, just from capital discipline, to spending $7.5 billion or $7.6 billion for the full year. So we are consciously slowing down our CapEx. And our biggest CapEx consumer is the Eagle Ford. And the analogy I would give you is right now, EOG is like a coin-operated machine. You put in a lot of coins, and we are an oil-producing behemoth with 100% efficiency. You put in less coins, we don't produce as much oil. But we have 0 inefficiencies, no exploration inefficiencies or anything like that. And we're going to be putting in less coins in the second half than we put in, in the first half, and so the rate of oil growth is going to slow down a bit. So it's just that simple.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Joe Magner from Macquarie Capital.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: I appreciate that you're not necessarily getting into details on 2013 spending yet. Can we expect that you will, and I apologize if I missed this earlier, maintain the commitment to keeping your net debt-to-cap below 30%? Is that still a goal for next year?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. That's our target, Joe.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Okay. And I guess as we think about some of the spending that's taking place this year, you've mentioned that $750 million of dry gas spending is taking place to hold leases and whatnot. How much of that might occur again next year, or will you be mostly through a lot of that activity by the end of 2012?
Mark G. Papa: That'll probably go from $750 million to maybe like $100 million or $150 million, so it's going to drastically drop.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Just getting into one of the plays, there's just some differences in terms of how companies are referring to the Wolfcamp Shale, horizons that are being targeted. Can you, I guess, maybe remind us how you think about the upper, lower and middle Wolfcamp and how that might compare to some of the other industry norms that are being discussed?
William R. Thomas: Yes, Joe. Ours might be a little bit simpler nomenclature. We divide the 3 -- the Wolfcamp, it's about a 1,000-feet dig, so we divide it into 3 zones: the upper zone, the middle zone and the lower zone. And those are defined stratigraphically, there's shalier, more, really, clay, intervals that separate the 3 zones. So they're kind of distinct zones that we can map around the basin. And we're not real sure and we know some have broken them up into 4 different zones and things like that, and so I'm not sure exactly what the difference is between us in EOG. But ours is a pretty simple thing. And our focus right now, of course, has been on the middle zone. It's been really -- it's got really good consistent pay quality, and we're consistently making really good wells in that. And then we are currently completing a couple of upper wells now, and we'll have some results on those later down the road. But that's how we're doing it.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Pearce Hammond from Simmons.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Could you give an overview of how you see service cost trending right now in your 4 core areas?
Timothy K. Driggers: Yes. We've seen the drilling rig rates drop. They've been negotiated, probably only 10% lower. The tubulars, they're dropping also. They're probably down about 10%. But as you'll recall, most of EOG's services are pretty well contracted. We've got about 40% of our rigs, drilling rigs under long-term, and then about 2/3 of our frac fleets are contracted. And then yes, EOG provides our own sand. We buy our mud wholesale. We provide our own sources of acid gel, that sort of thing. So our costs are pretty well locked in. So we wouldn't see much additional change other than, yes, we'll continue to drive efficiencies into our operations. And that's how we've reduced our costs, both on the number of stages per day and then dropping the number of days per well.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And then of the Bakken and the Eagle Ford and the Permian, which 1 of those 3 would be the tightest right now on services in general?
William R. Thomas: Probably the Permian, the tightest right now. But we're not really having any problems there. That's probably our lowest activity area. Of course, we're busiest in the Eagle Ford and then next, in the Bakken.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I had a question on the impact on production on the various disposals of the non-operated properties. What sort of scale is that, and when will that hit? Did that close in the quarter, or will it come later?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Bob. In terms of when it'll hit, it closed late in the second quarter, so when it will really hit is in terms of third quarter. So that's another reason that the growth of second half oil production will be a little bit tempered because of that impact. In terms of the scale of it, we typically, on the assets we sell, which is $1.2 billion this year so far, we haven't released who's been the buyer and we haven't released what volume we've sold, and it's because we don't really want to get into all this stuff about as adjusted volumes or pro forma or anything like that. We're not an as adjusted company. So we'd just say it was the biggest single sale of our $1.2 billion that we sold, but that's as far as we want to go on any disclosure on it.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then do you have much in the way of non-op production left in the Eagle Ford or Bakken?
Mark G. Papa: In the Bakken, no. I don't think we have any. It'd be just a tiny, miniscule amount, really. In the Eagle Ford, we do have some -- we are partners with PXP on some, where we operate some and they operate some on a 50-50 basis. So it's not a big amount relative to our Eagle Ford position. As just a guess, Bob, wow, 95%, maybe a little bit more than that of our Eagle Ford we operate, maybe 97%, something like that, we operate. But there is a little bit that is joint outside operated.
Operator: And moving on, we'll take our next question from Biju Perincheril from Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Going back to the Pearsall question earlier, have you drilled any wells to test the Pearsall? And drilling Eagle Ford, does that hold your Pearsall rights?
Mark G. Papa: Second question first. Yes, drilling an Eagle Ford well generally does not hold the Pearsall rights because the Pearsall is deeper than the Eagle Ford. And generally, most of the leases, you only earn to the depths drilled. In terms of -- we have done a little bit of testing of the Pearsall and really haven't disclosed any results yet on it. So you can take that as either a positive or negative. What we will say again are there are 3 or 4 zones both above and below the Eagle Ford that have the potential maybe to be productive, and we're kind of testing them in time. But they're really so secondary or almost tertiary to the potential of the Eagle Ford that they're -- not given it a very high priority relative to optimizing the Eagle Ford. In other words, if we can figure a way to improve our recovery factor by 2% or 3% in the Eagle Ford, it dwarfs whatever we might find in some of the other intervals in terms of magnitude. So that's kind of what's driving our priorities.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then in the Eagle Ford, it looks like you've recently jumped over to, I guess, further Northeast in Madison County. Are you looking at the Eagle Ford, or is that a different play like the Woodbine there? Can you share any color on that?
William R. Thomas: Yes, we have drilled a well. It's called the Eaglebine play, generally, by the industry. And so we're testing some concepts over there. But we've really not thought much about that, and are not really prepared to talk much about that kind of play at this point.
Operator: And moving on, we'll take our next question from Bob Morris from Citigroup.
Robert S. Morris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you mentioned potentially doing a JV in another oil play, I assume that's separate from the JV you did with Mitsubishi in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale and is a play that you've not disclosed or talked about yet.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Don't try and pin us down too much. We're really -- what you ought to take directionally out of that is our inventory in -- out of our big 4 plays is -- and our success rate there is so high that we could easily push essentially all of our cash flow into those plays next year. And so in any of our other oil plays, horizontal oil plays, we may elect to push our capital away from those and use JVs and allow us to funnel more money, particularly into the high rate of return Eagle Ford. So that's kind of the thinking behind what we're talking about.
Robert S. Morris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then on the joint venture with Mitsubishi in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, what has been your activity under that joint venture to date?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Well, currently, we've commenced drilling, and probably, by year end, we'll have first wells results on there. So I guess on the February earnings call, we'll know something from the first well.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Irene Haas from Wunderlich Securities.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I have actually 2 questions for you. Firstly, I wanted to find out, second half, looking into the Bakken and also the Eagle Ford, how should we think about the differential versus WTI or LLX, however you want to express that, and then also within your U.S. portfolio, percent of Bakken crude and Eagle Ford? So that's my first question. My second question is in light of the recent activity in Midland Basin, specifically to the Wolfcamp and Cline Shale play, are you still thinking with your 430,000 barrels per day EUR? Because one of your competitors have sort of raised that bar.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Irene. I'll fill the question about the differentials, and then I'll ask Bill Thomas to fill the question about the reserves in the Wolfcamp there. Our plan -- in the Eagle Ford, we're selling essentially all our oil now in the Houston market. And currently, in the Houston market, we're getting the same price essentially as if we were selling that oil in St. James, Louisiana. So we're getting pretty much St. James price. And then the Bakken, we continue to move a little bit of the Bakken oil on pipeline and selling it at Clear Brook just to keep some pipeline access, and that little bit of oil is getting -- suffering a severe discount, like the Bakken oil does up there. But the majority of our Bakken oil is getting moved by rail and sold as St. James. So essentially, the majority of both those areas, Bakken and Eagle Ford, is being sold at St. James prices. As to the question on the Wolfcamp reserves, Bill?
William R. Thomas: Yes, Irene, there's a couple things, comments on that. Yes, we're sticking -- I mean, right now, we're holding to our 430 Mboe per well on the Wolfcamp. And then it's the same, really, on the Wolfcamp or the Eagle Ford. When we're in the early stages on these wells, we're doing 2 things. We're trying to make better wells but we're also downspacing. So as we drill wells closer and closer together, we're trying to measure what the EUR per well is going to be. And so we're very cautious on increasing the EUR until we really get the proper spacing. And that goes for, really, any of these plays. And the other thing I would say about the Wolfcamp is it's not -- it's clearly in third place as far as rock quality. And it's cleared us -- we've completed, I think, 72 wells so far to date. And it's going to be more difficult in the Wolfcamp play to get the recovery factor up. It's not certainly as easy as the Eagle Ford play or the Bakken play to get really high recovery factor. So we're being very prudent. We're doing everything we can, technically, to make the play better. And it's a really good play, and we're very, very satisfied with our results there. But I would just be somewhat cautious on trying to extrapolate that we're going to get 6% or some really high number recovery factor out of the Wolfcamp as we've done in the Eagle Ford and some of these other plays just because the rock quality and the difficulty there has got a higher degree of difficulty.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Doug Leggate.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Regarding the guidance, if I could go back again to the north of 100,00 barrels a day in the Eagle Ford, I got to tell you I'm struggling to get to your guidance for the year, Mark. Could you just walk us through -- I know you've already gone through it, but how many of the 145 completions are planned to be in the lower working interest areas? And if you could help us with the delta between your 100% working interest to what the actual difference is, order of magnitude, basically. And I have a follow-up, please.
Mark G. Papa: I don't know if we have that data right at hand here, Doug. Maybe Maire can get some of that information to you later on. I'd say again, the best way to look at it is probably the -- we've got more rigs moving to the West. We have less monster wells that are going to be completed in the third quarter versus the second, and some of them are lower -- clearly, some wells are going to be lower working interest, and there's just less capital going to be spent in the second half of the year. And then you've got the effect of, in the first half, we sold $1.2 billion worth of assets, and the effect of the liquids that we sold are going to bite in the second half of the year. So that's kind of the way to get to it, and that's the best explanation I can give you.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe I can try the same question slightly differently. You would still expect Eagle Ford to grow from June levels in the second half? Is that a fair assertion?
Mark G. Papa: Yes.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. My second question's also on guidance. It's on the operating cost this time because it seems you had a pretty phenomenal second quarter on costs. But your guidance again has it moving right back up again in the second half of the year. Can you just walk us through why that would be the case? And I'll leave it at that.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. One piece of that guidance relates to Trinidad. If you notice, Trinidad, we had very high volumes in the second quarter, and then we're toning down those volumes for the second half. Trinidad has quite low operating costs. And so to the degree that those volumes are going to come down in the second half, that's going to skew the average operating cost back up a bit. So that's one piece of it. And a lot of it is, again, the growth in the -- the volume growth in the second half is going to just average -- the rate is going to be a bit lower across the whole company. So that's why we're expecting it to go up a little bit more. So we hope we can beat on the operating cost for the second half, but we'll just see.
Operator: And at this time, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Papa for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark G. Papa: No additional remarks. Thank you very much for listening.
Operator: And thank you. That will conclude today's conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President William R. Thomas - President
Analysts: Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division H. Monroe Helm - Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss, Inc. Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources 2012 First Quarter Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2012 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Eagle Ford and Bakken, may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President; Gary Thomas, COO; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we included second quarter and full year 2012 guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning, I'll discuss topics in the following order: I'll initially review our first quarter 2012 net income and discretionary cash flow, then I'll provide operational results and our 2012 business plan. Tim Driggers will then discuss financials and capital structure and I'll follow with our macro view and hedge position, and finish with concluding remarks. As outlined in the press release, for the first quarter 2012, EOG reported net income of $324 million or $1.20 per diluted share. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income, to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain nonrecurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG's first quarter 2012 adjusted net income was $317.5 million or $1.17 per diluted share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the first quarter was $1.3 billion. I'll now address our operational results and key plays. During the first quarter, all 3 of our production categories exceeded the midpoint of our guidance. Our total crude and condensate production was up 49% year-over-year and total liquids were up 48% year-over-year. Additionally, the midpoint of our second quarter total crude and condensate guidance projects 42% year-over-year growth and 5% sequential growth. Our first quarter North American natural gas volumes declined 9% year-over-year, which is consistent with our projections. Total company first quarter production from all sources was up 10% year-over-year. Our aggregate unit costs were in line with projections. For the full year 2012, we have increased our total company liquids growth target from 30% to 33%, consisting of 33% crude and condensate growth and 32% NGL growth. The higher liquids growth is a result of stronger Eagle Ford and Bakken production. This increases are our total company production growth target from the previous 5.5% to 7%. We have not changed our full year CapEx estimate. As you know by now, we believe that total company production per debt adjusted share is a useless metric, given the current 42:1 oil to gas price ratio. EOG's focus is on year-over-year increases in EPS, EBITDAX and DCF, and our path to achieve this goal is strong crude oil growth. In the first quarter 2012, our year-over-year increase in GAAP EPS was 131%, non-GAAP EPS increased 72%, adjusted EBITDAX growth was 39% and DCF increased 39%. This is on top of the peer leading growth that we posted in these same metrics for the full year 2011 versus 2010 that I articulated on our year-end earnings call. For the first quarter, 80% of our total company wellhead revenues emanated from liquids. In North America, 85% of wellhead revenues came from liquids. Of these liquids revenues, 87% are from crude and condensate and only 13% from NGLs. This strong liquids revenue and volume growth is primarily generated by our 4 large horizontal domestic oil and liquids plays, which I'll now discuss starting with the Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford continues to be our 800-pound gorilla in terms of crude oil growth, and we still believe our position is the largest domestic net oil discovery in 40 years and generates the highest direct ATROR of any current large hydrocarbon play. We continue to be largest crude oil producer in the play, with 77,000 Boe per day average net production for March, 90% of which was liquids.  Our press release again contains multiple new well results with IPs for individual wells in the 2,000 to 3,000 barrel oil per day range. Note that these are oil IPs, and if we included NGLs and natural gas, the barrel oil equivalent per day rates would be even higher because our oil IPs are much higher than those reported by offset operators. I've received several investor questions asking whether we're testing our wells on wide open chokes to generate artificially high oil rates. The simple answer is no. These are flow tests into our normal production equipment with a normal choke in the wellhead. We think the high initial rates are simply indicative of better wells as attested by our 49% year-over-year organic crude oil and condensate growth rate. I'll now discuss 6 key points regarding the Eagle Ford. First, last quarter, we advised you that 65 to 90 acre downspacing was successful, and we'd increased the potential net recoverable reserve estimate from 900 million to 1.6 billion Boes. Now that we have an additional 90 days of production history, we're even more comfortable with these downspacing conclusions. We're now testing space or tighting -- tighter than the current 65 to 90 acres, i.e. 40 acres, to determine if further densifying will be viable to increase the recovery factor and we'll likely have some results by year end. Second, we continue to see an improvement in well performance from recent wells compared to wells completed just a year ago. This is likely due to better fracs and better placement of our laterals. This is occurring across essentially all our acreage. We've certainly seen this in our more prolific acreage where a year ago, we were highlighting wells with 1,500 barrel oil per day IP rates. And today, in those same areas, the IPs are 2,500 to 3,000 barrels of oil per day. These 2,500 to 3,000 barrel oil per day rates are holding up and have averaged 30-day rates of 1,500 barrel oil per day. We're also making these type of improvements in areas with lesser quality rock. With the success in downspacing, we have identified at least 3,200 additional locations to drill. Based on the 300 net wells we plan to drill this year, this gives us an 11-year inventory. The reason we're not accelerating the drilling of this unusually large well inventory is the technological improvements we're making. If we're making better wells than we were a year ago, who's to say we may not make even better wells a year from now? So why rush to drill wells that may not be technically optimum? We're closely focused on balancing the present value of this asset versus this technical well improvement. And you'll hear more about this in subsequent quarters. We've reduced the number of drilling days per well due to learning curve efficiencies and now need fewer rigs to drill the targeted 300 wells. Relative to the first quarter, our Eagle Ford drilling activity will be less frenetic for the remainder of the year as we reduce our rig count from the current 26 to 23 rigs. Third, I continue to be impressed with the consistency of this play across the trend. We don't get a lot of geologic or reservoir surprises, and the few surprises we do get are generally more upside than downside. Fourth. Now that our Wisconsin sand plant is operational, we're currently using 100% self-sourced sand in this play and saving about $500,000 a well. Because our sand is cheaper, our engineers are experimenting with bigger fracs to see the effect on initial flow rate and long-term reserves. Fifth. During the past year, I've highlighted the possibility of product takeaway restrictions, but so far, we've been able to dodge these bottleneck bullets. We expect Enterprise to commission their new oil pipeline and gas processing plant next month. So we think the go-forward risk of takeaway curtailments has been considerably reduced. And sixth. In early 2013, we expect to commence a dry gas injection pilot to determine whether this enhanced oil recovery technique will improve our current estimated 6% recovery factor. We expect to have preliminary results in late 2013. To summarize the Eagle Ford, it's given us a lot of upside surprises so far, and we'll continue to develop it at a technically optimal pace. I'll now shift to the Bakken Three Forks. Each of our 2011 quarterly calls had a business-as-usual tone for our Bakken Three Forks asset, even though we continue to be the largest Bakken oil producer in North Dakota. However, we've recently generated exciting and very significant results in 3 different parts of the play, indicating we have more potential upside and growth opportunities than we've previously indicated. The 3 focus areas are: First, in the last quarter, we mentioned early success in our partial core area with 320-acre downspacing compared to our original 640-acre spacing. We recently drilled 3 additional 320-acre downspaced wells, and all are successful with IP rates ranging from 992 to 1,393 barrels of oil per day. Working interest in these wells vary from 51% to 61%. Additionally, production from the offsetting original 640-acre wells has doubled after the downspaced won [ph] after completions. The typical 640 acre well that had been online 4 to 5 years was producing 100 to 200 barrels of oil per day before the downspaced well was drilled, and is currently making 200 to 400 barrels of oil per day. This gives us production gain from both the new infill wells and the older producing wells. Based on these results, we'll implement 320 acre downspacing throughout our core area, and we'll also test 160 acre downspacing. In our Bakken Lite area, our original development plan was on 320 acres. And by next quarter, we'll have some 160 acre downspacing results. In summary, the downspacing is working and the reserve impact will likely be larger than the 50 million net barrels of oil we indicated on the February call.  Second, we continue to achieve excellent results in our Antelope Extension area, which is 25 miles southwest of our core area. Both the Bakken and Three Forks are productive in this acreage. We've recently drilled a group of Clarks Creek wells. 4 wells were drilled in the Three Forks formation and had IP rates of 926, 1,393, 1,455 and 3,415 barrels of oil per day, plus 1 million to 3 million per day of rich gas. A Bakken well we recently drilled in this same area had an IP rate of 2,300 barrels of oil per day with similarly associated rich gas. We have 100% working interest in all these wells. These results are better than we expected. Third, in Far Eastern Montana and Western North Dakota in our Diamond Point and Stateline areas, we've recently completed 7 wells that IPed at rates between 540 and 1,100 barrels of oil per day. We have an average 63% working interest in this area. All 7 wells have high rock quality that we expected, and this opens up a brand new large development area for us where we have identified over 200 drilling locations. Additionally, in late April, we commenced 2 waterflood pilots in our Core Parshall Field to try to improve our current approximately 8% recovery factor and we expect to have preliminary results by year-end 2012. In summary, we're much more excited than we were a year ago about our remaining Bakken and Three Forks potential. Moving to our Wolfcamp and Leonard plays. Our press release highlighted some individual well results, which are consistent with previous quarters. Because of the timing of our pattern drilling, we expect our 2012 production from these plays to be back-end loaded. We're still experimenting with the optimum well spacing, and expect we'll have more specific detail regarding these plays later in the year. The 2 most asked investor questions we've received regarding the Wolfcamp are, one, is more than one interval productive? And 2, why are EOG's indicated 280 Mboe per well NAR reserve estimate smaller than those quoted by offset operators? To-date, most of our success has been in the middle Wolfcamp interval, but we do have 2 positive results from the upper interval. Regarding per well reserves, in our February IR presentation, we used an example of a well with a low net revenue interest to EOG that was not comparable to peers who report gross reserves. On a gross 8 8 [ph] spaces, our typical Wolfcamp per well EUR is approximately 430 Mboe. I'll also note that although university wells noted in the IR slide we posted last night, have lower initial production rates than in past quarters. That's because these wells tested against -- flowing against high line pressures. We consider that these wells are typical and have typical reserves to wells that we've reported in previous quarters, even though the IP rates are lower because of the higher back pressure. Shifting to our Barnett Combo play. We continue to expect this to be our second largest liquids growth contributor in 2012, and we've highlighted typical wells in the press release. In the first quarter, we expanded the combo play with successful step out wells in 2 different directions. This play continues to slowly expand year after year. We plan to complete 200 net combo wells this year. And year-to-date well results are on track with expectations. I will note that we might have a possible gas processing pinch point in the June time frame. It will be touch and go for a month or so to see if we can add processing capacity quickly enough to handle our increasing rich gas volumes from this particular area. In the Wyoming Powder River basin, we continue to have success with our horizontal drilling program in the Turner sandstone. Two recent wells are the Arbalest 59-3601H, which tested at 412 barrels of oil per day with 2.2 million cubic feet a day of rich gas. And the Arbalest 29-23H, which tested at 208 barrels of oil per day with 1.6 million cubic feet a day of rich gas. We have approximately 93% working interest in these wells. We continue to be bullish regarding our 240,000 net acres in the Powder River basin. The basin has multiple stack pays similar to the Permian Basin, all of which contained oil rich gas. We've had great results in the Turner sands, and we'll be testing other zones in addition to the Turner before year end. Regarding other North American oil plays, we recently completed a nice Niobrara well in Laramie County, Wyoming. The Jubilee 6904 [ph] well produced 460 barrels of oil per day. After a few weeks online, we have 100% working interest. In the mid-continent, we continue to generate consistent results from our Marmaton and Cleveland plays. Four recent Marmaton wells IPed at 470 to 770 barrels of oil a day each. We have 61% to 94% working interest in these wells. Two nice 51% working interest Cleveland wells recently IPed at 490 and 560 barrels of oil per day. We're also continuing to look for a new greenfield North American liquids plays. We have captured a number of these, but as you know, we only disclose these plays when they’re proven successful and we have all the acreage tied up. This same disclosure strategy worked for us in the Eagle Ford, Bakken, Barnett Combo and Permian. It may frustrate investors on the front end because we don't hype unproved potential, but we think investors are happy with our actual order results at the end of the day.  Recently, the trade press has highlighted an EOG transaction in the Tuscaloosa. We continue to have 0 interest in a JV in any of our Big 4 oil resource plays. However, over the last several months, each of our Big 4 oil place has gotten bigger, and we're accreting acreage in other areas. This will likely add to our CapEx opportunities over time. Therefore, we decided to work with an outside partner in our exploration efforts for the Louisiana Tuscaloosa marine shale oil play where we've teamed with Mitsubishi. We don't intend to provide specific funding details, but we hope it's win-win for both parties. To reiterate, any possible oil resource play JVs will be the exception rather than rule, and will definitely not be implemented in the Eagle Ford, Bakken, Combo or Permian. We've previously disclosed that approximately 10% of our 2012 CapEx will be devoted to dry gas drilling in Haynesville, Marcellus and Horn River to hold acreage, and nothing has changed. We expect the percent of CapEx allocated to dry gas in 2013 will be approximately 5%.  I'll make one interesting observation regarding our Barnett Shale gas production, which I believe apprized all horizontal resource plays both gas and oil. For 2 years, we've not only monitored drilling in our Johnson County Barnett gas field, and we've been able to observe production declines without interference from new wells. Over the past 2 years, the aggregate decline of wells has been slightly less than our forecast. This data should ameliorate concerns among investors regarding longer term declines from horizontal gas and oil resource plays. Outside North America, we're continuing to work on our East Irish Sea Conwy oil development with an expected second half 2013 production start up. Production's commencement has slipped 6 months because of a delay in drilling rig arrival. Production will likely peak at 20,000 barrels of oil per day late in 2013. We own 100% of this project. In Argentina, our first Vaca Muerta vertical well has been completed. The well was currently in the early flowback stages after frac and looks strong. We've also drilled and cased a horizontal well, and we'll frac it in June. In Trinidad, we continue to project that 2012 gas sales will be flat with 2011. We don't have much news to report regarding our Kitimat project. We still expect FID no sooner than year end. I'll now address 2 other EOG key differentiators: Crude-by-rail and sand plants. Our St. James crude-by-rail facility received its first Bakken crude oil shipment on April 15, allowing us to begin capturing the current $15 Bakken in LLS price uplift. We now have the capability to move our Bakken, Eagle Ford and Wolfcamp crude to either Cushing or St. James. Based on current differentials, the best NPV for our rail tanker fleet is to move our EOG Bakken oil to St. James and sell our Eagle Ford in the Houston and Corpus Christi markets. We expect our St. James facility to handle 50,000 barrels a day by June, increasing to 70,000 barrels a day by year end. We've provided guidance on our U.S. oil differentials relative to WTI for the second quarter in yesterday's press release.  For those modeling this net back benefit, remember that May will be a debugging month while we iron out the startup kinks, though likely to facility will run at intermittent capacity. We will not have the St. James facility fully operational for the entire second quarter, and not all of EOG's oil production will be sold to St. James. As market conditions and differentials change, we have great flexibility and can rapidly revise where we sell our production and how we get our production to market. Regarding frac sand, our new Wisconsin sand plant started up in January. And this plant, in addition to our other sand facilities gives us the capacity to now self source the majority of our 2012 domestic fracs. A rough approximation of the annual savings is $500,000 per well times 600 wells or $300 million per year. No other E&P company has boasted these differentiators, and only a very small minority has even one of the 2, which, combined with our first mover resource play advantage, gives us a big competitive advantage. Now I'll discuss our 2012 business plan. Because we value consistency, I'm happy to report that there are no changes to the strategy that we articulated in February. This strategy is obviously working because we increased our full year liquids growth target from 30% to 33%. We continue to adhere to a low debt ratio and intend to limit our max net debt to cap to 30% and sell $1.2 billion of assets this year. Through May 1, we've closed on $565 million of sales and have approximately $600 million of sales in progress. So once we close on pending sales, we've essentially met our $1.2 billion target. Over the past 3 years, we've concentrated our assets by selling over 8,000 wells. Part of our plan is to preserve a large dry gas resource play positions, and we're achieving that by devoting a small portion of our CapEx to Marcellus, Haynesville and Horn River lease retention drilling. In the Horn River Basin, we drilled 4 wells during the first quarter and have 3 wells remaining to drill in the second quarter. Once these are drilled, our leases will be held for 10 years. Our liquids plays are generating very strong results as evidenced by our outstanding organic liquids growth. This business plan will generate strong year-over-year EPS, EBITDAX and discretionary cash flow growth even with low gas prices. Remember, only 8% of this year's North American revenue is subject to spot gas prices. Even though some of our gas hedges roll off in 2013, because of our strong liquids growth, we expect only a small amount of 2013 North American revenues will emanate from unhedged gas. Simply put, we think we're better situated than any other large cap E&P to deal with the current natural gas price environment.  I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers: Good morning. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $11.9 million. For the first quarter 2012, total cash, exploration and development expenditures were $1.9 billion excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $171 million. Total acquisitions for the quarter were $327,000. As mentioned, through May 1, proceeds from asset sales were $565 million. At the end of March 2012, total debt outstanding was $5.0 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 28%. At March 31, we had $294 million of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $4.7 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 27%. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 38% and the deferred tax ratio was 56%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with earnings press release for the second quarter and full year 2012. For the second quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 45%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the second quarter and for the full year. Regarding price sensitivities, with our current hedged position in 2012, for each $1 moved in crude oil prices, net income is impacted by $29 million and cash flow is impacted by $43 million. For each $0.10 move in natural gas prices, net income is impacted by $10 million and cash flow is impacted by $14 million.  Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll provide some views regarding macro hedging and concluding remarks. Regarding oil, we still think the global supply-demand balance is tight and the fundamentals dictate an average $105 WTI price in 2012. The upside pressures are mainly geopolitical. The downside risk is a second global recession. And for that contingency, we've recently increased our crude oil hedge position. We don't subscribe to the theory that North American oil growth will create a global surplus. We think a lot of the advertised but untested new North American liquids plays are even more show than subsequence or our NGL plays. For the second half of 2012, we're approximately 24% hedged at $106.74 price. We continue to have a very cautious outlook regarding 2012 natural gas prices. And fortunately, as a percent of North American gas, we're 45% hedged at $5.44 for the second half of the year. We think the current rise in gas prices is a head fake but the storage overhang is just too massive. As you know, we've been a big North American gas bear the last several years, and we adjusted our gas investments accordingly in 2010, '11 and '12. Last year, our North American natural gas production declined 7%, and this year we project a 10% decline. This is likely the largest 2-year gas production decline of the peer group, so we're doing our part to balance the market. Please see the table that was included in our earnings press release for the details of our hedging contracts. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are 6 points to take away from this call. First, the game plan we articulated several years ago is working. In the first quarter, our year-over-year GAAP EPS increased 131%, non-GAAP EPS increased 72%, adjusted EBITDAX was up 39% and discretionary cash flows increased 39%. This is on top of our peer leading full year 2011 versus 2010 growth in these same metrics. Second, we continue to exhibit extremely strong oil and NGL growth for a company our size. First quarter crude and condensate growth was 49% year-over-year and total liquids were up 48%. This is on top of 52% crude and condensate growth and 48% total liquids organic growth for the full year of 2011 versus 2010. Accordingly, we've raised our full year 2012 liquids growth target to 33% while keeping CapEx flat. Third, we're on track to sell $1.2 billion of properties and keep our net debt to total cap below 30%. Fourth, what can I say about the Eagle Ford except that it's an 800-pound gorilla developing into a 1,000-pound gorilla. Fifth, the Bakken Three Forks is our upside surprise to the quarter, and we're considerably more optimistic about the next 10 years of this play than we were a year ago. And finally, EOG has 2 very significant logistical advantages that put us in a class by itself, crude-by-rail and self-sourced frac sand. Together, these provide the opportunity for higher net backs, market flexibility and cost advantages far above what we estimated when we committed to these projects. Thanks for listening. And now, we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on CapEx. Looked like it is kind of trending a little bit higher in the first quarter on a run-rate basis, if I sort of multiply it by 4 for the year. Can you just talk through how CapEx may change sequentially in the following quarters to kind of keep you guys within your guidance?
William R. Thomas: Yes, that's been a focus for us. And as is mentioned earlier by Mark, yes, we started off the year. We've got to a peak of 76 rigs, and we did that because we had dropped back to 65 end of 2011, and we wanted to go ahead and get quite a number of these patterns drilled to bring on our production. We're reducing that to 65 rigs total. That's dropping rigs even out of the Eagle Ford as well as some of our gas well drilling. And with that running 65 rigs, we believe we'll be able to stay within our CapEx guidance.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And I guess in the Bakken, clearly you guys seem pretty excited about it. Just trying to get a sense of how much additional acreage has kind of come in to your development program. And additionally, how much acreage you think left to be tested in the Bakken in sort of the Lite area that's kind of yet to be determined?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Leo. It's not so much additional acreage. Pretty much all of the acreage we have, we think is acreage that's going to turn out to be productive. Out of all the things we described, and we kind of described 4 things there, the core area downspacing, the light area downspacing, actually it's 5 things. And then the Antelope area and the stuff out there in the state line area and then the Waterflood. I'd say that there's a -- 3 of those things are definitely working, core area downspacing, state line area, Antelope. The Bakken Lite area downspacing, we don't know for sure whether that's going to work, and then the Waterflood. But probably the biggest things that could make a difference there are the core area downspacing, which we already checked the box on that, and then the Waterflood. Those are the ones that are going to be the big difference. It's not so much are we going to be trying to prove up incremental acreage somewhere. It's really, really now, how best -- how dense a spacing can we drill on the acreage that we have, and then can we make a secondary recovery project work on that. So that's the way I'd look at it, but there's -- if we can get the -- particularly the Waterflood to work, then we've got, I think, a significant upgrade in the likely reserves that we’ve got captured and the likely production we'll be generating out of the Bakken for the next decade, really.
Operator: We'll take night our next question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In the Eagle Ford, can you talk to, by year end, what areal extent you're planning to test at 40 acres versus what you've already tested at 65 to 90? And then beyond the downspacing, where do you think you are in optimizing completions in the Eagle Ford and whether you see room for further efficiencies?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I'll give it to Bill Thomas.
William R. Thomas: Brian, that's a good question. We have several patterns that we're currently drilling and frac-ing and just starting to test that are on the lower spacing, below 65 acres per well. So we're going to take that kind of flow because that's pushing it pretty hard, and we really would like to get a couple of those patterns fully tested and developed before we expand that to -- over large, large areas. So that'll just take a little bit of time and we'll just kind of see how that goes as we progress. On the frac side, as you know, industry-wide, we are very aggressive on trying new techniques and new styles of frac technology and using microseismic and trying to increase the amount of rock that we are connecting each one of these horizontal wells. And so we're making very, very substantial and steady progress in the Eagle Ford. As Mark mentioned earlier, we are being more aggressive in some of the areas on our frac styles. In terms of sand, we're using different kinds of frac fluids and even different kinds of sand sizes in alternating the pump rates, as well as alternating the way we distribute the frac along the laterals and we're making really good progress. I would say much of the increases in the IPs that you see on the wells are due to just better frac technology than we had a year ago. So we're just very pleased. We're also, as Mark mentioned, the rock quality in the Eagle Ford, it looks like we definitely captured the sweet spot. And so the quality of rock that we have to deal with and work with in the Eagle Ford is very, very, very good.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great, great. And then as a follow up, is the takeaway from your comments on CapEx going forward that your call on development opportunities in your Big Four fields is now leading you to pursue more outside partner funding for opportunity for exploration outside those Big Four fields? And then can just remind us how you're thinking about balancing growth with CapEx and cash flow beyond 2012?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. It's fair to say that if you looked at our Big Four fields, and this is our internal assessment in terms of the size of them relative to a year ago, and you know this, a year ago we were looking at Eagle Ford at 900 million barrels, now we're looking at it 1.6 billion. A year ago, we were looking at the Bakken. And based on this call, we're certainly more excited about the Bakken Three Forks than we were a year ago. And as we also said on the call, we continue to expand in the combo play, although nothing that's discernibly exciting, but just gradual expansion and the same in the Wolfcamp Leonard area. So they've all gotten bigger, some of them -- considerably bigger, some of them just a bit bigger. And then we continue to have an increasing list of greenfield new play ideas. And so we just decided that this 30% net debt to cap is a hard line for us. And we will just avail ourselves of some external financing on at least one selected oil play. And so I think on a go-forward basis, 2 things come out of -- that you ought to conclude. One is the 30% net debt to cap is not a number we take lightly. And the second thing is that the comment about not using external funding in the Big Four plays is just totally inflexible. We're not going to change that at all. But on some of our greenfield ideas for new plays, we may elect from time to time to consider using outside financing
Operator: We'll take our next question from Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company International.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Mark, impressive liquids growth during the quarter. And as we ramp up the earnings season, a number of the producers have delivered some pretty stunning liquids growth. I was wondering if you can elaborate a little bit more on your comments at the end of your prepared remarks that you're not worried about there being a glut of oil developing here in the U.S. given this impressive oil growth in this tight oil [ph] revolution?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I mean, I'm not sure, as the quarter ends that I've seen that impressive of liquids growth for most of the companies. So I might disagree a little bit from your first comment there. I think there's a lot of intent to have impressive liquids growth, but I haven't seen the numbers put on the board. But there are some theories out there by some sell siders that there ultimately will be a huge plethora of liquids growth. But I just -- and there are a lot of liquids plays that are being talked about, but they're yet unproven liquids plays. And I would just say that our analysis is that we just don't think that there's going to be the growth out there that some people are projecting. And if you look at our analysis in what we put out there on our website last night, we're projecting, by 2015, about 1.5 million barrels a day of increase in total U.S. oil production due to this horizontal revolution, which is quite substantial. But we don't think that's going to be enough to change the global supply-demand picture.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And then as a follow-up to Leo's question on the CapEx and how we stay with the guidance for the full year, can you provide us with that roadmap? You say you're going down to 65 rigs from year end and that was starting at where? And then is the majority of that going to be gas rigs?
William R. Thomas: The ones we dropped were -- we dropped 4 there in the Eagle Ford, but the rest of them are principally gas or liquids-rich gas well drilling.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And then what was the starting point on that? Going from how many rigs down to 65.
William R. Thomas: We peaked at 76 and we're now dropping to 65.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joseph Allman with JPMorgan.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, how much of the 9% decline in North American natural gas year-over-year that you experienced in the first quarter, how much of that is natural declines and how much of that is asset sales?
Mark G. Papa: We haven't worked that out exactly. I mean, it's probably fair to make an assumption, maybe half. Half is due to asset sales and half is just natural declines, Joe. It probably won't be too far off if you make that as an assumption.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful, Mark. And then in the Parshall field, what were your previous assumptions about the recoveries you were getting, and then where can those recoveries go with the infill drilling?
Mark G. Papa: Well, I mean, in the Parshall field, the latest model we've done, we keep on updating it. Previously, I'd quoted that our Bakken recovery factors in that area we're about 10%. But now the latest model we've done shows that the recovery factor is about 8%. And then it shows, with the downspacing, hopefully we can take that up to -- from 8% to in the range of about 12% or so, and then further boost it farther than that, if we're lucky enough to have the Waterflood work. I'm not going to quote you a number on the Waterflood. We'll give you that one if it actually works.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Back to the gas comments. What do you think is going on in the Barnett as far as why those wells are holding up better? Is it just didn't have the -- can you just give us some color there?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I mean, what I meant to convey there is they're holding up just a little bit better than what we had projected on our decline curves. So there had been some talk out there that all these resource plays were going to fall on their face once you quit drilling. And the intent of my comment was to say this is the first time where we've had kind of 2 years without a lot of interruptions from a lot of new drilling wells. And the data basically shows that we have 2 years, that with no precipitous declines other than what we had projected, and actually, a little stronger well performance than what we've projected. So there were some profits of doom out there that said always all these resource plays we're going to -- overstated reserves, et cetera. And I just thought it'd be useful to you folks to hear some real work data.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. But, yes, obviously a lot of plays are seeing that so a lot of guys report more gas than they thought.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, sad for the gas market.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes it’s not good. As a follow up, back to Eagle Ford, you said you're going to 21 rigs from 23 at year end…
Mark G. Papa: Actually, 27 going to 23.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. 27 going to 23. Is that just simply CapEx or is there -- I mean, why not, if the play's working as well you think and you're trying to test some new concepts, why not just keep running at that 27 given the return you're probably seeing there right now.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We just had a target to drill up 300 net wells this year. And what we're finding out is with our drilling efficiencies, we're -- it's taking us less time per well to drill. And so we’re able to drill the 300 net wells for the rest of the year just with 23 rigs. So that's kind of what drove us to release rigs.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to jump back to the Eagle Ford. The well results that you discussed are obviously pretty impressive. And looking at your presentation on the website this morning, it looks like those wells are fairly consistently -- fairly close to the transition window, I guess, into the white gas area. I guess my question is how repeatable do you think those results are going to be across your acreage? And are you prepared to not chop your type curve or your expectation for the play generally in terms of near-term production outlook?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, you're right, in that what we found is the wells that are nearer to the transition, closer to the rich gas area, generally have the better quality. And so when you blend them all together, the wells that are farther back from that you end up with that 450 Mboe per well. A lot of these wells that we’re quoting, of course, are our best wells. And so many of them are 800, 900 Mboe per well, kind of wells on there. So again, we're -- overall, it's kind of the average well it turns out to be. The surprising thing to me is that other people, all of which I'm sure are quoting their best wells to you. Have yet to quote 2,000, 3,000, 4,000 barrel a day wells. So there appears to be a big differential between the wells we're making and what other companies are making, which is still kind of surprising to me on there.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: As a follow up, Mark, if I can use my follow up. So as you lower your rig count for this year in the Eagle Ford, are you -- how are you -- are you kind of high grading where you're focusing the near-term drilling program towards that sort of transition region. In other words, should we be looking at higher early production results, maybe transitioning to lower production over a longer period of time? In other words, your 2012 production guidance could actually have some upside risk? I'm just trying to understand how you're allocating the rigs in that play? And I'll leave it at that.
Mark G. Papa: No, what's really driving us is more the acreage exploration than trying to high grade it there. We can cover all the acreage exploration with 300 wells this year, but that's what's driving us, so we're not in a perfect world for NPV optimization, you drill all your best wells in the early years. But it's not a case where we're targeting our best wells in the early years, and then saving all the weaker well later. It's really just -- we drilled some of the better wells and some of the less good wells driven by the acreage side. So you can't really project that the well quality will go down in later years because we cherry-pick the best wells.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think about -- more about front end loading the better wells so that we actually end up with much shaft [ph]. As you say, faster NPV realization. Okay, that's very clear, Mark. I'll leave it there.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Arun Jayaram with Crédit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mark, last quarter you commented or gave some data on the Henkhaus unit where you're testing down the 65 acres in the Eagle Ford. And obviously, the results from the 4H well were very, very strong. I just wanted to see if you could give us a sense for the 5H and the 12H wells. How tightly spaced were those laterals relative to that unit?
William R. Thomas: Yes, they were basically all in the same spacing. The 5H and the 12H are a little bit shorter than the other wells, but their IPs and the way that they're responding for total lateral are very comparable to the other wells. And the surprising thing on that is, is that we have significant production from the other wells on the unit before we completed these wells. And so that's very, very, very encouraging to us. The matrix contribution on the Eagle Ford, I think, has been remarkable, and it's been a very big pleasant surprise for us. So things are going well.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. But in general, those are all in that 65 acre spacing in terms of width? Is that a fair comment?
William R. Thomas: Yes, that's correct. Yes.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up question. Mark, you talked about the offset wells in Bakken increasing in the core part of the field as you've gone down from 640 to 320s. What exactly is going on there? And can you comment, was that a positive surprise for you?
Mark G. Papa: It was a surprise, yes. We didn't expect that. Our theory is that when we frac those wells originally, which would've been the 640-acre wells 4, 5 years ago that looking back, we probably didn't get as efficient of a stimulation as we might have liked and that we now are going to bigger fracs today than what we did back then, and that in the downspaced well, we gave a bigger frac and we probably stimulated some of that area even around the 640-acre original well. So that's kind of -- that's one theory that seems to make the most sense to me, that we would frac new rock around even the older well. So it's kind of an extra bonus, really, on there, which kind of cinches the case for the downspacing there, really. And the other thing it tells us is that clearly the 640-acre original spacing was too wide. So it makes it kind of a slam dunk case for the 320-acre spacing, and then it just opens the question about well is 320 still too wide? And should we investigate 160? So that'll be the next step we're look at too. On the spacing on both the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, clearly, what we did in retrospect is we started out with too wide of spacing and in both of them now, we're densifying the spacing, and we’ll densify it until we conclude okay, this is too dense of a spacing. And maybe in the Eagle Ford example maybe 65 acres is as dense as we want to go, maybe 40 acres is, we don't know. But I guess you live and you learn. The other way we could've done it is we could have gone to ultra-dense spacing to start, and then said this is too dense and then work the way to wider spacing, but we're doing it the other way. So we'll just see how it plays out, but we're concluded that the initial spacing was too wide, and we'll just work inwards until we conclude that now okay this is too close in terms of spacing.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ray Deacon with BBMC Capital.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: I was wondering, so I think is -- I think previously you were saying Bakken production will be in decline in 2012. Is that still the case or not?
Mark G. Papa: I think previously what we said is Bakken production would be flat in 2012. And it's probably fair to say that in 2012, Bakken production will be flat or maybe we'd say maybe just very slightly up. But based on what we're seeing, I'd say that 2013 and forward, there's a pretty decent chance Bakken production will have a good chance to be on the incline.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Got it. And would that be based on results of downspacing in Bakken Lite and Waterflooding or based on what you see today?
Mark G. Papa: Probably just on what we see today, not even counting the Waterflooding results. The Waterflooding, all we're doing right now is a pilot. And we'll know something about that by the end of the year and then we'd have to go to a full-scale Waterflood. And so frankly, it would be 2014 before we really see production results from a full-scale waterflood. So that's still a couple years away.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Mark I just want to catch back up with one of your beginning comments. You said that a lot of your growth is really coming from oil and condensate. And so I want to ask, how do you feel about the natural gas liquid markets, specifically ethane? Are we kind of hitting a bottleneck or simply we have unusual amount of downtime during first quarter. In multiple basins, I wanted to get your take on the ethane market.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I mean, we've put some guidance in our 8-K there. For the first time, more of a gas than guidance as to -- as a function of crude, what our total NGL price expectations are. We don't guarantee the accuracy, but we decided we'd put some guidance in there anyway. Our read on the NGL market is that the second quarter will -- and specifically ethane. Second quarter will continue to be relatively weak. But the second -- and the reason first and second quarters were weak, are weak is that there were a lot of plant turnarounds, ethylene plant turnarounds. But beginning in the second half of the year, we expect those prices to strengthen in a relative sense, and that we're a little more bullish than a lot of people that ethane prices will remain decent, probably in the 40% to 50% range of crude oil long term. So right now, we're not writing off those prices and saying they're going to just degrade to nothingness. And that's based on the long term that the ethylene -- the cheapest place to make ethylene is probably going to be in the United States as opposed to anywhere else in the world. But second quarter, our expectations are pretty bearish. Check with me in 6 months and I might have a different story.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Monroe Helm with Barrow, Hanley.
H. Monroe Helm - Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss, Inc.: Actually, my question had to do with the response that you were getting on the downspacing and you already answered that. So I'll leave it at that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A follow-up on that Bakken rejuvenation. Are you recovering frac fluid from the new wells in those old mature offset wells?
William R. Thomas: Yes, we're recovering frac fluid from the offset as well as the new well.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So you've connected it up and you've kind of done a mini waterflood test inadvertent, Mike.
William R. Thomas: That's correct, yes. And the good thing about this is you're always seeing substantial increase in the offsets. And there were about 7 of those wells, and this production is holding up extremely well in those.
Mark G. Papa: Some of our technical people that are optimistic about the Waterflood have a theory that the reason we've doubled the production in the older wells is that we've in fact done a mini Waterflood with the frac. So that's one theory anyway.
Operator: And at this time, due to time constraints, we're going to conclude the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Papa for any additional closing remarks.
Mark G. Papa: No, I have no further remarks. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you for listening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation today.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating officer
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Eagle Ford, may contain potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in the Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President; Gary Thomas, COO; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations; and Jill Miller, Manager of Engineering and Acquisitions. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we included first quarter and full year 2012 guidance in yesterday's press release. This is our 50th quarterly earnings call since we became a fully public company, and fittingly, we have a lot of positives to discuss this morning, including exciting news from several Texas-based liquids resource plays. I'll discuss topics in the following order: I'll first review our 2011 fourth quarter and full year net income and discretionary cash flow. Then I'll provide operational results, followed by reserve replacement and our 2012 business plan. Tim Driggers will then discuss financials and capital structure, and I'll follow with our macro hedge position and finish with concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the fourth quarter, EOG reported net income of $120.7 million or $0.45 per diluted share and $1.091 billion or $4.10 per diluted share for the full year 2011. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts in certain nonrecurring items as outlined in our press release, EOG's fourth quarter adjusted net income was $309 million or $1.15 per diluted share and $1.0 billion or $3.79 per diluted share for the full year. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the fourth quarter was $1.3 billion and $4.57 billion for the full year. I'll now address our 2011 operational results and key plays. For both the fourth quarter and full year, our liquids and total company production exceeded the midpoint of our guidance. For the full year 2011, we achieved 52% total company crude oil growth with a 61% increase in U.S. crude oil production. Total company liquids increased 48%, all organic. This is clearly best in class for a company our size and is right on top of the 49% total liquids growth projection we provided you exactly a year ago on this same earnings call. Since 2007, EOG's crude and condensate growth and total liquids growth have each increased at a compounded annual growth rate of 38%. Our 2011 North American gas production declined 7% versus 2010 from a combination of asset sales and lack of drilling. Total company overall production growth was 9.4%, again very close to the 9.5% estimate we provided last February. Also for the full year, our aggregate unit lease and well, transportation and DD&A costs were lower than the aggregate midpoint guidance. As I've said on multiple earnings calls, EOG's focus is on year-to-year, year-over-year increases in EPS, EBITDAX and discretionary cash flow, and our path to achieve this goal is strong liquids growth. For 2011 compared to 2010, our GAAP EPS growth was 551%. Non-GAAP EPS growth was 227%, adjusted EBITDAX growth was 55% and discretionary cash flow growth was 52%. And based on current NYMEX prices, we expect continued growth in these metrics in 2012. In 2011, 67% of our total company wellhead revenues came from liquids. In North America, 72% of wellhead revenues came from liquids. This strong liquids growth is generated by the first move of positions we captured in horizontal, domestic oil plays. We presently have 4 of these, each of which we believe is world-class. I'll now discuss each of these 4 plays starting with the Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford was our biggest oil growth engine in 2011 and will again be the biggest component of our 2012 growth. A long time oil field axiom is that big fields tend to get bigger over time, and that's certainly the case here. This continues to be the hottest and highest reinvestment rate of return play in North America, and EOG has the largest and best situated acreage position in the crude oil window. We continue to be the largest crude oil producer in the Eagle Ford with net after royalty production of 66,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at year end, 88% of which was liquids. Our press release contains multiple well results including the 6 outstanding wells on the Henkhaus lease, which IP-ed at an average of approximately 3,100 barrels of oil per day with 560 barrels per day in NGLs and 2.8 million cubic feet a day of natural gas per well. This is the best package of wells we've drilled to date. Rather than provide you a well-by-well recitation, I'll provide some content regarding the overall play. There are 4 key points. First, we now have up to 200 days of well performance from multiple down spacing tests, and we've concluded that our original 130-acre spacing was too wide to maximize NPV and recovery factors. Based on reservoir modeling and pilot results, we now calculate that spacing of 65 to 90 acres is more appropriate and will vary across the field depending on a number of factors including lease configuration, geology and reservoir conditions. Using this new spacing, we have a total of 3,200 additional wells yet to drill plus the 375 we've already drilled for a total potential recoverable reserve estimate of 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty. This is a 700 million barrel oil equivalent net after royalty or 78% increase from our previous estimate. Just this net increase of 700 million barrels of oil equivalent is larger, we believe, than any net domestic discovery by any company in recent history. And the total size of 1.6 billion recoverable barrels is the biggest U.S. discovery net to any one company since Prudhoe Bay in the late 1960s, in our opinion, including the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. We tend to kind of rollover some of these numbers and sometimes one gets lost in numbers, but this is an extremely significant number and I want to quote it you again, the total size of 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty that we've captured in Eagle Ford, we believe, is the biggest U.S. discovery including the entire deepwater Gulf of Mexico net to any one company since Prudhoe Bay in the late 1960s. This is not a pie-in-the-sky number. Our 61% 2011 domestic oil growth was driven by this asset and proves this is the real deal. The number is substantiated by results from the 375 EOG horizontal oil wells drilled in the Eagle Ford plus hundreds of horizontal wells drilled by offset operators. The 3,200 additional wells were determined using our 572,000 net acres and de-rating that number to allow for subsurface faults or other drilling limitations related to varying lease ownerships. Now I know there are a lot of analytical people listening on this call and your tendency will be to take our 572,000 net acres, divide by a mix of 65 to 90 acre spacing, and you'll come up with a much higher well count and an even larger reserve number. We'd ask that you refrain from this calculation because as with any play, a portion of our acreage is eliminated either because of subsurface faults or drilling limitations related to differing lease ownerships. In addition, we slightly raised our net after royalty per well reserve estimate to 450 Mboe based on recent well improvements that we highlighted in the last several earnings releases. The outcome of our down spacing test is that we've taken the original 4% recovery factor and are now using 6%. Based on geologic analysis, logs and studies, we now estimate the net after royalty oil in place under our acreage to be 27.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. The second point relating to the Eagle Ford is that our Wisconsin sand mine is now up and running, and we currently expect our average 2012 Eagle Ford well cost will be $5.5 million, generating an 80% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return. We believe these are the best economics in the entire industry for a large-scale hydrocarbon play. Our well costs are consistently $1 million to $2 million less than other operators drilling similar wells. Third, we currently have 572,000 net acres in the Eagle Ford oil window. Now that we drilled 375 net wells, we anticipate we'll be able to readily hold all this acreage. For example, for lease retention, we only need to drill 40 wells this year. Last year, we drilled and completed 244 net wells and this year, we expect to drill approximately 280 net wells to optimize development. And fourth, during 2011, we encountered no major liquids or gas takeaway issues relating to the Eagle Ford. We still are on the bubble regarding take away capacity for the next 5 months until midyear when the new Enterprise gas plant and crude oil pipeline are in service. This will improve both our logistics and net backs. To simply summarize the Eagle Ford, I can't think of a more substantial, profitable oil discovery in the entire industry in recent times. It's huge, located in Texas, has excellent economics, and it's not speculative. I'll now shift to the Barnett Combo play where our consistently good results have probably been overshadowed by the higher profile Eagle Ford and Bakken. EOG is the largest crude oil producer in the Barnett. The bottom line for the Barnett Combo is that we grew our liquids volumes by 107% in 2011 from 13.2000 barrels a day to 27.3000 barrels a day, and we expect this to be our second largest liquids growth contributor in 2012 also. This play has become a consistent and profitable workhorse for us. Roughly 85% of the revenue stream from these wells emanates from liquids; 41% of which is crude oil, and typical direct after-tax reinvestment rates of return, even with current low gas prices, are approximately 40%. We have a cost advantage in the combo because we use sand from one of our own sand mines. Last year, we drilled 249 net combo wells, and we expect to complete an additional 200 net wells in 2012. We added 25,000 core area acres during 2011 and now have a total of 200,000 net acres. Now I'll discuss results from our 240,000 net acres of Permian Basin, Wolfcamp and Leonard assets, which we expect will be our third largest liquids contributor in 2012. We drilled 47 net wells in these plays last year and plan to drill 112 net wells this year. Our overall results continue to be some of the best in the industry, as noted in our press release, with several wells with IP rates over 1,000 barrels of oil per day plus NGLs and gas. We made good progress last quarter in reducing our well cost. And after we begin using our self-sourced sand this year, we expect our typical Wolfcamp well will be about 280 Mboe net after royalty for a $5.5 million completed well cost. A typical Leonard well will be 300 Mboe net after royalty for a $6 million well cost. Both of these plays have a combo product mix, roughly 40% oil, 30% NGLs and 30% dry gas. Direct after-tax reinvestment rates of return are 55% for the Wolfcamp and 45% for the Leonard. Until recently, all our well results have been for the middle Wolfcamp interval. However, we just achieved our first success in the upper Wolfcamp. The University 9 #2803H tested at 883 barrels of oil per day with 68 barrels per day of NGLs and 400 Mcf a day of natural gas. We're currently evaluating whether this upper zone is a viable target across our acreage. In the North Dakota Bakken, we continue to achieve consistent results, and the play contributed to the 13% total liquids growth realized in our overall Rocky Mountain operating area in 2011 over 2010. We're reducing our Bakken rig count in 2012 because a majority of our acreage is now vested, and we, therefore, expect 2012 volumes to decline a bit. Some analysts have recently noted that Bakken economics may be less than stellar for many companies. Fortunately for EOG, we have the crude-by-rail system that gives us a net back advantage, and we also started to self source some of our sand needs, giving us a cost advantage. In EOG's case, I'll also point you to a Bakken reserve chart in our presentation posted on our website. An independent analyst -- excuse me, an independent analysis of all 2,428 Bakken laterals completed in the basin by the industry to date, shows that EOG has the highest per well reserves of any company. During 2012, we'll be attempting to improve our Bakken recovery factor by testing down spacing in our core area, similar to what we've done in the Eagle Ford. You may recall that we drilled our core area with 640-acre spacing, which is the widest spacing used in the Bakken by any operator. We have drilled multiple down space wells recently. In a recent well, the Fertile 48-0905H confirms our optimism with an IP rate of 1,324 barrels of oil a day. We believe that down spacing to 320 acres may increase reserves, but the magnitude of the potential reserve increase is much less than the Eagle Ford. It's about 50 million barrels net. We're also going to commence a Bakken waterflood pilot this year to see if we can further improve the oil recovery in the field. We drilled 69 net Bakken and 10 net Three Forks wells in 2011 and plan to drill 60 total net wells in 2012. Regarding other North American oil plays, in the Niobrara, we'll be completing a number of well that we drilled last year. We'll continue to evaluate and optimize completion techniques. Our mid-continent Marmaton and Wyoming Powder River basin plays exhibited good recent results. In Ellis County, Oklahoma, the Opal 31 #2H was drilled as a horizontal oil producer in the Marmaton and turned to sales at 870 barrels of oil per day with 1.3 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas. The Guinan 25 #2H was competed at 502 barrels of oil per day with 1.2 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas. EOG has 90% and 42% working interest, respectively, in these wells. In the Wyoming Powder River basin, we have 2 rigs drilling in the Turner formation. The Arbalest 9-23H well was completed to sales at 390 barrels of oil per day with 2.8 million cubic feet a day of rich gas. We have 52% working interest in this well. The Arbalest 42-14H was completed to sales at 391 barrels of oil per day with 2.8 million cubic feet a day of rich gas, and we have 83% working interest in this well. The Crossbow 20-06H and 52-18H wells were completed at 270 and 411 barrels of oil per day, respectively, both with 300 -- 3.5 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas, and we have 69% and 100% working interest in these wells. The Niobrara, Maramaton and Powder River Basin will continue to be contributory, but not game breaking liquids plays for EOG. In Canada, we'll continue developing our Waskada area and will drill 126 net wells in 2012 compared to 94 wells last year. We don't expect large growth in this area in 2012 due to a slow ramp up in operations and minor dispositions. Two recent wells had production rates of 418 and 480 barrels of oil per day and are among the best wells in the play to date. In the British Columbia Horn River Basin, we committed the minimum drilling capital required to hold leases in 2011, and we'll do so again in 2012. After our 2012 drilling program, all of our 160,000 acres will be converted to 10-year leases. The Kitimat LNG project continues to progress. Key items we need to establish before making a final investment decision are a detailed project cost estimate and obtaining an oil index offtake contract. We expect final investment decision will be a second half 2012 event. Outside North America, we have 2 areas of oil activity. In the East Irish Sea, we expect to commission our Conwy field and production facilities in early 2013. Production will likely peak at 20,000 barrels of oil a day net, sometime this year.  In Argentina, we're currently drilling our first horizontal Vaca Muerta oil shale well and we expect results in the third quarter. Additionally, we expect our 2012 Trinidad natural gas production to be essentially flat with 2011 levels. We are devoting 10% of our 2012 capital to dry gas activities to perpetuate our acreage. The good news is that by year end, our go-forward drilling requirements to hold acreage in the Haynesville, Marcellus and Horn River will be quite small. We'll expand the use of our self-sourced frac sand to our Marcellus activities during 2012. I'll now address our 2011 reserve replacement and finding cost. For the total company, we replaced 167% of our production at a $19.68 per BOE all-in cost, including reserve revisions. Total company proved reserves increased 5.3% to 2.054 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Excluding the impact of producing asset sales, total company net proved developed reserves increased 9% overall and 8% in North America. In the U.S., we replaced 216% of our production. From drilling alone in the U.S., our finding cost was $15.97. And in both North America and the U.S., 72% of our reserve adds were liquids. Our overall reserves went from 28% liquids in 2010 to 36% in 2011, reflecting our liquids focus. Our total liquids replacement was 465% and our total liquids reserve increased 39% year-over-year. Overall, natural gas reserves decreased due to reduced drilling for dry gas, producing property sales and adjustments due to both low gas prices and well performance. These are strong overall numbers, and with our low finding costs, are supportive of the high liquids margins we're currently generating. For the 24th consecutive year, DeGolyer and MacNaughton has done an engineering analysis of our reserves, and our overall number was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered 85% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying the earnings release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding costs. Now I'll address our 2012 business plan. We expect our 2012 total CapEx to be in the range of $7.4 billion to $7.6 billion, of which approximately $1.2 billion will be devoted to facilities, midstream and other infrastructure. We expect 90% of our CapEx will be focused on liquids-rich plays. We're increasing our previous 27% total company 2012 liquids growth target to 30%. We are now targeting 30% total liquids growth consisting of 30% oil and 30% NGL growth year-over-year. I'll mention that this growth is back-end loaded with the real liquids growth showing up in the third and fourth quarters. During the first quarter, we are adding frac spreads in a number of plays and we'll have pattern wells off-line due to offset fracs. We'll also have some gas processing capacity downtime in some of our Texas liquids rich plays. And in addition, we expect some liquids dispositions in the first quarter, and we've taken all this into account in the first quarter guidance. We have a very deep liquids drilling inventory, and I previously mentioned an additional 3,200 drilling locations in the Eagle Ford. We remain committed to managing a conservative financial structure, and in addition to gas properties, we are selling some working interest positions in non-operated oil and liquids rich production this year to maintain our 30% limit on the net debt-to-cap ratio. We intend to divest $1.2 billion of acreage and producing properties, of which we've closed on $340 million of primarily gas properties year to date, and we have an additional $50 million in progress. We expect most of the remaining 2012 sales will consist of either outside-operated oil properties or noncore liquids rich gas assets. We expect to sell over 3,000 barrels per day of liquids this year on an annualized basis and have taken this into consideration in the guidance for full year 2012 that we issued last night. As previously stated, we have 0 interest in growing North American gas volumes, and we expect our North American natural gas volumes to decline 11% year-over-year in 2012 due to dispositions and severely limited natural gas capital investment. However, our game plan is to preserve our large dry gas core resource play positions so we can exploit them several years down the road when gas prices improve. Our total aggregate production growth will be 5.5% this year, but because 200% of the growth emanates from liquids and at the current 35:1 oil to gas price ratio, we expect to generate strong 2012 growth in EPS, EBITDAX and discretionary cash flow. Based on the current NYMEX strip, we expect that our 2012 North American revenue ratio will be 84% liquids and 16% gas compared to only 29% from liquids just 4 years ago. When you consider that approximately half of our 2012 North American gas is hedged, that means that only about 8% of our North American total revenues are exposed to spot gas prices. Simply put, we think we're better situated than any other large cap E&P to deal with the current natural gas price environment. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers: Good morning. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $13.5 million and $57.7 million for the full year. For the fourth quarter 2011, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.66 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $154 million. Total acquisitions for the quarter were $200,000 and $4.2 million for the year. For the full year 2011, total exploration and development expenditures were $6.47 billion excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $656 million. For 2011, approximately 10% of the drilling program CapEx was exploration and 90% was development. Approximately 20% of the CapEx was allocated to dry gas drilling. For the full year 2011, proceeds from asset sales were $1.43 billion. At year end 2011, total debt outstanding was $5.0 billion and the debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 28%. At December 31, we had $616 million of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $4.4 billion for a net debt-to-total capital ratio of 26%. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 50% and the deferred tax ratio was less than 1%. Similarly, the effective tax rate for the year was 43% and the deferred tax ratio was 61%. We also announced another increase in the dividend on the common stock. This is the 13th increase in 13 years. Effective with the next dividend, the annual indicated rate is $0.68 per share, a 6.25% increase. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the first quarter and full year 2012. For the first quarter, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 50%. For the full year 2012, the expected effective tax rate is 35% to 45%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the first quarter and for the full year. Regarding price sensitivities, with our current hedge position in 2012, for each $1 move in crude oil prices, net income is impacted $32 million, cash flow is impacted $47 million. For each $0.10 move in natural gas prices, net income is impacted $11 million and cash flow is impacted by $16 million. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll provide our views regarding macro hedging and then some concluding remarks. Regarding oil, we still think that the global supply demand balance is tight and the fundamentals dictate the current $100 WTI price. The upside risks are mainly geopolitical. The downside risk is a second global recession, and for that contingency, we've recently increased our crude oil hedge position. For 2012, as a percent of North American oil production, we're approximately 23% hedged at $104.95. We're 33% hedged at $105.36 for February 1 to June 30 and 14% hedged at $104.26 for the second half of the year. I'll also note that we expect to commission our St. James crude unloading facility in April. Based on the current WTI LOS differential, we would plan to move up to 100,000 barrels a day from different areas to take advantage of the crude price uplift at St. James. We continue to have a very cautious outlook regarding 2012 natural gas prices and fortunately, as a percentage of North American gas, we're 45% hedged at $5.44 for the year. We've recently layered on 150 million cubic feet a day of hedges for 2013 and 2014 at $4.79. Please see the table that was included in our earnings press release for the details of our hedging contracts. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are a lot of important points, 8 in total, we'd like you to take away from this call. First, the game plan we articulated several years ago is working. We've captured world-class, low-risk liquids positions that are driving the strongest organic liquids growth, primarily oil, of any large cap independent. In parallel, our EPS adjusted EBITDAX and discretionary cash flow are growing at high rates. We expect this to be a multiyear trend. Second, we're accomplishing this game plan with relatively low net debt, which was 26% at year end. Third, our 4 liquids plays, the Eagle Ford, Barnett Combo, Bakken and Wolfcamp/Leonard, constitute the most powerful horizontal liquids arsenal of any independent E&P. Each is world-class in size, is located in the onshore, lower 48 in producer-friendly states and generate strong reinvestment rates of return. Additionally, we believe that both public and sell side data indicate EOG is achieving the highest liquids reserves per well at the lowest cost in each play. I'll also note that our front end leasehold costs were likely the lowest in industry for each play. Fourth, with our expanded Eagle Ford reserve estimate, we feel even more confident that our estimated reserve, potential reserve recoverable of 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty Eagle Ford asset is the largest net oil reserve accumulation found in the U.S. in the past 40 years. Further, we believe that this play generates -- likely generates the highest reinvestment rate of return opportunity in the entire E&P industry for large-scale play. Fifth, our Barnett Combo, North Dakota Bakken and Permian Basin plays are all performing as we expected. All of these have long-term growth upside. Sixth, we have a plan to deal with our 2012 funding GAAP and already, we're nearly 1/3 of the way towards our 2012 property disposition target. Because of our liquids growth, our 2013 funding GAAP narrows considerably or since a lot of our acreage will be vested by then, we could decelerate CapEx and achieve only robust instead of outstanding 2013 liquids growth. Seventh, with 2 EOG sand mines now in operation in our crude-by-rail facilities in the Bakken, Eagle Ford, Cushing and St. James, we're comfortable that we can both reduce well costs and continue to obtain the highest oil net backs. We have recently seen differentials at Clear Brook, Minnesota increase to $15 to $25 off of WTI and as much as $42 below LOS for Bakken-related production. Using our own crude-by-rail facilities in North Dakota, we are currently transporting approximately half of our Bakken oil from Stanley to Cushing to capture the higher margins. During the second quarter, we'll have our St. James rail unloading facility in service giving us the flexibility to quickly react to these types of market conditions. We can then avoid local market disconnects and sell our crude off of either WTI or LOS benchmarks. There are a number of new crude-by-rail projects planned for this year. What's important for EOG is that we secure both the loading and offloading facilities. We have origination facilities in Stanley, North Dakota and in the Eagle Ford. We have offloading or destination facilities at both Cushing and St. James. Unit trains require tremendous amounts of real estate and a secure supply of crude oil and as part of our marketing strategy, we put both pieces in place early on. And finally, there are at least 3 significant discriminators that separate EOG from the pack. First, we have the 4 best domestic liquids resource plays in the industry bar none. Second, our ownership in these 4 plays is 100%. We don't have any JVs. Our Eagle Ford acreage is an example of why we've shunned JVs on our major oil plays. It we had done a JV a year or 2 ago, we would effectively have given away a portion of the 700 million barrel Eagle Ford upside that we just announced. Lastly, we're unique in that we're the only company that's reduced its North American gas production in 2009, 2010, 2011, and plan to do so again in 2012. We think that's a rational business response to chronically low gas prices, and that's what our shareholders expect of us.  Thanks for listening. And now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got a couple of questions. Actually, one specific question on the Eagle Ford and one follow-up, if I may. You've clearly got a world-class asset here under -- obviously congratulations on the results that you've come out with on this. My questions are on the constraints on basically how your drilling plans have changed relative to you prior reserve estimate. And what I'm really getting at is a lot of value could potentially be accelerated if you accelerate the drilling program. But I'm just wondering what your thoughts are around in the context of your balance sheet limitations on the number of wells that you plan to drill. And I've got a follow-up on that subject, please.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Doug, the real limitation on how much more we can ramp up the Eagle Ford activity level from current levels is personnel, and I'd say learning curve knowledge. On the personnel side, for example, if we said, "Wow, we just increased our reserves considerably, we're going to double activity in 2012 over expectations," we would be flatly out control in terms of being able to intelligently manage that increased investment. We just don't have enough qualified technical people to do that. So that's one issue. The other issue is that it's obvious that we're learning quite a bit as we go on in this Eagle Ford play. You can tell that from the improved quality of our well results that we've reported each quarter. Obviously, the spacing is something we're learning more. So we're going to take this at a moderate pace because we're going to be a lot smarter a year or 2 from now than we are today relating to this asset. So it is possible that with the relative size increase that we've just announced that in 2013 and later, we may elect to accelerate development of this. But it's really not so much on the capital side. It's going to be more a function of have we got the people qualified to handle a further step up and have we got our learning optimization such that we could, say, dramatically increase activity even more on there. So it's a complicated picture. You can't really look at it on just advancing net present value without considering these other items, Doug. What's your follow-up question?
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My follow-up is really on -- you talked about upwards 4% to 10% is the kind of recovery range you'd be, you ultimately think you could maybe move to at some point. Maybe I'm being a little optimistic there. You're currently at 6% on your assumptions. What would it take for you to take that number higher?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I'm not going to commit to a number in terms of what's the highest percent we could think about. But it's probably in that range of 10% to 12%, really in terms of what we see today with today's technology. The next 2 more steps here, we need to determine is the 65 to 90 acre spacing, is that the most dense we can drill, or is it -- should we be even looking at more dense? And the other possibility here is secondary recovery. And we mentioned on the call that we'll be initiating a pilot project in the Bakken to get more oil out of the ground using water injection. In the Eagle Ford, we probably would not try water injection, but we have some other things in mind there. So it's quite likely that within the next 12 to 18 months, we'll have a pilot project going in the Eagle Ford of a secondary recovery nature that we hope would be successful. But we just have to play it out. With 28 billion barrels of oil net in place under our acreage, this is clearly an improvement. Recovery factors is clearly the single most important thing we can be doing here in EOG, and we're giving it appropriate focus.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Mark, on the midland Wolfcamp results, it appears that the -- at least to me, the early rates versus the 280,000 barrel equivalent EURs even on an after royalty basis, it seems like those 2 don't jive. Can you just comment on what you're seeing from a curve standpoint as you get this update on higher rates?
Timothy K. Driggers: Yes, Brian, we are making progress. We've continued to increase the lateral link. We're also working on the frac designs to improve the wells and their recoveries. And we're working on the spacing patterns too. So we did update the reserve model last year, one time, and the thing that we're really evaluating there is we test these various spacing patterns and we down spaced to tighter spacing. We're just trying to give us enough information and enough time to fully evaluate the effect on the ultimate EURs on wells. So at this point that the 280 Mboe kind of wells on the model that we're using, I mean, it could increase over time, but we're not ready to do that yet. But the play is going really well. I mean, we're focused primarily on developing the middle zone, and the numbers that we're using for the reserve for well are conservative.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. My second question is just on the Q1 volumes. 2012 looks great, Q1 volumes are flattish sequentially. Can you guys go into just some more detail on the drivers behind that?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Brian. Three different drivers on the Q1 volumes. We've always said on these resource plays, you can't just take a straight line quarter to quarter to quarter to quarter and assume that our production growth is going to be that way. The biggest single component of the lumpiness in our production growth is what we call pattern drilling and frac-ing. If you notice in those Henkhaus wells, for example, in Eagle Ford that we mentioned to you on the press release there, typically, what we do there is we drill 4 or 5 of those wells. We don't frac any of them individually, and then we wait till we get all the wells drilled, then we line them up and frac them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, without producing any of them. And then when they're all frac-ed, we turn them all on at one time. So you get a big burst of production, but it's just a function of how many wells have you drilled in the pattern, what's your frac schedule and everything. And in the first quarter, we've got really, I'd say, an abnormal amount of wells that we're going to be patterned, drilling and frac-ing. So that's affecting it. We've also got some downtime in some gas processing plants that we're anticipating that's going to hurt some of our NGL production and oil production from some of our combo areas. And then, the last thing is a little bit of property dispositions that, as we mentioned, because the gas market is so weak, the majority of our $1.2 billion worth of property dispositions this year are going to have some liquid component with them. And so we're trying to get those scheduled timing. So you can't expect that the first quarter and potentially, the second quarter are not going to have strong year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter growth numbers -- excuse me, the year-over-year is going to be very strong in the first quarter. I believe it's a number like 40%, 40-plus percent. But we just caution you, don't just take a straight line on our quarter-to-quarter growth in 2011 and just extrapolate that in 2012.
Operator: We will go next to Leo Mariani of RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just on the Eagle Ford, I wanted to see if you could comment on whether or not you're seeing any interference on your down space wells when you go into 65 to 90 acres. I know you don't have that much production history, but can you just comment on kind of what you're seeing there, and whether or not you think you maybe need quite a bit more time before seeing that?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We think we've seen enough to feel pretty comfortable on the down spacing in terms of evaluation. To be honest with you, on many of the down spacing patterns, we found out that the down space wells are better and stronger than the original widely-spaced wells. And of course, if we were to have an interference, it would just the opposite of that. And what we're seeing is the effects of 2 things: One, the original spacing that we had was just too wide to drain the areas. And the second thing is, is that those old wells may have been, say, a year, 2 years old. Now we're coming in between them and drilling. And our completion techniques have improved considerably during that time frame. So the data from the down spacing, once we interpret it, I would classify it as a slam dunk that 130 acres spacing was too wide. So the data, when you analyze it, is pretty unambiguous, really. And that's why, I think, a lot of people were expecting that sometime, perhaps later in 2012, we'd be announcing down spacing conclusions. But the data is just -- it's pretty crystal clear.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And, I guess, in terms of your NGL growth guidance for 2012, you took it up pretty significantly. I want to get a sense of what's driving that, whether or not maybe there was some higher than expected NGL cuts in any of your wells here.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Actually, Leo, to be honest with you, the previous numbers that we had, had for liquids growth expectations, 2012, were 30% oil, and, I believe, the number was 16% NGLs, and now we've jumped the NGLs to 30%. Those previous numbers were about 18 months, maybe 24 months old. You'll remember when we had an analyst conference a couple -- several years ago, we gave a 3-year forecast for '10, '11 and '12, and we really never moved those '12 numbers. So the 30% NGL number currently is, frankly, just simply updating a number that was stale even 12 months ago. So it's not that we're seeing a huge influx of increased NGL mix or anything like that. It's really, we're just updating a stale number.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right, that's great. And, I guess, are you guys adding acreage scale in some of your North American plays as well? I know you mentioned that in the past.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We've got 3 goals, and we highlight that on one of the pages in our outlook [ph] that the -- kind of our goals for this year. The first goal is to find some new greenfield North American horizontal liquids plays, and we're working feverishly on that. Second goal was to improve recovery factors in some of our larger plays that we've already exposed. And today, you saw the results from the Eagle Ford on that, and we mentioned that in the Bakken, we're looking at 2 things there. One is down spacing, and then the second is secondary recovery. And then the third over-arching goal for this year is to find a large horizontal oil accumulation outside North America. And you heard us mention this Vaca Muerta shale that we'll give you more details on as the year progresses. So on all 3 of those goals, those are still our targets our for this year. And clearly, we've nailed goal #2 and goals #1 and 3 hopefully will have good results by the end of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Going back to the Wolfcamp shale, a couple questions there. First, you highlighted in your comments that you would expect a combo-like, Barnett combo-like mix of oil, gas and NGLs. The IP that you highlighted, though, seemed to have a little bit more of an oilier mix. And I wondered if you expected that mix to change as the wells begin to climb. And then also, whether the goal is -- whether you think you're playing for 2 horizontals, 1 middle and 1 upper, whether you see additional zones that could give perspective.
Gary L. Thomas: Yes, Brian. The Wolfcamp is really a combo-type play. The GURs will gradually go up over time. So the early rates on the oil are a bit higher than they will be later in the life in the well. So, yes, we feel those mixes that we've given are accurate. And then on the -- we are working -- primarily, most of our drilling, nearly all of our drilling so far has been in the middle zone. And we're having really good results in the middle zone in -- really in every acreage block that we test, we tested the middle zone as being really good. We do have the one well that we have in the press release. It's The University 9 #2803 in Reagan County, and we IP-ed that well at 883 barrels of oil a day, and that was a full lateral upper zone test, and that well looks very good to us and is very encouraging. Other than that, we have very limited test in the lower zone and the upper zone. So we have plans to do additional testing this year in those zones, and we'll see how that goes. But we're really optimistic. The middle looks very consistent. And so, we're working on our development patterns out there, trying to establish what's the proper spacing. And we're also -- we've implemented our self-sourced sand and new completion techniques. And so the play is going really well. One of the great things about the play is that we've significantly reduced the well cost over the last few quarters with the implementation of our sand, and our drilling efficiencies have gone up. We recently drilled a well from spud to TD in 4.9 days. And so, our operational people in West Texas are doing an excellent job on reducing cost as well as developing a play properly. So we're very encouraged about the play.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then lastly, on the Eagle Ford, you highlight in your presentation some of the IP is exceeding 3,000 barrels a day. Is that a function of longer laterals and where your cost would exceed your $5.5 million objective? Is it a sweet spot around seemingly at Karnes County, or is there some other factor driving those results?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Brian. The best way to explain that is, is that we've found that there are certain portions of this reservoir that are more prolific than other portions of the reservoir. The average well of 450 Mboe we quoted there is a mix. The kind of wells we quoted in our press release are more like 800 to maybe up to 1 million barrels of oil reserves per well. And we know that we have a tranche of those wells, quite a few of those, in that mix of 3,200 yet to drill. And if we wanted to, we could target and drill that tranche over the next couple years and really shoot up [indiscernible]. But to be fair and objective, it's not so much that they're super long laterals, it's that they're located in a portion of the reservoir that we believe is definitely more prolific than in some other parts of the reservoir. So we'll say, you can expect we'll continue to be able to report wells of that similar type as we go throughout 2012, but we'd kind of point you more to the average well and say, the average well is quite strong and gives you 80% return. So hopefully, that gives you an explanation.
Operator: And our next question comes from us Arun Jayaram with Crédit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mark, you talked about some down spacing opportunities in the Bakken. What does that do in terms of your inventory in the core part of the Bakken? And how many rigs do you plan to run in the core part versus the Bakken Lite in '12?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Actually, I mentioned in this call kind of focusing on the core, but we're really -- it's fair to say that we're looking at the entire Bakken. The Bakken Core is the sweet spot of the entire Bakken play, and then what we call the Bakken Lite is equivalent to pretty much every other company at Bakken. It's a lesser quality, but it's still good. The spacing that we have initially drilled these on are in the Core 640s and in the Lite 320s. And we're testing the down spacing in both the Core and the Lite. In the Core, we're testing 320 down spacing; in the Lite, we're testing 160 down spacing. If it was to work in both areas, and it looks good so far, the reserve uplift would be about the 50 million barrels. So we don't want to mislead you and mischaracterize it and say, "Wow, we can double our reserves in the whole play under that circumstance there." In terms of the rigs this year, we're running 7 rigs, and I would guess -- Gary, how many are in the Core, how many in the Lite you'd guess?
Gary L. Thomas: We're still trying to retain acreage there. So we'll probably run somewhere around 4 in the Lite and 3 in the down spacing.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. Just my quick follow-up. Mark, you did raise your NGL guidance for '12 quite a bit and crude was more flattish, perhaps reflecting property sales. On a same-store sales basis, if you didn't have the asset sales, what would have been the growth guidance on the crude side?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Well, we kind of -- I don't have the numbers. We quoted you numbers a bit over 3,000 barrels a day of liquids on an annualized basis is what our total liquids would have gone. And maybe that's 2/3 oil, 1/3 gas but -- or NGLs, but I can't quote you an exact number on that, Arun.
Arun Jayaram - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. But just the mix shift, is it just moving a little bit more towards NGLs versus crude? Is that fair, as you get more experience in the play?
Mark G. Papa: No, not really. What I'd say is that, as I mentioned on one of the previous questions, the increase we showed in NGL growth from, I believe, it was 16% previously, up to 30% in the update, is really that the old NGL number was probably about a 2-year-old stale number that we just never bothered to change. And now we've updated it. So it's -- we haven't really seen a mix change during '11 that says we're becoming more NGL mix versus oil. It was really just updating a stale NGL number.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, in terms of the assets you've sold already, could you just identify those for us? And what are some of the assets that you intend to sell? And then, kind of along those lines, apart from asset sales, and in terms of your gas, organic gas production decline, what would you estimate the base decline to be if you did nothing?
Mark G. Papa: Well, yes, in terms of your first part of your question there, Joe, the sales that we've done to date and that we have in progress, which are roughly $400 million, those were predominantly gas. Just a tiny bit of liquids and oil with those. But the remaining sales of roughly $800 million, we have yet to do, we just anticipate that were we to offer just dry gas properties out there in the market that they wouldn't fetch much of a price. And so that's one change we've had to make over the last 6 months. For this year is, originally, we intended that most of our sales in 2012 would be just dry gas. But due to the collapse of gas prices, we've had to change that. And I'd say out of the 800 million remaining, those are going to have -- essentially, all of those are going to have a liquid component. Some of them are just going to be flat oil areas, and we are looking at selling some outside operated stuff in the Bakken, and some of them are going to be gas with rich liquids component in there. In terms of our gas production, base decline and things like that, I'd probably not -- don't want to offer up a specific number for you on that. The only thing I would offer up is that one of the things that I've noted on previous earnings calls is that it's been disturbing to me to see most of the independent group has strongly grown their North American gas volumes over the last 3 years, and have been, in my mind, active contributors to this gas bubble, whereas EOG has done just the anti-thesis of that. As I mentioned earlier, this will be the fourth straight year where our North American gas volumes have declined, which we believe is a rational economic response to these chronic low gas prices.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. And then in the Permian, in your Wolfcamp play, Midland Basin, what's the lateral length you're using right now? What number of fracs? And then could you comment on your prospectivity for the Cline Shale?
Gary L. Thomas: Joe, in the Permian and the Wolfcamp, our average lateral length is about 7,600 feet. And we're typically -- we're experimenting on the number of stages, but they could be anywhere from 20- to 30-plus stages per well. What was the name of that play you...
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The Cline Shale.
Gary L. Thomas: The Cline Shale, no. Not familiar with that.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I'm not either. It may have some other name out there in the Permian Basin, but it's fair to say that's not one of our stealth plays. We don't even -- we haven't even heard of it hardly.
Operator: And our next question will come from Pearce Hammond with Simmons.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: I was curious what your outlook is for service cost and what you might be assuming for service cost inflation or deflation in your 2012 CapEx guidance, and then I have a follow-up.
Gary L. Thomas: We've got so much of our services kind of committed on the long-term. Of course, that's in our guidance and in our projections. We've got 42 rigs under long-term contract out of our 75, and we've got 11 of our frac fleets under long-term out of 20. We are seeing quite a lot of services more available with the slowdown in the true gas plays, most especially in the Permian Basin. We're starting to see some of that in Eagle Ford. So we don't see much increase in our cost of services. We do have our own self-sourced sand, and we'll be servicing the majority of our wells with that. We've got self-sourced asset, we've got our own rental fleet. So we're pretty well set here, not see seeing much increase in 2012.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And then a follow-up, back into your 3,200 Eagle Ford locations, what spacing assumptions and prospectivity are you assuming across your entire acreage position in the Eagle Ford?
Mark G. Papa: Well, we've reduced the spacing assumption from the previous 130 acres to a mix of between 65 and 90 acres, depending on the different geologic areas of the play. Is that...
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: [indiscernible] perspective, is that all down space then?
Mark G. Papa: Well, the 3,200 incremental wells are what we call sticks on a map and, I guess, the best way to describe those 3,200 wells yet to drill is that we have a map of the Eagle Ford play, and it's got all the subsurface geology with the faults, et cetera, on it. And it's also got all the lease boundaries that we have. And then, our people have laid out actual specific locations for 3,200 wells on that map that will conform to the lease boundaries, conform to the subsurface geology and so on. So, I guess, one way to describe the 3,200 wells is that we already have those 3,200 wells defined as to exactly where we would intend to drill them. Hopefully, that's helpful to you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Mark Papa for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark G. Papa: I have no additional remarks. So thank you very much for staying with us on the call.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference, ladies and gentlemen. We appreciate everyone's participation today.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary L. Thomas - Chief Operating officer Timothy K. Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President William R. Thomas - President Mark G. Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Coleman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2011 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Eagle Ford, may contain -- may include estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in the Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President; Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we included fourth quarter and updated full year guidance in yesterday's press release. I'll now review our third quarter net income and cash flow, followed by operational highlights. In addition to our typical play results, I'll also address several hot button topics, such as infrastructure-related downtime, facts and logistics and crude oil marketing. Tim Driggers will provide some financial details, and then I'll provide macro and hedging comments, a conceptual view of our 2012 business plan and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the third quarter, EOG reported net income of $540.9 million or $2.01 per diluted share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain non-recurring items, as outlined in the press release, EOG's third quarter adjusted net income was $223.2 million or $0.83 per diluted share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the third quarter was $1.17 billion. I'll now discuss our 2011 business plan and third quarter operational results. Our business plan continues to be simple and consistent. We've completed the organic conversion to a liquids-based company by exploiting our world-class domestic onshore, horizontal oil positions, while preserving all of our core North American natural gas resource play assets and maintaining a low net debt-to-cap ratio. This is manifested in very high year-over-year crude oil production growth rates, the best in the industry for a company our size. We continue to have 0 interest in growing North American natural gas volumes in a $4 environment. We believe that debt adjusted production growth per share us a useless metric to evaluate E&P performance, considering the value discrepancy between crude oil and natural gas, which is currently trading at 22:1. What counts is profitable liquids growth, particularly crude oil. Our investments in high rate of return domestic oil plays will flow through the income statement and generate disproportionately high growth in EPS, EBITDA per share and cash flow per share. In the third quarter, we hit both our volume and unit cost targets. We exceed 54% year-over-year total company oil growth in the quarter and 51% year-over-year oil growth for the first 9 months. Our total liquids growth was equally impressive: 49% year-over-year in the third quarter and 47% for the first 9 months. You'll note that we haven't changed our full year liquids growth target of 47% year-over-year or 154,000 barrels per day. Unlike many companies striving to achieve liquids growth, a majority of our growth, almost 80%, is in higher value crude oil as opposed to NGLs. Also, there are no changes to our 2011 capital budget guidance.    I'll now discuss the major drivers of our oil growth, starting with Eagle Ford. This continues to be the hottest and highest rate of return play in the U.S., and EOG has the largest and best situated net position in the oil window. We continue to be the largest oil producer in the play, with net after revenue -- net after royalty, excuse me, production of 53,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at the end of the third quarter, 78% of which is crude oil and 11% is NGLs. All of our 561,000 net acres are productive, and we expect to be the largest net Eagle Ford oil producer for at least the next decade. Our press release contains multiple well results, so rather than provide a well-by-well recitation, I'll provide some context regarding the overall play. There are 4 key points. First, our well quality continues to improve and to exhibit consistency across the trends. Also, we continue to have a 100% success rate. Our press release highlighted 3 wells with IP rates of about 3,000 barrels of oil per day, plus additional NGLs. These are the best wells we've completed to date. The Meyer Unit #6H IP-ed at 2,918 barrels of oil per day, 500 barrels per NGL per day and 2 million cubic feet a day of residue gas. The Mitchell Unit #1H and #2H wells IP-ed at 2,821 and 3,090 barrels of oil per day with 450 and 500 barrels of NGL per day each and 2 million cubic feet a day of residue gas, respectively. We have 100% working interest in these wells. We've noticed improved rates across our acreage. We are consistently completing wells with IP rates of 1,500 to 2,000 barrels of oil per day, plus NGLs and residue gas. This is attributable to improvements in the placement of the lateral in the optimum portion of the Eagle Ford play interval and also improvements in frac design. This is not surprising because we continually work the science to enhance our understanding of every play. Second, we continue to be encouraged by our downspacing results. As a reminder, in the last quarter's call, we stated that our 900 million barrel of oil equivalent net after royalty reserve estimate was predicated on a 130-acre well spacing and that we were pleased with initial results from our first downspacing pattern, i.e., closer than 130 acres on the King Fehner Unit lease. We've now observed production from this downspaced unit for 150 days, and the results continue to be positive. We are testing 6 additional multi-well pilots of varying increased densities, and early results from all of these pilots look positive. We're not yet ready to make a firm technical call regarding closer spacing, but it's fair to say we're optimistic. I'll also note that there's an interrelationship between well spacing and per well reserves. Third, in addition to the good news regarding well performance and increased density, we are beginning to see some consistent well cost reduction. As you know, the Eagle Ford is a high-activity area for the industry, and this year there's been continued upward service cost pressure. The third quarter is the first time we've noticed a consistent trend of lower total well costs, due primarily to 3 internal factors. First, our drilling time for well is decreasing, which we'd expect as we become more familiar with the play. Our fastest well to date is the Cusack Ranch #5H, which we drilled and cased to 15,467 feet in 13 days. These cost efficiencies are an important factor in reducing well costs. Second, we've optimized our frac designs, which has reduced costs. And third, we've implemented contract pumping services for our fracs, cutting costs by $0.5 million per well. The next game changer will be utilizing self-sourced frac sand from our new mine, which will start up in December. This should reduce per well cost by an additional $0.5 million per well.  Overall, we expect our 2012 completed well cost to average about $5.5 million. This will easily make us the lowest-cost Eagle Ford oil producer and will generate great economics. Fourth, the last overall point regarding the Eagle Ford relates to takeaway capacity. We continue to dodge a lot of bullets here. We had only a minor amount of downtime caused by facility limitations in the third quarter. As I've said before, we will be on the nice edge of oil takeaway and gas plant processing capacity until the Enterprise expansions are installed in mid-2012. In the interim, we're moving 15,000 barrels a day of crude-by-rail, much of which is capturing a portion of LLS pricing. The Eagle Ford oil pricing structure relative to the WTI has recently improved, and we're now receiving a significant uplift over WTI for most of this production. To summarize the quarter's Eagle Ford results, it's good news, good news and good news on the well performance, spacing and well cost fronts. I continue to believe EOG's Eagle Ford position is the highest rate of return, large-scale hydrocarbon play in all of North America, onshore or offshore. I also continue to believe this is the largest oil company -- oil discovery net to any one company in the last 40 years in the U.S.  Speaking of good news, I'll now discuss our 240,000 acres of Permian Basin Wolfcamp and Leonard assets, which will be increasing growth contributors in 2012. Other companies have reported mixed results to date in the horizontal Wolfcamp, but EOG's results have been great. I don't know whether that's due to better acreage or better technology, but the results speak for themselves. Our press release listed several recent completions, and again, I won't give well-by-well recitations. So far, our wells have IP-ed between 600 and 1,400 barrels of oil per day, with 0.3 million to 1.3 million cubic feet a day of rich gas per well. In terms of understanding the play and optimization maturity, this play is about a year behind the Eagle Ford, but we've come up the learning curve enough to identify this as a significant future growth driver for us. We also feel good about our Leonard Shale play, but we restricted 2011 capital allocation here because the acreage is already held by production. In the Bakken, we continue to be one of the largest oil producers in North Dakota and are achieving consistent results in the Bakken and Three Forks. We'll drill 84 gross wells here next year and expect to have a steady consistent program for many more years. Our production has recovered from the second quarter flooding, and thanks to our crude-by-rail infrastructure, we didn't incur any significant production downtime this past quarter. In 2012, we'll be testing some Bakken downspacing ideas similar to the Eagle Ford. Our well results in the Barnett Combo play were quite good in the third quarter, with several typical wells noted in the press release. Late in the third and early fourth quarters, we did encounter some gas processing plant capacity issues that restricted production. We expect these issues will be resolved soon and the downtime is integrated into our fourth quarter volume forecast.  In summary, both the Bakken and Combo plays continue to deliver the expected results. We previously mentioned contributory liquids plays, such as the Marmaton, Niobrara and Powder River Basin. We continue to have a moderate degree of successful activity in all these areas, but at this juncture, we'd classify them as contributory and not game changers for EOG. Before I close out the oil play discussion, I'll mentioned timing regarding our Argentina Vaca Muerta shale play, where we have approximately 100,000 net acres. We'll start our first well in the first quarter 2012, though we should have some results by late 2012, In the East Irish Sea, we're targeting startup in the fourth quarter 2012 for our Conwy oilfield, which we expect to peak at 20,000 net barrels of oil per day in early 2013, giving us an early boost for 2013 liquids growth. Also, I'll mention we continue to maintain an active exploration program and continue to search for new horizontal liquids plays, primarily in North America.  Turning to the dry gas side of the ledger. We're continuing to focus our efforts only in areas where we must drill to hold acreage, mainly the Marcellus and Haynesville. In British Columbia, we're still excited about the Kitimat LNG export project, but it's not yet a done deal. The project is contingent upon a construction cost estimate and the ability to lock in oil index sales contracts. We recently had a lot of questions regarding EOG-owned sand mines and our crude-by-rail connection to St. James, Louisiana. Because of the industrywide frac sand shortages and the resulting steep price increases, we've attacked this cost side of the business by developing our own sand mines and processing plant to provide high-quality frac sand. We'll commence the new sand plant startup next month. The first area to receive sand will be the Eagle Ford, followed later in 2012 by the Marcellus and Permian. As I noted when discussing the Eagle Ford, the dollar savings per well will be substantial. And since the frac is roughly 50% of the total well cost, this will position EOG as a low-cost producer in multiple resource plays. Regarding our St. James crude-by-rail terminal, we still expect it to be operational by April 2012. We'll have the capability to move either our Bakken or Eagle Ford oil to St. James. Total EOG capacity will be 100,000 barrels of oil per day. We'll likely start with 50,000 barrels of oil per day of deliveries to St. James in April, and increase over the course of 2012. We plan to increase the amount of deliveries to St. James as our existing fleet of railcars increases between now and year end 2012. Another portion of our 2011 business plan involve $1.6 billion of asset sales. To date, we've closed on $1.3 billion. On the last call, I mentioned that the timing of a small portion of these sales may carry over into the first quarter of 2012, and that still appears likely. Between our 2010 and 2011 dispositions, we will have sold about 6,600 net wells, which leaves us with a more concentrated portfolio. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers: Good morning. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $13.9 million. For the third quarter 2011, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.59 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $162 million. At third quarter end 2011, total debt outstanding was $5.2 billion, and the debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 29%. At September 30, we had $1.4 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $3.8 billion, or net debt-to-total cap ratio of 24%. On a GAAP reporting basis, the effective tax rate for the third quarter was 40% and the deferred tax ratio was 82%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the fourth quarter and updated full year 2011. For the fourth quarter, the effective tax range is estimated to be between 40% and 50%. For the full year 2011, the effective tax range is 40% to 45%. We've also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the fourth quarter and for the full year. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll discuss our views regarding macro-hedging in our conceptual 2012 and 2013 business plan. Regarding oil, we still think the global supply demand balances is tight, even after this summer's release of oil from U.S. and European strategic reserves. Following a second global recession, we're optimistic regarding 2012 WTI prices in the $90 range. We're currently 23% hedged at a $97.02 price in the fourth quarter 2011. And for 2012, we're approximately 7% hedged at a $106.37 price. As mentioned, beginning in April 2012, we have offloading capability at St. James, Louisiana, giving us full LOS pricing for up to 100,000 barrels of oil per day. This represents a current uplift of $16 per barrel over WTI. We also view this as a hedge. We continue to have a cautious view regarding 2012 North American gas prices and are hedged accordingly. For North American natural gas, we're approximately 50% hedged for the fourth quarter at $4.90 price. Additionally, we've sold options at a $4.73 price that if exercised would mean we're 65% hedged through year end. For 2012, we're approximately 40% hedged at a $5.44 price, with options that if exercised will increase approximately 75% hedged at a $5.44 price. As in past years, we'll provide more detail regarding our 2012 business plan, including CapEx plans and production growth targets on our February earnings call. However, at this time, I can provide you some conceptual indicators regarding our 2012 plan. As with this year, the overwhelming majority of our 2012 CapEx will be devoted to high, greater return oil and liquids projects, with a minimum amount allocated to dry gas drilling primarily to hold acreage. In 2011, the CapEx split was roughly 80% to liquids and 20% to dry gas. Next year, that split will likely be 90-10. If 2012 WTI oil prices average $85 higher, we'll likely have a CapEx budget at least at this year's level and grow liquids in the range of 27% year-over-year, assuming no downstream facility curtailments. To cover the spending gap, we'll sell sufficient properties to maintain our 30% net debt-to-cap limit. We don't plan to issue equity. If oil prices average less than $85 next year, we'll simply reduce CapEx and reduce the targeted 27% liquids growth target, we won't issue equity and we'll sell whatever properties we need to conform to the 30% max debt-to-cap limit. In either case, we'll have 0 interest in growing gas volumes, unless gas prices surprise to the upside. If you look conceptually to 2013 and assume that decent oil price, combined with a continued weak gas price, our funding gap narrows considerably or if we desire shrinks altogether if we elect to decelerate CapEx and achieve only robust instead of outstanding 2013 liquids growth. The point is, we have a plan to cover our 2012 funding gap, and with our powerful liquids asset base, we can conform our 2013 and later years CapEx budgets to generate whatever liquids growth rate is optimum. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are 7 important points to take away from this call. First, the game plan we articulated several years ago is working. We've captured world-class, low-risk oil positions that are driving the strongest organic liquid growth, primarily oil, of any large-cap independent.  In parallel, our EPS, EBITDA and cash flow per share are growing at disproportionately high rates. This will likely continue for many more years. Second, we're accomplishing this game plan with relatively low debt. Third, our Eagle Ford position is turning out to be even better than when we initially unveiled it in early 2010. We have not only the largest but the best quality net acreage position in the play. Fourth, in the Bakken and Eagle Ford, our 2 biggest oil plays, our well results are essentially the best in the industry based on sell-side research, shown in our website IR slides. Anyone who wishes to check state data can reach the same objective conclusion. The same holds true for our Barnett Combo wells. Although still early in development, we also believe our Wolfcamp well results are the best in the industry.  Fifth, essentially all of our oil assets are located in E&P friendly states in the onshore U.S. Sixth, we have a business plan to deal with our 2012 funding gap. And finally, we continue to look for new liquids plays and ways to improve low recovery factors in our existing plays. In 2012, we intend to focus on recovery factor improvements in our large captured oil positions. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Obviously, it looks like your results in both the Eagle Ford play and Wolfcamp play showed kind of materially higher IPs here in the third quarter versus 2Q in terms of the ones you highlighted. Can you comment as to whether or not you think that there are some potential EUR changes coming to the upside here in these plays?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Leo. The situation relating to the EURs, particularly in the Eagle Ford, are -- if we were to keep the same 130-acre spacing, we might have some positive upward trends there. There is an interrelationship, however, between spacing and EURs. And so what might come out of it ultimately here is if we end up drilling on tighter spacing, that may offset the tendency toward higher EURs. So it will probably be some time in the first half of 2012 when we're able to give an assessment of the more dense spacing, and at that same time, we'll give an assessment of the reserves per well. But clearly, the directions are positive here on both spacing and well results. In the Wolfcamp, it's just -- it's too soon to know -- I mean, we are doing some similar spacing test there, and we're still assessing the reserves. But that one will be a little bit slower to come to a technical conclusion on that one. Yes, I would say, clearly, the results in the Eagle Ford particularly are better than I would have ever expected. Going back to when we first rolled this out in early 2010, I'm, I guess, ecstatic would be a good way to describe the results that I believe we're seeing in the Eagle Ford.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just sticking with the Wolfcamp. Can you guys comment on kind of the where the well costs are now and where you think those might go into 2012?
Gary L. Thomas: Yes, our well costs are down about 40% from when we started. And like Mark was saying, yes, the first wells were taking about 20 days, and they're taking about 12 days now. And also, yes, we'll be able to drive those down with additional efficiencies, and most especially with having EOG store sands for our frac jobs.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I guess can you maybe just comment on the actual numbers for the current well costs then?
Gary L. Thomas: Our current well costs then are in the $5.5 million to $6 million range. And then that's why we're thinking, yes, we'll get them down there in the $5.5 million or less with us having our own sand. I'll just go and say, yes, we'll just continue to work the science, as Mark was saying, and further reduce our cost and improve the efficiencies of our completions in both of the cost discourse and the completions.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, Mark, any sort of differences in the assets sale program in 2012 versus 2011? Are you going to kind of take a similar approach with kind of a mix of acreage, infrastructure and producing assets? And maybe could you identify anything at this point?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I mean, at least it's the first pass, we probably don't have a lot of further infrastructure items that we're talking about selling in 2012. So it's going to be primarily gas-related assets or acreage that we're looking at disposing. And that's why we want to wait until our February call. Then we'll -- the way to view the asset sales for 2012 is the plug number. You can kind of work backwards and say, okay, what's our cash flow going to be for 2012 based on whatever we see the price looking like in February, assuming a 38% max debt cap and then the plug number that you fill in is what we need to sell in the way of assets.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just thinking about the Eagle Ford and the consistency that you guys have shown there. Could you maybe put in -- could you compare the Wolfcamp, the Permian development to the Eagle Ford in terms of expectations, how long, what type of well control you need for that to be the real big next growth story for the company?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, what -- the way I'd characterize the Permian, both the Wolfcamp and the Leonard, is number one, we don't have the overwhelming acreage position. We've only got roughly half the acreage, net acreage, in the Permian as we do in the Eagle Ford, so it's not going to be as big an impact on the company. In terms of the individual well results, I'd say that the well results on an individual basis are not going to be quite as strong in the Wolfcamp as they are in the Eagle Ford. We're not expecting we can get wells in the Wolfcamp approaching 3,000 barrels of oil a day, plus NGLs. That's probably too optimistic. So I would say the Eagle Ford continues to be grossly underestimated in valuations in our stock, and the Wolfcamp/Leonard will have an impact maybe kind of like of half an Eagle Ford just in qualitative terms.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Well, half an Eagle Ford is still pretty good. My other question was in the midstream side. To what extent does time in the midstream impact the liquids targets for 2012? And I'm not now looking for exact, just as that plus or minus 5%, 2%, kind of ballpark it?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Well, I'd say either that 27% growth rate, if we really had some nasty stuff happen in the midstream, it might affect it 5%. It might knock it down to 22%. But at this stage, I'd say I'm a lot more comfortable about the midstream than I was at the beginning of the year for both 2011 and 2012. Short of the -- if we exclude the flooding we had up in Manitoba and North Dakota, we really haven't had any massive midstream bottlenecks this year. And we're far enough out in front in terms of our midstream planning that short of a gas processing plant having -- just going down because of an explosion or something and being down for a couple of months or some oil pipeline having some massive leak that caused it to be shut down for months. I'm fairly comfortable for the 2012 logistics. And it's really only the first half of 2012 for the Eagle Ford. Then we've got the relief in the system with the startups of the Enterprise plants and pipelines.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Wilmoth with Simmons & Company.
Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: If we are in the $85-plus scenario for next year, what's the kind of the implied Eagle Ford drilling ramp or needs to meet the pipeline and your HBP activity?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. This year, it looks like we'll be drilling about 270 wells in the Eagle Ford, and we would have some increase next year in terms of Eagle Ford drilling. And we'll give you some details on that. I mean, we're still thinking through that, but we'll give you some details on that in the February call. But in conceptual terms, the Eagle Ford will go up a bit on the number of wells. The Bakken will go down in number of wells or rigs. And the Permian will go up relative to this year. And the Niobrara will go down 2012 versus 2011 in rigs-directed activity, if you will. And the Combo will stay roughly the same.
Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then on your HBP needs in the Eagle Ford over the next couple of years, could you just quantify that?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we're in decent shape on that. At this stage, we -- if oil went to $50 a barrel or so, then we'd be stressed. But if oil pays $80, $85 or so and we keep on the drilling program we're planning, then we should be in good shape to retain the entire acreage position.
Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then when I think about the Bakken rig count decrease next year, is that largely just a function of where that asset is in it's life cycle, more of a development mode, or is it a statement on economics relative to the Eagle Ford?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, it's more a statement of where our leases are. We've been drilling in the Bakken for quite a few years, as you know, and we're in darn good shape on just holding the lease position together. So we have the flexibility in 2012 to not be forced to drill in the Bakken because we have leasehold issues. And so what we're doing is we're basically saying, okay, we'll slowdown in the Bakken a bit and we're going to accelerate in the Permian, particularly in the Wolfcamp. So the economics are not necessarily driving it as much as the leasehold situation is. I had noted that on a few other competitors' earnings calls, they were talking about well costs in the Bakken for long laterals that I believe the numbers that were quoted are somewhere between $10 million and $12 million a well. Our well costs up there for a long lateral, 10,000 foot lateral, are more like $8.2 million to $8.3 million. So I can see where some people might have some pretty skinny economics if you're spending $10 million plus on these kind of wells.
Operator: We'll go next to Ray Deacon with Brean Murray.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give a little bit more -- few more thoughts on the Vaca Muerta and beyond this first well? What type of commitment do you have for drilling next year?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Let me have Bill Thomas address the thoughts on the Vaca Muerta.
William R. Thomas: Yes, Ray, we've got a well planned in the first part of next year. And the section we're targeting there, we've got data that shows that it's relatively thick, about 900 feet thick, and it's got about 150 million barrels per section of oil in place. So it's certainly a world-class potential rock. And we're planning a horizontal well, and we will be conducting microseismic on it to monitor the frac and do all the science work to fully evaluate how the well fracs. And certainly, we'll follow up that and see how the well produces. So our expectations are really high for it, but we'll just have to see how it goes when we get the well completed.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Great. And maybe one follow-up. In terms of the Permian, I think last quarter, you talked about bottlenecks emerging there similar to what you've seen in the Eagle Ford. I guess, based on your comment, that your activities going to ramp up, it sounds like you can maybe resolve some of those issues. Is that fair?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, our feeling is as the Permian is going to continue to heat up, that the Wolfcamp success we have, I mean, other companies are likely to have similar success subsequently. And so what always happens, it happened in the Bakken, it happened in the Eagle Ford, is you have a lot of success by the industry, and the next thing that inevitably happens is bottlenecks. And we would expect that a year or 2 from now, you'll see a bunch of bottlenecks out there in the Permian, and we're already working trying to -- as we were ahead in the game in both the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, to be ahead of the game to ameliorate those potential bottlenecks. But as far as 2012, at this stage, we don't anticipate any really ugly bottlenecks, at least on the stuff that we're going to develop.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm intrigued by some of those well results at Meyer and Mitchell. You said it was the placement of lateral. Can you talk about whether that's as a mute [ph] fall? Or is that where in the Eagle Ford? And also, the frac design. What are you doing differently?
Mark G. Papa: On the frac design, Bob, we are doing something different, but we're sure not going to tell anybody about it just for competitive reasons. As far as locating the lateral in this section, I mean, typically, the Eagle Ford thickness is 150, maybe 200 feet at the thickest. And we've done a lot of experimenting as to where in that interval should you lay the lateral. And we think we've got -- there are better spots than others there. And we think we've now consistently put that lateral in the proper spot there. So it's probably been the case of the -- I'd say the frac enhancement, the frac design, maybe 50% of the credit, and the lateral location, the other 50% of the credit. But it just shows that the Eagle Ford is, because the rock wall is a bit better, you get outside responses, disproportionately large responses to just some small tweaks. And that's what we've seen, particularly in the Eagle Ford there. That asset is just going to get better and better and better. I know I sound like a broken record on that, but it's truly a sense of wonderment to me how impressive that is.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Well, I'll try again on the placement. Does that imply that you're getting contributions from either a shallower or a deeper zone or not?
Mark G. Papa: No. No, Bob. No, we don't -- this is -- we believe it's all 100% contribution from the Eagle Ford only.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Following up on the last question there. With the strong quarter-on-quarter increase we've seen in the Eagle Ford IPs, not just in Gonzales County, but even in Karnes and LaSalle. Assuming that these better IPs translate to better EURs, do you feel like you're increasing recovery rates or just that you'll end up needing fewer wells to recover what you always thought was recoverable?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, again, I'll put off a specific answer on that till early next year. But the chances of needing fewer wells is pretty low. All this downspacing data tells us directionally that if we go any direction from where we are today, we'll end up drilling more wells in the Eagle Ford. And that the combination of the downspacing, plus these improvements in the frac and everything, that those 2 factors could drive a boost in the recovery factor, which is currently 4%. But we don't want you to go off and say, based on these wells, that you can say, well, we may have downspacing potential, plus higher reserves per well. It's probably not going to work that way. It may be downspacing plus equal reserve per well or something along those lines, when you put the 2 together.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, though, that even before one considers downspacing, the conclusion is that there's upside to the 900 million barrels, just for the well results alone.
Mark G. Papa: Well, we're directionally feeling pretty good, That's all I'm going to commit to at this point.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then secondly, you remarked in your release that the transition to EOG being a liquids focus company is complete and you're now into harvest mode in terms of developing some of what you found. Should we expect either less focus or more flexibility and exploration capital spending for new liquids plays going forward?
Mark G. Papa: The answer to that is no. We continue to be working to turf up new liquids plays. And I mean, if you're driving toward any energy catalysts, I think the catalysts are twofold. One is, can we turf up brand-new liquids plays? The second catalyst is, on the existing ones that are already identified, can we increase recovery factors on those? And so -- but we're placing a large degree of emphasis on both those. But I'd say looking for new plays is clearly on our short list of things that we're doing.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Are you as optimistic on the potential for finding meaningful new plays as maybe you were before yourselves and others have unlocked the number of new liquids plays that have been unlocked here in the last couple of years?
Mark G. Papa: I'd answer that by saying they haven't all been found yet, that's for sure, and our job is to be the finder.
Operator: We'll go next to David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. Mark, did you mention the recovery factors, or do you only think you're recovering 4% right now in the Eagle Ford, is that correct?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, generally, 4%. There's about 21 billion , 22 billion barrels of oil in place in the Eagle Ford, and recovering 0.9 billion, I think that comes out closer to 4% than 5%.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And what do you think that number should, based on whatever you look at or your, I mean, geologists looking at? What number you think that should realistically get to? Let's say the next 3 to 4 years?
Mark G. Papa: Not going to answer that. Good try, though, David.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Let me go to a different route. Just looking at your gas production, obviously, backed off midland [ph] capital. What's your -- what do you think your decline rate's at now? It seems like it has started to slow in the last couple of quarters. It came off kind of hard and then slowed down. How should we think about 10% CapEx for natural gas next year? I know it's dependent on the gas price. But what's the best way to think what your underlying decline rate is right now?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, it's fair to say, our North American gas volumes this year have held up better than I expected relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year, which means the decline's a little less steep than we thought. But I'll also say that we really don't care for 2012 where our gas volumes go because we think it's just, at best case, you're just cycling money. So our interest in having gas volume growth next year or not is very, very low, unlike pretty much the whole rest of the industry. I can't quote you a specific decline rate, but in terms of management focus on North American gas volumes at a $4 price range, we're just indifferent as to the volumes, I guess, the best way to put it.
Operator: We'll go next to Irene Haas with Wunderlich.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: And I have one question, but it has multiple parts. So starting with the most recent dozens of wells that you've drilled, are you targeting the same horizontal interval within the 1,000 foot Wolfcamp? And essentially, how many zones within the Wolfcamp does work? What I'm after is are you going for a double-decker or triple-decker play? And if yes, how big is this play? Does it extend half to 2 counties we know of? And then also, well costs, how much is it costing? And then, finally, you said that this play is one year behind the Eagle Ford, about half the size, so we imply that you have scored about $0.5 billion barrel discovery already in the Wolfcamp. And with that, I will stop there.
Mark G. Papa: Oh, that's about a 5-part question. I'll let Bill Thomas answer that, Irene.
William R. Thomas: Yes, Irene, on the targeting, the shale is really thick. It's about 900 feet thick. And so we're focusing on 2 targets right now, one mainly in the middle target. And that's where we drilled pretty much all the wells that you've seen that we've release in the press releases. And the far right, those have all been in the middle zone, We have recently drilled several wells in the upper target, and we are in the completion process on those, and we don't have the results on those yet. So we at least have 2 targets there, and if they're both successful, you're correct, we will develop that play like we've done other plays, we will alternate targets. And we're currently working on the spacing. We've got multiple spacing tests going on. And so it's going to take us some time to be able to give you any kind of numbers on the full reserve potential of the play because, again, we're just in the early stages of testing the upper target. And we're still in the early stages of figuring out what's the correct downspacing. So both of those will have a tremendous effect on the number of wells. As for the cost, I think we talked about that before. I think our target cost is about $5.4 million per well.
Gary L. Thomas: Yes, our costs are about the same as right now as what the Eagle Ford is. But the thing that's encouraging there, it's about 1,000 feet less TVD, Irene. And we're just thrilled with the drilling results. As a matter of fact, we just recently drilled one well, and it was drilled in just around 7 days at 14,500 feet. So it's an excellent area to be drilling in and very few problems associated with that part of the operations. And we are drilling slightly longer laterals there.
William R. Thomas: As far as the total size of the play, it's certainly a regional shale deposit over the Midland Basin, and so it has a large extent to it, and it's fairly consistent. And so both of those things are really positive for EOG. And like Gary said, it's a play that we can consistently get good results and we can consistently drive down our costs and increase the recovery factor of the play. So this is really a strong play for us and it's got a lot of upside.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I may have one follow-up question. The more recent wells, the blockbuster that you've just have announced, can you tell us how many stages of fracs there are? Are they ultra-long laterals?
Mark G. Papa: The Wolfcamp wells or the Eagle Ford?
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: The recent, the 3 Wolfcamp wells that you just have announced as really huge. Are they the longer laterals, say, 9,000-foot well? I don't think you disclosed.
Gary L. Thomas: No, these are, they are longer, Irene, between in the 7,000 to 7,500 foot length as far as total treatable lateral.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so the frac stages?
Gary L. Thomas: On the stages, they're in the 30 range, 30 to 34.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: So they're pretty closely spaced?
Gary L. Thomas: They are as far as the stage lengths.
Operator: We'll go next the Rehan Rashid with FBR Capital Markets.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: The Eagle Ford side that are getting premium to WTI even now, maybe a little bit thoughts there and then kind of what logistically is happening to get you there? And then second, past maybe some divestitures still left to do in '12, is there a sustainable growth rate of the Enterprise that you would be comfortable talking about, of course, assuming appropriate margins?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Rehan, on the Eagle Ford oil pricing kind of logistics, our view is, is what changed the kind of the calculus there in the Eagle Ford oil pricing is when we started up our crude-by-rail and started moving about 15,000 barrels a day to St. James, then we saw a change by the oil purchasers pretty much throughout the Eagle Ford. And prior to that, we were typically getting WTI minus some increment for our crude. And now we're consistently getting WTI plus an increment for the crude. So I think it's just a case of proving that we have alternates [ph], EOG has alternates [ph] other than just selling the crude in the local Eagle Ford market is what changed the dynamics. So our guess would be that we're probably in a situation where we have a decent chance to get WTI plus increments prospectively for the Eagle Ford crude, that it'll probably a long-term thing. In terms of long term, you kind of said on what kind of grows long term for the company would we be happy with in terms of production growth rate. We'd really -- you kind of hit my hot button on that because I think that because the value of oil growth or NGL growth is so disparate from gas growth, the best way to say it is, as a management team, we view kind of total company production growth as a useless metric. And we're a lot more focused on EPS growth, EBITDA growth per share, cash flow growth per share. So in other words, we're at 110% focused on our liquids growth, and we don't have a great interest in the gas growth side. So it's hard for me to quote an aggregate number for you other than we feel pretty strongly, though, on the liquid size as long as we have supportive WTI and LLS prices that we're going to have long term a disproportionately high liquids growth rate relative to the large-cap independent peer group. And that's what we're really focusing on.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Andrew Coleman with Raymond James.
Andrew Coleman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I'm asking, what are the physical terms in Argentina? Is that a concession, or is that a PSA?
Mark G. Papa: They're basically farm-ins from people who hold it ahead that acreage. And generally, those are not PSAs. They're under the kind of the regime that the previous entities, owners of that acreage had. It's a pretty convoluted, as you know, kind of tax and fiscal regime down there. But our research of it says that under the terms we've assumed under the farm-in, if we can make good wells, we can make a decent rate of return there.
Andrew Coleman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And does the farm-in that you have, I guess, takeaway options or are working those as you get closer to the well results?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, there are plenty of takeaway options there because essentially, what we're doing is we're drilling in the middle of an old existing gas and oilfield. So there's plenty of takeaway options. The issue is really -- what it's really going to boil down to, I believe, with that shale play is, what is going to be the average well cost on a program basis. That's the risk you run on these international shale gas or shale oil projects are, can you drive the well costs down to make sure you have good economics. And so that's the thing that we're looking at. I mean, our growing in very, very rough estimate is we think that the first well or 2 may cost us $15 million a well and then we completed the well cost and then ultimately we can drive that down to maybe $10 million a well. But that's very, very rough. And we'll just have to see as we go forward. The reason I said we'll probably won't be able to report any results until late 2012 is whatever result we get on the first well, we're going to want to test another well or 2 before we go spouting off that this is a big success or a big non-success. It's probably going to take us till late next year before we really can opine pro or con on Argentina stuff.
Andrew Coleman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And there is enough access to services down there so you wouldn't have to bring any of your own, I guess, technical guys down there, I guess, have North American kind of a frac guys go down there to help you get the well completed?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we're pretty comfortable with the level of services. The 2 biggest issues there were directional drilling services and the frac services. And there appears to be enough in country, at least for us, to get a couple of wells done. There's probably not enough in the whole country if the whole play takes off and turns into a monster play. But right now, for testing purposes, yes, there's enough in country.
Andrew Coleman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Then the last question I had is just more on, I guess, the strategic side of things. Given the ambivalence toward gas, I mean, would you guys think about, I guess, larger, more holistic changes to the portfolio vis-a-vis, maybe an MLP of some of those assets or a larger asset sale of some of the more gassy piece of the portfolio?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, as far as an MLP or a VPP, very, very unlikely. We just like to keep our whole accounting and the company very simple. So pretty much 0 chance of that happening. Bigger gas asset sale, yes, it's possible. We just have to see as we go through, but we're so long on gas assets in the company that it wouldn't break our heart if we parted with some significant gas assets. Okay. I appreciate everybody staying with us here through the hour. And we'll talk to you again in 3 months.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We'd like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Unknown Executive -  Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Robert Morris
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2011 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call.  This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Effective January 1, 2010, the SEC now permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Eagle Ford, may include estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, Senior EVP, Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we included third quarter and updated full year guidance in yesterday's press release. I'll now review our second quarter net income and cash flow, followed by operational highlights. In addition to our typical play results, I'm going to also address several hot-button topics, such as weather-related downtime, logistical issues and our plan to deal with the wide differential in crude oil prices between benchmark WTI and LLS. Tim Driggers will provide some financial details, and then I'll provide macro and hedging comments along with concluding remarks.  As outlined in the press release, for the second quarter, EOG reported net income of $295.6 million or $1.10 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain one-time adjustments, as outlined in the press release, EOG's second quarter adjusted net income was $299.2 million or $1.11 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the second quarter was $1.15 billion. I'll now discuss our 2011 business plan and operational results. Our business plan continues to be consistent and straightforward. We've completed the organic conversion to a liquids-based company by exploiting our world-class North American horizontal oil positions, while preserving 100% of our core North American natural gas resource play assets and maintaining a low net debt to total capital ratio.  Our investments in higher rate of return domestic oil plays will flow through the income statement, as net income increases and show up as superior ROEs and ROCEs. There have been 2 changes since the last quarter regarding the capital side of the business. We've increased our anticipated 2011 asset sales from $1.0 billion to $1.6 billion. The incremental $600 million of sales are primarily mature, long-lived domestic gas properties and other acreage. None of these sales involve any of our horizontal oil or gas resource plays. Through mid-year, we've closed our $944 million of sales, and we have signed purchase and sale agreements on another $271 million worth. Although we expect to close all $1.6 billion by year-end, it's possible some of these may not close until the first quarter of next year. However, this $600 million of incremental dispositions will be partially offset by a $400 million CapEx increase, primarily caused by higher service costs. Later in this call, I'll describe our plans to mitigate these costs in 2012 with our self-sourced fracs. We've recently had a lot of investor inquiries regarding weather-related downtime and crude oil takeaway logistics. Here's our situation. In the second quarter, we incurred the expected amount of weather-related downtime in our North Dakota Bakken operations. We also had a small amount of downtime in our Barnett Combo play, due to the lack of crude oil trucks. Because of the transportation contracts we put in place early this year in the Eagle Ford, we were able to move oil to sales and had no unusual crude takeaway downtime in that area.  Since mid-March, we've also had weather-related downtime in our Manitoba Waskada play. Going into the second half, the downtime in Manitoba has continued, and Bakken production also continues to be impacted by a residual flooding. Due to do this impact, we've slightly revised our full year oil growth from 55% to 52%, a total of 2,400 barrels per day from a previous midpoint target of 115,800 [ph] barrels per day, a very small tweak to the big picture. Our total company full year growth target of 9.5% is unchanged, as is our NGL estimate. We still forecast a dramatic 50-plus percent year-over-year growth in crude oil production. You'll also note that our second quarter domestic realized oil price versus WTI was slightly better than similarly situated oil producers. This is primarily because of our Bakken crude-by-rail system and having a dedicated truck fleet to service Eagle Ford.  During the North Dakota spring flooding, even with some rerouting of trains, this crude-by-rail system allowed us to move our crude at much better differentials and by truck. We've also had a lot of investor inquiries relating to persistent WTI to LLS crude differential, and we think we're better prepared to deal with this in 2012 than any similarly-situated producer. We expect to have a capability to rail most of our Bakken and some of our Eagle Ford production to Louisiana instead of Cushing in 2012. And if this differential persists, we should capture the higher margin. Lastly, we signed an agreement for 70,000-barrel a day unit train offloading facility to be built in St. James, Louisiana. The EOG-owned facility is expected to be in service late in the first quarter 2012. With our rail system next year, we'll have the flexibly to move crude to EOG-owned facilities at either Cushing or Louisiana. In the second quarter, our total company production increased 11.6% year-over-year, and more importantly, crude oil increased 50% and NGLs 38% year-over-year. At EOG, we realized that in a $4 gas price world, increasing gas production is, at best, marginally profitable, while growing liquids is quite profitable. Consequently, I'm amazed that any buy- or sell-side analyst accords any importance to North American gas production growth, which is pushing more gas into an already over-supplied market. During the second quarter, 105% of EOG's total volume growth came from liquids, as opposed to gas. With today's 22:1 value ratio differential, between oil and gas, we think that, that adjusted production both metric is essentially useless. What matters is EPS, EBITDA and cash flow per share growth. The IR presentation, we placed on our website yesterday shows an independent analysis of how EOG ranks versus appears for the 2010 through 2012 period on these metrics. EOG shows up as best in class, and I suggest you review this. That's the payoff for our organic oil growth that's unmatched by any company our size. I'll now discuss the major drivers of our oil growth, starting with the Eagle Ford. As most of you know, this is the hottest play in the U.S. and EOG has the largest net position in the oil and wet gas windows, 561,000 acres, of any company in the trade. We continue to be the biggest producer from the oil window, with net after royalty production of 34,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at the end of the second quarter, 83% of which is crude oil. I expect we'll consistently be the largest Eagle Ford net oil producer for the next decade.  We're continuing our high activity level to vest our leases since essentially all our acreage is prospective. Our press release contains multiple individual well results. So rather than providing you a well-by-well recitation, I'll provide some context regarding the overall play. There are 4 key points. First, our well results continue to be remarkably consistent across our 120-mile acreage spread, and we've been 100% successful on completions.  Our typical IP rates throughout the trend range from 700 to 1,600 barrels of oil per day plus gas and NGLs. As we stated on previous calls, our Eagle Ford drilling rates return are excellent. We think they are the best of any large play in the industry. The IR slides posted to our website show one sell-side analysis of forecasted first month Eagle Ford per-well revenue for EOG and the peers, and we're happy to see that our wells rank first. This is indicative of our well quality compared to others in either the oil or rich gas windows. Second, we estimate there to be approximately 21 billion net after royalty Boe's in place within our 535,000 net acres in the oil window. Our current stated net after royalty oil recovery potential is 900 million Boe, which we believe is the largest, lower 48 onshore domestic net oil discovery in the last 40 years. This represents about 4% of total recovery of total oil in place, and now that we've got the reservoir characterized, we're working on ways to improve this recovery factor. In the short-term, these potential recovery factor improvements fall into 2 categories: improving per well reserves; or reducing well spacing to maximize the NPV of the play. We're working on both of these, and we have encouraging news to report today regarding preliminary well spacing results. Our 900 million Boe net after royalty potential recoverable reserve estimate assumes approximately 130 acre well spacing. As noted in our press release, we've recently experimented with tighter spacing, and early results indicate that tighter spacing may be more optimum. It's too early to quantify the reserve impact of closer spacing, but it's definitely positive. Simply put, we need more time to observe the production of these more closely-spaced wells. Third, during the first quarter, we've had 2 independent ratifications of our Eagle Ford acreage value. The first was the Marathon purchase, which most analysts have valued at about $21,000 per acre. We believe EOG's 561,000 net acres have a higher average geologic and product quality than this transaction. The second ratification was the BHP purchase of Petrohawk. Both the size and quality of our acreage, we believe, significantly surpasses the Petrohawk position. I'll also remind everyone that at its first movement in the oil window, our acreage acquisition costs was approximately $450 per acre. And fourth, last quarter, I noted some Eagle Ford crude oil takeaway issues. To date, our interim trucking and rail car logistical solutions have allowed us to avoid any shut-ins, and we're hopeful we can handle our increasing oil volumes until mid-2012 when the enterprise oil pipeline is installed. As you've undoubtedly heard on multiple earnings calls, everything in the Eagle Ford is tight: rigs, frac equipment and crews, sand and product takeaway capacity. So far, we've dodged a lot of bullets and haven't had to slow our 2011 program down because of bottlenecks.  We expect to begin using frac sand from our Wisconsin sand mine in the fourth quarter, which will reduce our well cost and provide a reliable sand source. To provide some scale for you, this facility will ultimately serve most of our North American resource plays. By combining forecast changes and company costs with the self-sourcing of frac sand in the Eagle Ford, we expect to save about $1 million per well compared to early 2011 well cost.  To summarize the Eagle Ford, we have the largest and best quality acreage position in the hottest play in the U.S., which is generating very strong per-well direct after-tax reinvestment rate of returns. As with all our oil resource plays, we intend to develop these asset without a JV. Shifting to the Bakken. We continue to be the largest North Dakota oil producer and achieve consistent results. We plan to drill 106 gross wells this year, and we're pleased to note that a recent sell-side analysis of Bakken peak oil production rate per well ranked us second of 17 companies. This attests to the performance of our wells.  The main issue in the Bakken during the second quarter wasn't well performance, it was weather. As you've undoubtedly heard by now from other area producers. In our May guidance, we correctly forecast for downtime from the severe ice storm in the second quarter, but we underestimated the impact that the recent flooding in the Bakken and Manitoba Waskada areas would have on our full year production. As of today, we still have production shut-in in both areas because of flooding. Net-net, these flooding is the main reason we slightly shaved our full-year oil production forecast. Our Barnett Combo play is also performing well, but we did have a small amount of second quarter oil and NGL production curtailed due to lack of crude oil trucks. We think this problem has been resolved. We continue to tweak our Combo frac designs and have recently achieved a higher initial oil and gas rates per well. We hope this translates into higher reserves before the treated lateral, but it will take 6 months to determine the results. Our press release also noted a new successful, mid-continent horizontal oil play, the Marmaton sandstone in the Oklahoma Panhandle. During the quarter, we drilled 8 strong Marmaton wells, such as the 100% working interest Davis 3 No. 1H, which IP-ed at 1,050 barrels of oil per day with 5 million cubic a per day of rich gas for a $4.3 million well cost. We had 34,000 net acres in this play. Because we don't have a huge acreage position, this will be a contributory rather than a gain-breaking play for EOG, but it will help us grow mid-continent liquid volumes. In the West Texas Permian Basin, we've had success in all 3 of our oil plays. The Wolfcamp, Leonard and Bone Springs. We have a total of 240,000 net acres that are likely productive in one or multiple intervals. As we see it now, the biggest of these 3 plays for EOG is the Wolfcamp. During the quarter, we successfully proved that new acreage with the 100% working interest to University 9 #2802H, which tested at a peak rate of 583 barrels of oil per day and 250 Mcf a day of gas.  We also completed a well with a long 9,100-foot lateral for 935 barrels of oil per day, with 830 Mcf a day of gas. As with all new resource plays, we've rapidly reduced both our drilling and frac costs, and thereby, improved RORs. We recently drilled the Wolfcamp well to 14,200 feet measured depths in 7 days, which is excellent. We have achieved similar positive well results in both the Leonard and Bone Springs. In 2012, we'll be ramping up our Permian Basin oil drilling now that we have multiple proven successes in all 3 plays. This will develop into a more significant growth area for us in 2012 and beyond, and we expect the total net reserve estimate here to increase over time. In our DJ Basin, Niobrara Play, we've expanded the acreage we've proven up. All the results reported to date had been on our 80,000 net acre Hereford Ranch prospect. This quarter, we drilled successful wells on an additional 89,000 net acres, expanding our prospective acreage to 169,000 net acres. The Niobrara has some unique production characteristics that we haven't seen in any other oil resource play. Some wells start out at lower initial rates but then exhibit much flatter declines in other plays. For example, the well that kicked off the play, the Jake 2-01H, started out at a 645 barrel of oil per day stabilized rate and is currently producing 275 barrels of oil per day, a low decline rate, 22 months later. To summarize the Niobrara, this will definitely be a contributory play for us, and with optimized frac technology we might turn it into an even more significant asset. Last quarter, I introduced our successful Wyoming Powder River Basin Turner sandstone horizontal liquids play. We didn't drill any Turner wells this quarter, but we plan to drill 7 additional wells during the second half. During the quarter, we also added 100,000 net acres in Argentina's Neuquen Basin. Our target is the Vaca Muerta shale, which we believe will be oil-productive. We'll drill our first 2 wells in 2012.  Turning to the dry gas side of the ledger. We continue to focus essentially all natural gas investments in areas where we must drill to hold acreage, mainly the Marcellus and Haynesville shales. We're continuing to generate consistent well results in these areas. In British Columbia, you've likely already heard Kitimat project status updates from in Encana and Apache, and we concur with their status comments. Like them, we're excited about the project but it's not yet a done deal. The project is contingent upon the cost estimate study and ability to lock in long-term oil index off that contracts. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy Driggers: Good morning. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $14.8 million. For the second quarter 2011, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.64 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $180 million. At second quarter end 2011, total debt outstanding was $5.2 billion, and the debt-to-total-capitalization ratio was 30%. At June 30, we have $1.6 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $3.6 billion or net-debt-to-total-capital ratio of 23%. On a GAAP reporting basis, the effective tax rate for the second quarter was 46%, and the deferred tax ratio was 71%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the third quarter and updated full year 2011. For the third quarter, the effective tax range is 35% to 50%. For the full year 2011, the effective tax range is 35% to 45%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the third quarter and for the full year. For each $1 per barrel change in wellhead crude oil and condensate price, combined with the related change in NGL price, the sensitivity is approximately $24 million for net income and $36 million for operating cash flow. EOG's price sensitivity for each $0.10 per Mcf change in wellhead natural gas prices is approximately $15 million for net income and $23 million for operating cash flow, excluding the impact of swaptions.  Now I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss hedging and provide his concluding remarks.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll discuss our views regarding macro and hedging. Regarding crude oil, we still like both the short- and long-term supply demand fundamentals, although guessing which way short-term prices will move is obviously a speculative call. We currently are 26% hedged August through December of this year, at a $97.02 price. And for 2012, we're approximately 7% hedged at a $106.37 price. We continued to have a 1- to 3-year cautionary view regarding North American gas prices, but believe 2014 and later markets will balance as gas-powered electricity demand increases. For this reason, we have no interest in growing 2011 North American gas volumes at current price levels. Our hedges are consistent with our macro view.  The North American natural gas, we're approximately 50% hedged at a $4.90 price for September through December of this year. Additionally, we've sold options at a $4.73 price net of exercise. It would mean we're 88% hedged through year-end. For 2012, we're approximately 39% hedged at a $5.44 price. With options net of exercise, it will increase to a 70% hedged level at a $5.44 price. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are 6 important points to take away from this call. First, our reinvestment RORs are very strong. I think they're the best in the industry, led by the Eagle Ford. This is driving our EPS, EBITDA and cash flow per share growth. Second, we believe our unit cost containment this year is excellent, considering the inflationary environment. Third, we're the leading oil producer in the 2 hottest and highest ROR domestic oil plays, the Bakken and Eagle Ford. No one our size is growing domestic oil volumes comparably to EOG. All of our plays are onshore, and all of the oil is sweet and high quality. This quality crude is in demand by refineries, and we'll be able to access LLS prices early in 2012.  Fourth, we're not interested in growing North American gas volumes at current prices, unlike most other companies. Fifth, we're accomplishing all this while maintaining low debt. And sixth, I'll be 65 years old next month, and it's appropriate that investors may want to know my plans. I plan to be in the current job for at least the next 18 months, and when I do retire, my successor will be a long-tenured EOG employee, who has the EOG DNA.  Across our 10 operating divisions in North America, the average tenure of our general managers is 17 years. Here in Houston, Bill Thomas and Gary Thomas, Senior Executive Vice Presidents of Exploration and Operations have a combined 65 years at EOG. As with any public company, we have succession planning discussions with our board, and when appropriate, we'll announce when decisions have been made. Thanks for listening. And now, we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just in the Niobrara, can you provide us with the resource estimate update on the 160,000 net acres that you think are de-risk at this point?
Mark Papa: Yes. We haven't really come out with the resource estimate yet on there. I mean, it's no secret that the Niobrara has proven to be, I'd say, one of the more complex horizontal oil plays that both we and the industry have dealt with. I'm sure you're aware there's been mixed results from various companies in the Niobrara. I'm pleased to say EOG probably has the best results in Niobrara than any company. But we're still in kind of an understanding and evaluation phase of it as opposed to -- so we really don't want to give a number at this point in time because there's pretty wide range.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Well, maybe just on the Hereford Ranch area, even if the not total resource, what are you seeing sort of at the average EUR per well? Or just some context on that.
Unknown Executive: Yes, Brian, I'd say the averages is probably in the 200, 225 barrels of oil equivalent range. The good thing we're seeing on these wells is that many of them -- they don't come in at really extremely high IPs. They'll come in at, say, 300 or 400 barrels per day. But after a year or so, they're still making 200 barrels a day. So the decline rates are really low, and that's very encouraging to us. We also had a lot of encouragement on our step-out drilling, as Mark's indicated in his comments and in our press release. And so, just overall, we're real positive in what's going on, and I really think it's going to be a significant play for EOG. But again, we want to have a little bit more time to drill some more wells and to evaluate the production before we come out with a reserve potential number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First on the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, can you talk to the costs associated with railing that to Louisiana, i.e. how should we think about the combination of quality and transport differential? And then can you also maybe add some color on where your current rates are relative to the second quarter average, whether we see a step up?
Mark Papa: Yes. In terms of when you say current rates, you talk about oil production rates or...
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Oil production rates, that's right, yes.
Mark Papa: Yes. What we're programming this year for the Bakken is not a particularly strong step-up in oil production rates in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Where the growth is going to come in oil production rates is primarily from the Eagle Ford and secondarily from 3 different areas, really. The biggest secondary area will be the Combo play, and then also some contributions from the plays in the Permian Basin, and Mid-Continent. In terms of the rail cost, we haven't disclosed the cost or incremental cost to rail it from Cushing to St. James, Louisiana, and because it's possible we may be conducting third-party business there. And I don't want to give any proprietary information away, but what I can say is, relative to the current price value differential between LLS and WTI, it's totally obvious that we would, if those differentials exist next year, we'll be rail coloring every possible barrel we can to St. James as opposed to Cushing.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then as a follow-up, going back to the Niobrara, can you talk a little bit as to why you think you're seeing the flatter declines and flatter IPs there? And in the past, I think you've highlighted that unique frac technique, though I think you mentioned in your comments that you needed to optimize fracs further, and if you'd add some color there.
Timothy Driggers: Brian, I guess, early on, with some of the wells that came on with high IPs, we were thinking this was really more of an open fracture play. But as time goes along and we see more production from the wells, we're realizing that we're getting some contribution from the kind of system profitability, which would be a kind of a combination of maybe some new, some micro fracture system and the matrix firm. The wells wouldn't be so low decline. So that's what gives us encouragement, and it does pay. As you don't have open fracture systems, you really need to stimulate a lot more, and so it's really important for us to continue to learn and to refine our completion techniques to make this successful. And we don't have to get a low cost down on the play because the IPs are not that high. So we've got some work to do, but we certainly see a really good encouragement from the results so far.
Mark Papa: And Brian, let me just give a little more color, which may be helpful to people on the call. If you look at what's going on with the Niobrara, I'd say the play is kind of a liquids-rich play that most similar to it in one respect was the Barnett Combo and that the reason we basically own the Barnett Combo play in that overwhelmingly dominant acreage over there is because that play was very technically tough to turn into good economics. And so hence, everybody else shied away from it. And it took us several years to turn that into the kind of play we wanted to, and right now, we're really accruing the benefits from the Combo play, which is giving us extremely strong economics. The Niobrara is kind of like that in that it's not a slamdunk. The Eagle Ford and the Bakken were slamdunks. We came out of there in the first inning and hit homeruns, and those were just easier rocks to deal with. So some of these plays are ones that, because the rock quality is superior, you can knock the ball out of the park right in the first inning, and some of them takes you 'til the fifth inning or so before you knock the ball out of the park. And right now, with the Niobrara, we're probably in the third inning or so on that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with RBC Capital Markets.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just wondered if you could kind of comment on what you're seeing on the Eagle Ford in terms of recovery factors. I think you mentioned 4%, Mark, I think you had previously had a range of maybe somewhere around 3% to 4% roughly a year ago. I just wanted to get a sense of what you thought was responsible for some of the uplift and maybe sort of any guess as to kind of where you think this number might migrate to over time if you think there's going to be some upside there.
Mark Papa: Yes, I'd say our view is that there will be upward pressure on our $900 million of net after royalty reserve estimate there. Generally, we have been -- that estimate was based on a 130-acre spacing, which in rough terms translates to maybe a 1,200-foot to 1,500-foot between lateral wells. And we're now in the process that we have 2 to 3 months production history from wells spaced more closely, and we're drilling a lot of the wells that are currently being drilled or on this more closed spacing. And the initial reservoir simulation results, actual production results are encouraging, but as usual, we're pretty cautious in giving out estimates. So we could come out with some flashy number right now, but we just wanted to get more well results than the 3 wells that we have at down-spaced conditions and watch production for a while before we give you any additional numbers on the Eagle Ford reserves.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Got you, okay. I guess just jumping over to the Wolfcamp play. I think you guys are seeing favorably higher production rates rather than sort of your last round of updates in the well that, I guess, did just over 1,000 BOE per day when you throw in the gas. Just wanted to get a sense to what's happening there, if you guys are continuing to experiment with different frac techniques. I know you mentioned longer laterals on that particular well. What do you think's driving sort of the better production there?
Timothy Driggers: Leo, there's kind of several things going on. I think, certainly the longer laterals is making a big contribution to the better wells. We've also recently continued to tweak our completion techniques, and we now have, I think, in the last call, we had 1 well. We now have 7 wells that we completed with the new frac technique. And these 7 wells are averaging over the first 30 to 60 days about 15% to 20% better production than the old kind of completion techniques. So we don't, haven't upgraded our EURs yet. We are watching more a little bit longer. But that's also very, very, very encouraging. We've also drilled a number of step-up wells to prove up additional acreage. And so, we're very encouraged about this, looking at plays. It's moving along very nicely. We're getting our costs down. We're proven up additional acreage, and then we're improving those results from the wells that we're drilling. So it's all doing really well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Wilmoth with Simmons & Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: Guy, you mentioned the Wisconsin sand mine coming online in 4Q, could provide an upstand for most of your resource plays. You guys quantified the impact in the Eagle Ford. What could that mean to cost savings across your portfolio or maybe in terms of total CapEx for next year?
Timothy Driggers: If we use this sand, and we have our dedicated frac fleets on maybe [indiscernible] most of our wells there in the Eagle Ford. We already have that going in the Barnett. We're going to use this sand also in Pittsburgh, some also in West Texas. We could probably look in its savings around $400 million, just on the sand part. Then we have the benefit of the dedicated frac fleets, and that improved efficiency there. We have these contracted to similar to what we have, drilling rates contracted to us, just a day work basis.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: And then when I think about rig activity in the Eagle Ford currently at 22 rigs, can you talk about initial plans you are running into 2012 and what your future activity level needs to be to hold your acreage in the future?
Mark Papa: Yes. We, right now, we're planning on ramping up our activity in the Eagle Ford. And that's obviously going to be function to some degree of oil prices. So we're going to drill 250 wells this year in the Eagle Ford, and as a minimum, we'll drill 250 wells next year there. And in terms of some of the other areas there, we'll just being deciding what is the cash flow that we're going to generate next year and then try to balance it here. And obviously, this is -- we made -- depending on what oil prices do is a big function there.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Mark, can you -- I think you might have mentioned, but I missed it. Can you talk about what the recovery rates are right now in Eagle Ford or what do you think the recovery rates are?
Mark Papa: Yes, about 4%, David.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, 4%, and it does -- you said the additional downspacing, what do you think that would take you to adjust that, if that would work for tighter spacing?
Mark Papa: We haven't said. Yes, all we're saying is there, if the downspacing works, the recovery factor will likely be higher than 4%, but no quantification on how much higher.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, okay. And then on the M&A, on the divestiture front, the $1.6 billion, additional $600 million you've said are in core plays. Did you characterize gas versus oil or kind of what's the midstream? Is it EMP appropriate? Can you give us a little more color there?
Timothy Driggers: As far as the producing properties that we're selling, all of that is gas properties. Most of it is properties that we've had for some time, like East Texas, and we're selling scattered properties in the Mid-Continent, Gulf of Mexico properties offshore. And that's approximately half of our overall dispositions, and the balance of that is leasehold facilities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Irene Hass with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: This is my question. It seems like you guys have got these resource plays down to a sign, specifically in Midland basin, the horizontal Wolfcamp play. What do you think is the optimal link? I noticed that you still have some EUR up there on your presentation. Could there be upside to it? I'm just kind of wondering how much it's cost to drill and complete this play particular? Are you going for multiple benches? Are you focused on bench a, b or c? And that's all I have for you today.
Timothy Driggers: Yes, Irene, we've been drilling laterals anywhere from 6,000 to 9,000 feet. And a link to a lateral depends on a larger percentage of geology and the lease parameters, and things like that. Of course, we're drilling as long as we can to make better wells generally to get higher rates of return on that. We are testing multiple spacing patterns. We're drilling some wells on 990-foot spacing between laterals and some on 660-foot spacing, and we are, we primarily only tested the middle Wolfcamp. It's got 3 different pays over about 1,000 feet of gross intervals, so there's a lot of oil and gas in place. And there's 3 potential pay zones. We've primarily been testing the middle pay. Well, we do have plans to test the upper pay. And so there's a lot of work to be done. There's enormous amount of potential, and it's going really well. The well costs are running right now, about $5.4 million a well, and they're steadily going down. Our group in West Texas are doing a great job of getting the cost down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: 2 quick ones. With Argentina, you said 2012 drillings. What are you going to do for things like frac equipment? It's not a country that's well known for having large fleets.
Mark Papa: Yes, I mean, there is a small amount of frac equipment in-country right now, and then the major service companies are in the process of shifting additional frac equipment down there. And for the first couple of wells, it's going to be kind of one-off deals that we'll have to schedule months and months in advance to get the fracs done. But our logic is, if this shale turns out to be something that is commercial and productive, that you'll see them, particularly the major service companies, just move equipment in there in the 2013 through 2015 timeframe. So it's -- we're pretty optimistic about the quality of that shale. We charge our people with -- the only way we go outside North America is if we could find the shale, an oil shale that we thought looked superior to Eagle Ford, and we believe we found one there. So time will tell.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: So it wasn't the beef?
Mark Papa: No, it wasn't the beef, John.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. With the Wolfcamp, how optimistic should we be? It's pretty thick interval, shale interval. How excited are you about it? Or can you put it in context of you other plays?
Mark Papa: Yes. In relative terms, we're pretty excited about the Wolfcamp. That one, we think that we have a very good chance of making consistently good wells there. So on a scale whereby we kind of said in this call that the Mid-Continent Marmaton was going to be a contributory play, and we said the Niobrara was a contributory play and maybe we could get it someday to be more than a contributory play, I would say that Wolfcamp's got a chance to be a kind of a game-breaking play for us in the Permian basin as opposed to just a contributory play.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Sanford Bernstein.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: If we think about crude by rail, do you worry that some of your competitors will follow what you've done and get to a point where the rail system can no longer support that export capacity? And what do you think that limit of export capacity could be?
Mark Papa: Yes, we're not -- I mean, the limitation right now, Bob, is not the rail system. It's tanker cars. That's where the real shortage is, it's tanker cars and external link capacity in Louisiana. Right now, we investigated, for example, a greenfield rail car terminal in Louisiana. The problem is the time to get the permits, the time to construct the greenfield plant. You're looking at minimum of 12 months from start time, probably more like 18 months. So what we've done is we've teamed up with a company whose got an existing terminal system there, a company called NuStar, and all we're going to do is augment that with building a rail car facility. The issue is everyone would like to get their crude there, but right now, the issues are weaker rail car crude there and there are some rail terminals in Louisiana except that they will capture those along the terminals, capture all the economic rent of that high LLS-WTI differential. So there's no benefit to producers to go through those terminals. So that's why we're going essentially through our own system there where we can capture that economic rent. I'll also say that we're quoting the nameplate capacity at 70,000 barrels a day, but we can very readily upscale that to 140,000 barrels a day without a whole lot of incremental investment. So the issue there is we don't think there's going to be a lot of people who are able to move this stuff by rail car just because the barrier to entry is 12 to 18 months of greenfield facility. So we think we will be advantaged in 2012 and the first half of 2013 relative to pretty much any other producer in ability to move crude to get the LLS price. So and on a timing issue, I mean, you're aware, as is most people, that the real question is, when will there will be an additional pipeline system out of Cushing to the Gulf Coast? And every time I look, it looks like that's been delayed or slowed down a bit more. And so it looks like to me that, at least through 2012 and by the early 2013, there's going to be some kind of a differential, pretty high differential between Cushing and LLS.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Morris with Citi.
Robert Morris: In the Eagle Ford, what are your well costs running currently?
Timothy Driggers: They're running at about $6 million, 8 drill wells.
Robert Morris: Okay. Things last quarter. So with the sand mine or sand source in the quarter reducing well cost by $1 million. You've also noted your budget increase is still pretty persistent service cost inflation. So to what extent will that bathing on the sand be offset by inflation and other components here? And what do you expect the average well cost in Eagle Ford to be next year?
Timothy Driggers: We would say that the average well cost next year would probably be less than somewhere in the $5 million to $5.5 million next year. We are seeing cost creep there that just because it's such an active area, both there and the Bakken, that's where we've seen the increased cost to maybe somewhere 8% and 10% for 2011 above 2010. But there's more equipment that's being brought into the Eagle Ford, so I think yes, we'll see that subside.
Mark Papa: Okay, Bob, one way to look at it is we kind of quoted some economics and quoted a well cost to $6 million. We are seeing upward pressure on that currently, and we quoted about $1 million of savings for all this frac stuff when we get in place in the Eagle Ford. But probably now, there'll be $1 million savings, but that'll be offset by maybe $0.25 million price increase just for this cost pressure. So $5.25 million next year may be a reasonable cost estimate. You'll remember we quoted knockout economics, it's $6 million cost. So we'll have these reduced costs but, I believe, will be absolute best reinvestment rate of returns of any play in North America. So we feel pretty good about that.
Robert Morris: Good. On the service cost side, obviously everybody is pretty have pretty good margins of returns in these oil plays. When do you think some of this service cost inflation will begin to level out here?
Timothy Driggers: We're seeing it level out. Last year, we were seeing, for instance, stimulation costs were up 30% to 50%. And this year, we've got areas where it's flat, and in areas like the Rockies, I mentioned again, it's up 15% to 20%. But Mid-Continent's up only about 5%. So we're seeing some of that flattening with the additional equipment that's being constructed and put in place.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rehan Rashid with FBR Capital Markets.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Along the same lines, when -- how long are your typical drilling or completion contracts for? What I'm trying to get to is oil -- before oil prices contract or stay lower, how long before you kind of get some of those inflation numbers back to you before you deal?
Mark Papa: Yes, I mean, that's a good question. If you take our overall drilling rigs, we're running roughly 70, 72 rigs. We've currently got about half of them contracted long-term. Long-term means generally 1 year or 2 years, maybe 3 years at the most. And half are just on contracted just well by well. And the same on kind of our frac commitments. We've got these dedicated pumping fleets, and for our total frac requirements across the company, about 50% of those requirements are covered by these kind of long-term agreements. So in the scenario where you just had an utter collapse in both oil and gas prices, and everybody had to pull in their horns and slow down activity. In that frac theory, we could reduce our activity by 50% without incurring any contracts that we really would have to negotiate around.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, and the completion contract terms are the same, 1 to 3 years, right?
Mark Papa: Yes.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, okay. A quick follow-up on maybe a little bit on the geology on the Eagle Ford. I don't -- joined late so I apologize if you've mentioned this already. The Eagle Ford well performance holding better than modeled, any kind of color around kind of why that could be happening?
Mark Papa: Well, I'm not sure I'd say it's better than modeled. It's the same kind of we would describe as similar reserves that we've been talking about for the last 6 months in the Eagle Ford, which is nominally 430 to 460 Mboe net after royalty per well, but the consistency just is what continues to amaze me. The press release, we quoted 16 wells. That's -- we could've listed a whole lot more than 16 wells. So I'm just amazed that we haven't frankly drilled any real stinkers. We've got all these rigs around and drilling all these wells, and a bad well is the one that starts out at 700 barrels of oil a day, which is really a good well. So the point to make is we haven't seen any inconsistency in the Eagle Ford, and the downspacing is -- what we're really focusing on now is how densely can or should we drill these wells to maximize the NPV of this asset, given that right now, we're just slating 4% overall oil recovery. What you're going to see in all these source and our oil plays, whether it's the Bakken, the Wolfcamp so on and so forth, is Phase 2 of development of all of these plays is going to focus on improving the recovery factor. And if you go back to the natural gas side, a lot of you will remember that we quoted it initially in the Barnett Shale in Johnson County, a recovery factor that was turned out to be much lower than what we're currently achieving. We're, right now, we're achieving recovery factors in the Barnett Shale of roughly about 40% or so, I think, is our number. Now we never get to 40% oil recovery factor in these plays, but we really think what you people, as analysts, should be focusing on is who's the industry leader in improving recovery factors after these oil shales have been found and initial development has started? And just the EOG was the industry leader in finding most of these oil shale plays in North America. We believe we'll be the industry leader in attacking the improved recovery portion of it.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Papa for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Papa: Yes, thanks for listening. I've just got 2 additional comments. If you kind of listened to the drift of this call, what you can take away from it is, essentially, every one of our horizontal oil plays, we have upbeat news that we shared with you this quarter. And that's pretty rare. And then the second point, I'll reiterate it again because I'm really just befuddled why anybody in the industry pays the slightest attention to natural gas growth in North America is beyond me. And I continue to see particularly sell-side writeups that say, "This company is growing at this rate." In my mind, it doesn't matter if you're growing at that rate if your primary driver of your growth is natural gas, which is barely profitable at best. So I'd sure like people to focus more on the parameters we quoted, which are the EPS, EBITDA, cash flow growth and rates of growth of those. And I think you'll view EOG as the standout company in those parameters. Thank you very much, and that concludes my comments.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Loren Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President of Exploration Unknown Executive -  Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Maire Baldwin - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Joseph Magner - Macquarie Research Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources First Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2011 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com.  Effective January 1, 2010, the SEC now permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC, to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Eagle Ford, may include estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate that reference as a cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page at our website.  With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP Operations; Bill Thomas, Senior EVP Exploitation; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night and we included second quarter and full year guidance in yesterday's press release.  I'll now review our first quarter net income and cash flow, followed by our operational highlights. Tim Driggers will then provide some financial details, then I'll provide some macro and hedging comments, along with concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the first quarter, EOG reported net income of $134 million or $0.52 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income, if you eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain onetime adjustments as outlined in the press release, EOG's first quarter adjusted net income was $177 million or $0.68 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the first quarter was $947 million.  I'll now discuss our 2011 business plan and operational results. Our business plan continues to be consistent and straightforward. We're rapidly making the organic conversion to a liquids-based company by exploiting our world-class North American horizontal oil positions, while still preserving 100% of our large North American natural gas resource play assets and maintaining a low net debt to cap ratio. As our first quarter results indicate, the plan is working just like we drew it up on the chalkboard 4 years ago. We've invested the majority of our capital in very high reinvestment rate of return, domestic oil development projects, which will ultimately flow through our net income and show up as superior ROEs and ROCEs. We're very comfortable regarding our 2011 goal of approximately $1 billion of asset sales, which will help maintain low debt ratios. In the first quarter, we received $260 million from property dispositions and asset sales. Since March 31, we've received an additional $387 million of proceeds and we're actively working on an incremental $400 million of sales. So this goal is well in hand.  In the first quarter, total company production averaged 14% year-over-year. Total company liquids increased 47% and unit costs remained in line. Although our second quarter oil estimate has been significantly affected by flooding and ice storms in our North Dakota Bakken and Manitoba Waskada fields and major electricity outages impacting our North Dakota Bakken operations, there's no change to our full year production growth targets of 9% for total company and 49% for total liquid. This is reflected in last night's guidance. I want to repeat a comment that I made on the previous quarterly call. At the current 23:1 crude oil to natural gas price ratio, I believe the overall production growth yardstick is somewhat meaningless. In today's world, the metrics of liquids production growth and product mix change should be the focus since cash flow, returns and earnings will follow liquids growth and that's how we define EOG strategy.  I'll now discuss several of our key plays, beginning with the Eagle Ford. I'll start with an editorial comment. I believe Wall Street continues to undervalue our Eagle Ford oil position. Perhaps the undervaluation is disbelief at the sheer size of this onshore position. Not many people can believe the fact that we've captured a 900 million barrel oil equivalent net after royalty position, consisting of 77% oil and 11% NGLs, with very high reinvestment rates of return. I can't think of a single company, independent or major, who has captured this size net oil accumulation in the onshore lower 48 in the past 40 years. We're in the first inning of developing this asset and just like the Bakken, this is becoming one of the hottest plays in North America. EOG, by moving early, has captured the largest acreage position in the crude oil window. We're the biggest producer from the oil window, with net production of 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent at the end of the first quarter. Our press release contains multiple individual well results, so rather than providing a well-by-well recitation, I'll provide some context regarding the overall play. There are 3 key points: First, we are currently drilling with 18 rigs. Simply put, we continue to have 100% success with our drilling results. We've now drilled enough wells throughout our 520,000 net acre spread to feel very comfortable that all the acreage is good. Our most recent success is in a new fault block identified on 3D seismic at the north easternmost end of our acreage, where the Hill Unit #2 well tested at 1,233 barrel oil per day initial rate. The results from the wells were drilled across our entire acreage position are very consistent. The wells in the northeast and center portions of our acreage IP at between 800 and 1,500 barrels of oil per day, plus rich gas, while the southwest wells IP at 600 to 800 barrels of oil per day, plus rich gas. As with any resource play, the wells exhibit a steep decline the first few years and ultimately level out at 100 to 200 barrels of oil per day over the long term.  Our per well reserve estimates are unchanged from our previous estimate between 430,000 and 460,000 barrels of oil equivalent, net after royalty. Second, project economics have improved with oil prices and our ongoing focus on cost efficiencies. Last quarter, I quoted 65% to 110% direct after-tax unlevered reinvestment rates of return, using current well cost. Using the current NYMEX oil strip, the per well economics are 95% to 140% direct after tax. Additionally, we still expect to further improve these economics by decreasing well cost from the current $6 million target to our goal of $5 million by 2012 with our self-sourced fracs. When combined with the size of the prize, this bodes huge for EOG's future profitability. Over time, we'll invest between $10 billion and $15 billion developing this asset. Again,  [Audio Gap]  who has captured this magnitude of a very high return investment opportunity.  And third, last quarter, I mentioned 2 Eagle Ford logistics issues: the lack of both frac proppant availability and crude oil takeaway capacity. These problems still exist but so far, neither has bitten us. Proppant availability is still a hand-to-mouth existence but we've arranged for some temporary fixes until our self-sourced sand arise later this year. Regarding crude oil takeaway capacity, we've installed the crude-by-rail facility. We're currently moving 4,000 barrels of oil per day and expect to be building 20,000 barrels of oil per day of Eagle Ford oil by rail by year end. The concept is the same as our highly successful Bakken crude-by-rail program, where we are moving on average 40,000 barrels of oil per day. Shifting to the Bakken, we continue to be the largest North Dakota oil producer and registered our typical great results from first quarter wells. As with the Eagle Ford, I won't go into a well-by-well recitation but will instead provide an overview. We're currently running 10 rigs and are having consistently good results, i.e. 100% success across our 600,000 acres. Aggregate direct economics in the Bakken are 40% to 50% after-tax. Currently, the Bakken is our greatest -- excuse me, is our largest crude oil component and will continue to be until the Eagle Ford surpasses it in a few years. Our Barnett Combo play is also performing well. We did have weather hurdles during the first quarter, with freeze-offs and associated downtime. We expanded our core position to 185,000 net acres. We're running 11 rigs and are achieving good results in both eastern and western portions of the core area, encompassing Cooke and Montague Counties. At a $3 million well cost, the typical direct ATRORs here are 40% to 60%. In the Permian Basin, we've had further success in Irion and Crockett Counties, in our Wolfcamp play, where we're running 2 rigs. Two wells are the Munson 2701H and the University 43-1001H, which had 30-day production averages of 330 and 440 barrels of oil per day, with 400 to 700 Mcf a day of rich gas, respectively. The Wolfcamp is in the early stages of optimization. We recently completed the University 40-1404H well using a different type frac. The well is currently producing 624 barrels of oil per day, with 539 Mcf per day and showing good results. We've proven up 44,000 of our 120,000 acres and by year end, we'll have the remaining 76,000 acres tested. This area contains multiple separate Wolfcamp play horizons, so we're excited about the ultimate potential here.  Also on the Permian Basin, we're running one rig in our Leonard Shale horizontal play and continue to have positive results, such as the Vaca 14-5H well, which averaged 476 barrels of oil per day, with 1.2 million cubic feet a day of rich gas for the first 15 days. We're executing our Leonard development at a relatively slow pace because we don't have the lease expiration issues that we have in other areas.  In our VJ Basin Niobrara oil play, recent results have shifted my feeling regarding the play from cautious to optimistic. We've made great strides in improving our understanding of the play on our 80,000 net acre Hereford Ranch field, where production is 4,000 barrels of oil per day net. During the remainder of the year, we'll test the other portions of our 220,000 total net acres.  Industry results today have been mixed, but we feel pretty good that we've got a significant oil play to develop. However, it will be year end before we can provide you a reserve estimate.  I'll now discuss the play and acreage position we haven't previously disclosed. We have 138,000 net acres in the Powder River Basin and feel this acreage is prospective in multiple pay horizons. To date, we've concentrated a one-rig program, drilling wells in Campbell County, Wyoming. So far, we've drilled 8 successful horizontal wells in the Turner sandstone. A typical well is a Crossbow 7-6H, which had a 30-day average rate of 275 barrels of oil per day, with 100 barrels per day of NGLs and 2 million cubic feet a day of gas. We'll be testing other intervals on this acreage later this year and in 2012. The last oil play I'll discuss is our Waskada horizontal field in Manitoba. Our Canadian crude oil production grew 47% year-over-year in the first quarter due to further field development. During the first quarter, we drilled 47 wells and attained an average IP of 240 barrels of oil per day from this program. Production will remain flat during the second and third quarters due to flooding and spring break up. Production growth will resume in the fourth quarter, when we put more wells online. This area continues to generate 100% direct after-tax rates of return.  Turning to the dry gas side of our ledger, we're focusing essentially all our natural gas investments in areas where we have to drill to hold acreage: The Marcellus, Haynesville, and to a lesser extent, the Horn River. In the Marcellus, we've added another data point from our 50,000 net acres in Bradford County. Using our new frac design, the Guinan #2H tested at 9 million cubic feet per day. This complements the Hoppaugh 3H well that we reported last quarter with a 14 million a day IP rate and provides further confirmation that our acreage is quite good. We have 100% working interest in both wells. In the Haynesville, we've increased our sweet spot holdings by 7,000 net acres. We'll average 8.5 drilling rigs this year and we're achieving expected results. In Nacogdoches County, the Kurth #1 IP-ed at a restricted rate of 16 million a day, with 8,800 psi flowing pressure from the Haynesville. In San Augustine County, the Sunrise #1 well IP-ed at a restrictive rate of 12 million cubic feet a day, with 8,600 psi in the Bossier formation. We continue to make good progress in reducing completed well cost, with the 12% reduction in our Nacogdoches and San Augustine County program in the first quarter versus our 2010 results. In British Columbia, our Kitimat LNG project continues to make progress. The 2 key commercial items that will determine ultimate project viability are the detailed project cost estimate, which is underway and securing oil index offtake contracts. I continue to be optimistic regarding this project but I think it will be year end or first quarter 2012 before we can determine if this project is a definite go.  I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy Driggers: Good morning. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $15.6 million. For the first quarter 2011, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.58 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment expenditures were $160 million. At first quarter end 2011, total debt outstanding was $5.2 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 31%. At March 31, we had $1.7 billion of cash on hand, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $3.5 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 23%. On a GAAP reporting basis, the effective tax rate for the first quarter was 41% and the deferred tax ratio was 34%. Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for second quarter and updated full year of 2011.  For the second quarter, the effective tax range is 35% to 50%. For the full year of 2011, the effective tax range is 35% to 45%. We've also provided an estimated range of a dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the second quarter and for the full year. For each $1 per barrel change in wellhead crude oil and condensate price, combined with the related change in NGL price, the sensitivity is approximately $25 million for net income and $36 million for operating cash flow. EOG's price sensitivity for each $0.10 per Mcf change in wellhead natural gas prices is approximately $16 million for net income and $23 million for operating cash flow, excluding any impacts from swaptions. Now, I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss hedging and provide his concluding remarks.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now, I'll discuss our views regarding macro and hedging. Regarding crude oil, we still like both the short- and long-term supply demand fundamentals, although guessing which way short-term oil prices will move is a speculative call. We're currently 27% hedged June through December of this year at a $97 price. And for 2012, we're approximately 6% hedged at a $107 price. We continue to have a 1:3 cautionary view regarding North American natural gas prices but believe in the 2014-plus time period, natural gas markets will balance as gas power generation demand increases.  Our hedges are consistent with our macro view. We're approximately 48% hedged at a $4.90 price for June through December this year. Additionally, we sold options at a $4.73 price that if exercised, would mean we're 86% hedged through year end. For 2012, we're approximately 38% hedged at a $5.44 price, with options that if exercised, would increase to a 69% hedge level at a $5.44 price.  Now, let me summarize. In my opinion, there are 6 important points to take away from this call. First, our shift from a natural gas to a liquids company is essentially complete. At current prices, we'd expect approximately 70% of our North American revenue to emanate from crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids as opposed to 30% from natural gas. A large majority of the liquids are oil and not NGLs.  Second, all of our oil plays are onshore North America, with the vast majority in the U.S. All of this oil is sweet, good quality and highly desired by refineries. Third, our reinvestment rates of return are very strong. I think they're the best in the industry, led by the Eagle Ford. Fourth, during my visits with shareholders, I'm often asked about industry capital allocation. We recently tabulated 2010 actual and 2011 projected North American gas production for all mid and large cap public independent E&Ps. EOG is practically the only company who's not growing North American gas volumes in this oversupplied market. This is truly amazing to me. Investors who focus on the efficacy of capital allocation, this should be a positive discriminator in EOG's favor. Fifth, for the first time, we've introduced our Powder River Basin acreage position, where we've already drilled 8 consecutive successful wells. And sixth, we are on track to execute our 2011 capital expenditure program, while maintaining low net debt.  Thanks for listening. And now, we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Scott Wilmoth, Simmons & Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: Hey, guys, looking at your Eagle Ford rail facility, is that crude coming to the Gulf Coast and how did the transportation costs compare to trucking your crude?
Mark Papa: Yes, the crude-by-rail that we're moving from the Eagle Ford is either -- it's currently either going into the Belmont area or into the Louisiana area. So it is currently getting a price that is a hybrid between WTI and LLS. And compared to the trucking opportunities, where you're not going to end up at those end markets, there's a very significant difference right now. The crude takeaway continues to be a very, very large problem in the Eagle Ford and as Eagle Ford production grows, it's going to just get worse, I believe, in terms of crude takeaway. And so this rail system that we hastily put in is probably going to turn out to be a very profitable item for us, similar to what we've done in the Bakken.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. Then next on the Eagle Ford well spacing, I know at the Analyst Day, you guys were saying anywhere from 125 to 140. Can you give us an update on that? And then what percentage of your acreage have you tested on that spacing yet?
Mark Papa: I guess, overall question, Scott, what percentage of our acreage have we tested? We'd say we've tested 100% of our acreage with wells. In terms of the spacing, we're still doing some work to determine what the optimum spacing is. The range of wells we'll need to drill is, we're still somewhere between 2,100 and maybe 2,800 wells, depending on how the spacing plays out. But that's probably going to be another couple of quarters before we can definitely say the spacing is X.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Leo Mariani, RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a quick question on asset sales. Just trying to get a sense of a little bit more color on what these $387 million in asset sales were for the quarter, if there's any production associated with that? And then just any thoughts you guys might have on the $400 million in pending asset sales? What are those and what's sort of targeted here?
Mark Papa: Yes, the $380 million of asset sales that we announced basically year-to-date in the second quarter were all long-live gas-producing properties, fairly mature producing properties. The biggest portion of that was some Cotton Valley production, Cotton Valley/Travis Peak production in the East Texas area. And we also sold some production in the New Mexico area. And if you kind of take a look at what we've produced in terms of gas production -- in U.S. gas production in the first quarter, I believe, it was 1,134 million cubic feet a day, and I think our midpoint for the second quarter is 1,096. Don't hold me to that number. I don't have it in front of me. But that kind of shows an approximate amount of what we've sold that we would expect in the second quarter. As to the remaining sales for the rest of the year, it's going to be a combination of some midstream assets, some just raw acreage and some additional producing properties. Good enough?
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, that was very good color there.
Maire Baldwin: And, Leo, this is Maire. The year-to-date asset sales are $647 million, the $387 million was subsequent to the first quarter.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Right, got you. Okay. Just looking at your CapEx for the quarter, I guess, if I sort of add in kind of your total spending on some of the infrastructure as well, you guys are at about $1.72 billion. Just kind of on a run rate basis, if I were sort of to multiply that by 4, I think that gets you kind of between $6.8 billion and $6.9 billion for the year. Just curious as to whether or not you had disproportionately high infrastructure expenses in the first quarter? And any comments on cost creep that may have hit you and then kind of how you think CapEx plays out for the year?
Mark Papa: Yes, we still believe the CapEx number midrange is roughly $6.5 billion for the full year. Part of what we'll see in the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter, is the impact to some of our self-sourced sand, particularly in the Eagle Ford division on our fracs. So we'd expect the well cost to go down. So the first quarter run rate isn't -- you can't really multiply that by 4 to get there. In terms of cost creep, we're seeing cost creep clearly in the service sector. And you've heard that from frankly everybody who's done earnings call. The biggest proportion of cost creep is the frac jobs as it was last year. So it's incumbent upon us to move to a self-sourced fracs, where I think we'll have a differential advantage relative to others in the industry and we are moving that way.
Operator: Next is Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Mark, just a -- first question is, in terms of the new PRB play and also on the horizontal Niobrara Play, what are your current costs per well and where do you expect them to be when you get into development mode? And then, what's your best guess in terms of EURs per well now?
Unknown Executive: As far as the cost on the Powder River, the Turner, we started out there, it was right at $6 million per well. We're getting those now down to $5.5 million. So, yes, we would expect maybe to trim a little bit more off of those costs in a program mode. And in the Niobrara, we've got a couple of plays there within the Niobrara and more in the fracture play, our cost is around the $3.6 million per well. And then we get into the matrix play, it's in the $6 million. We would expect to be able to bring that down in the $5 million to $5.5 million range.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then the EURs per well?
Unknown Executive: Yes, on the Turner itself, it's a little too soon to tell, we've given you a pie chart I think in the IR slide that went out last night that shows that it's about 45% liquids, 55% gas. But that's for the full reserve life of the well. And obviously, we've had to do an internal model to come up with those numbers. It's a higher liquids yield in the first couple of years, as in all these retrograde condensate type plays that you will come down over time. We're modeling a variety of EURs per well, but something in the 350 to 400 Mboe per well gross is our sort of walking around number right now.
Mark Papa: Yes, and on the Niobrara, we just -- it's a bit too soon to give you an estimate on per well reserves on -- the Niobrara's clearly a more complicated play. And I'd say our degree of understanding is not yet sufficiently strong, where we feel comfortable giving either an overall reserve estimate on our captured acreage or a per well basis. That's probably going to have to wait until the end of the year.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, as you highlighted in your comments, you are implying a big ramp up of oil production in the third and fourth quarters. That can certainly make sense if there's a weather impacted well of oil offline waiting to come back when those weather issues subside. Can you try to quantify the impacts that the weather issues in the Bakken and Waskada are having on your current production in terms of what maybe shut-in or the extent of the potential that would be in backlog by the end of the quarter?
Mark Papa: Yes, a well of oil, that's a good way to characterize it there. Specifically, I'll give you a little color as to what's happened to us, particularly in the second quarter. The second quarter, we had flooding that affected us both in Waskada and in the Bakken, and this was just simply high water, where we couldn't have our pumpers access wells to physically maintain them. And then last weekend, we had in North Dakota a very severe late-season ice and high windstorm that snapped, literally, hundreds of thousands of power lines in the area of Williston, as well as our field area. And so we're pretty much without electricity. The power companies are trying to restore it, but obviously, they're giving first priority to things like the City of Williston, the hospitals, the schools, the residential. And then, we were kind of one of the later priorities to get it out into the field operations. And we don't really know how long the power outages are going to last. What's loaded into our estimate for the second quarter for oil estimate is we're assuming that we're going to get hit for the entire month of May, with some pretty significant power outages that are going to affect our North Dakota production. And I know if you just look at the ramp up that we'll need in the third and fourth quarter to get us to our full year target, it looks like a pretty steep ramp up. I don't want to give you specific quantifications but what I can tell you is that the third and fourth quarter, the ramp ups in terms of where they're going to come from, in the Bakken, you'll clearly going to have a snapback of production in the third and fourth quarter relative to what we're going to achieve in the second quarter just as we get these weather issues and downtime eliminated. And then, the biggest single driver of production growth is going to be the Eagle Ford. And we've articulated a series of wells there in Eagle Ford in our press release. But I would just say, obviously, the more wells we drill with 100% success that turn out as we predicted, the higher our degree of confidence is getting that the production target in Eagle Ford is quite achievable. And then, we also articulated in the Barnett Combo play that we're having pretty good success there. And so that's going to be a driver also. So those 3 plays, Eagle Ford first, snapback in the Williston Basin area, Bakken area and then the Combo play, that's going to be our main drivers of the production growth in the second half, but with the contributions from the Permian Basin or the Mid-Continent and from Canada. But because of pace of activities in those areas, the number of rigs we're employing is not nearly as high or the contributions there are not going to be all that great, in relative terms, compared to the first 3 plays that I mentioned. So punch line is and, I guess, let me put it this way. We had a cushion on our oil estimate for the full year, 55% year-over-year going into the second quarter. We had a little bit of fat in our estimate. And this second quarter downtime has pretty much consumed that little cushion. So we're still comfortable with our estimate. But we don't have the cushion that we once had due to these weather issues.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's helpful. That's very helpful. And then secondly, you spoke last quarter regarding proprietary completion methods in the Niobrara. This quarter, you mentioned the new completion in the Marcellus. Are any of these related? Are you doing things differently in terms of completion techniques across plays that's having a material impact on economics, and can you put that into context in terms of what that could mean both for the 2 plays and for the ability to unlock any additional plays?
Loren Leiker: Yes, Brian, what we can say about it is, yes, you're right. We're using different completion techniques specifically designed for each play. And they vary widely from area to area. In the Marcellus, we've done one thing that's made tremendous differences in our wells and we're experimenting with new techniques in the Niobrara. And we had multiple play types in the Niobrara. And so each play type has a specific completion technique that's proprietary to EOG and we can't really talk much about the details but we work really hard gathering the data, analyzing the data and continue to refine our completion techniques for each play. And so they're very specific and it's working out really good for the company.
Mark Papa: Brian, just to give a little more color on that. Obviously, there's been mixed results from the Niobrara as from various companies in the industry, whereas you heard fairly consistent results on EOG's results in the Niobrara. And then in the Wolfcamp, as I kind of read some of the earnings data that's come out here from other companies, you're getting kind of mixed results from other companies in the Wolfcamp. Whereas EOG, we're pretty well nailing it in the Wolfcamp. Every well is good and we think getting better. And I really think this goes back to EOG being first mover in these plays. I continue to believe that we are number one in technology in horizontal oil plays. That means finding them before everybody else and it means figuring out how to complete the wells and frac them most efficiently. And I just think the Wolfcamp example is just the latest in a long string of cases, where EOG wells are better than results from other companies.
Operator: Irene Haas, Wunderlich Securities has a question.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: I just kind of wanted to drill down a little bit on the Niobrara. I mean, from what I hear is that there's a sorting out process and even you mentioned there are various sub-plays, and the cost for drilling a fracture well versus matrix well is quite a bit different. So just trying to get a sense as to number one, Mark, why do you feel optimistic as there's definitely different usage of adjective from before? And how can we look at this play? Is it going to be a core area, non-core? Is it going to be sort of patchy depending on a specific geology?
Mark Papa: Well, I think it's too early to say, really, about the full extent of Niobrara. We're in the process of drilling multiple wells on -- step-out wells on our acreage. Then the Hereford Ranch, we've had very encouraging results, both in the fractured type play and in the matrix type play. And so that's what gives us the encouragement. And we see those characteristics really in much of our acreage. So we're in the process of gathering data. We have some very proprietary techniques to evaluate the particular play types and we've got some techniques that we're trying on the completion side that at least at this point in the development of the play, they're getting really positive results. So that's what gives us the encouragement as we go forward.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: And would you -- it seems like the matrix plays are more expensive than the sort of fracture play. Is that correct? And if that's the case, would you favor the more fractured zones or is it too early to tell?
Mark Papa: Well, the plays are different in that the matrix plays will have a higher resource recovery. And so you're able to drill more wells per acre, per section. But the economics really on both play types, we think, are going to be very strong. So we want to pursue, our acreage and our techniques, match all that together to maximize the reserve recovery of our acreage. So we feel positive and very encouraged about both types as we go forward.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay, great.
Operator: Biju Perincheril with Jefferies has our next question.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Going back to the Powder River Basin, can you talk about, if you have tested Niobrara there? Do you see potential for Niobrara?
Unknown Executive: Yes, Biju. We said we had 138,000 net acres in the Powder. And we're really mapping and working at 6 independent targets, 4 of those are sandstones including this Turner that we're doing most of our drilling on so far. The other 3 are in this upper Cretaceous, so-called halo plays that others have talked about, which we do think are prospective on a portion of our acreage. A couple of shale plays and one of those is in fact the Niobrara. We are intending to test the Niobrara either late this year, early next year, waiting on permits in a couple of areas. We certainly see prospect activity in the Niobrara, in that basin.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And then, the CapEx, the $1.58 billion, is that all-inclusive or just E&D excluding facilities?
Timothy Driggers: That's inclusive. They're in that number. Actually, it's not inclusive. The facilities number there was 100 -- there was an additional $160 million per facility.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I'm sorry, that $160 million is additional?
Timothy Driggers: Yes.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, and so can you talk about once you bring in the self-sourced frac-ing solution, how much you expect to save and the timing of that?
Loren Leiker: On the self-sourced frac plays, we have quite a number of the frac fleet in place now. What we're doing is sourcing our own profit and generally, we're doing that through contract. We've got one sand mine in place and we're working to bring another online. And that will be near first of year 2012.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So if I sort of take this first quarter CapEx, it looks like the run rate is a little higher than the annual budget. Are you factoring in some savings or I mean, I would imagine the second half completion pace would have to pick up to meet the production numbers.
Mark Papa: Just depends on which play. For example, in the Combo, we're really going to be running less rigs in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year. So all I can say on the CapEx is, we expect to achieve the number that we're showing in the guidance last night.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Then just one last question on the rail line in the Eagle Ford. Is 20,000 the max capacity or is there a plan to build that out further and is there a CapEx number there?
Mark Papa: Yes, what we did in this rail line in Eagle Ford, it's a -- I don't want to use the word makeshift, but it's one we put together in a 30-day period. It's realizing the criticalness of the takeaway for crude oil in the Eagle Ford. We knew we couldn't basically take an 8- or 9-month period to get the rail line, crude-by-rail constructed as we did in North Dakota. So we just took our learnings from North Dakota and said what can we get together on a temporary basis that's going to cover us? And so it's not obvious to me that we'll end up with north of 20,000 barrels a day capacity by year end. And whether we decide to permanently run that rail line or not is something we'll have to sort out. As you remember, what we're trying to do is bridge the gap between today and mid-2012. Mid-2012 is when Enterprise is supposed to have that big-inch oil pipeline going down pretty much the heart of our acreage position. So we were just -- in other words, if we were to invest the capital right now and say, let's build a real true absolutely permanent crude-by-rail facility there, it's not certain that we'd be needing it post mid-2012. So the amount of capital we spent on this rail system is pretty de minimis, less than $10 million. So it's not a big capital consuming item. And it's really -- it should be viewed at least right now as an alternative to the trucking that gets us to a higher priced end user market, refinery market, if you will.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: And hearing no response, we'll take our next question, Eric Hagen, Lazard Capital Markets.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Joe, got my questions. Sorry, I didn't get off the queue.
Operator: Next, we have John Herrlin, Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: I got a couple of unrelated ones. Mark, in terms of your total well count right now or rig count rather, how much is horizontal in total that you're going to spud this year versus vertical?
Loren Leiker: We got currently 72 rigs since we've mentioned the last quarter. We'll be running probably at the average, 75 to 78 rigs. And of that, I would say 80% of that is going to be horizontal.
Unknown Executive: I might even say, 85% or 90%. It's pretty rare when we drill a vertical well, John.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. That what I thought. I was just confirming. What about lateral lengths? Are you going longer or your frac stage is increasing? Have you changed your well designs?
Loren Leiker: We are going with longer laterals. For instance, in the Bakken, probably 75% or 80% of those wells are going to be the 1,280s or 10,000 foot laterals. We've drilled as long as 14,000-foot laterals there. And that's just kind of in the trend in most of our areas. And yes, when you go with the longer laterals, you have larger completions, additional stages and additional profit requirement.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Are your drilling time efficiencies offsetting some of the completion costs?
Loren Leiker: Yes, that's how we are in addition to us doing the self sourcing. And also us sourcing our own profit, et cetera, for our stimulation jobs. But for instance in the Haynesville, we reduced our days by about 20% and we've also continued to alter our stimulations there. So we've reduced our well costs there from the start of the year by somewhere between 15% and 18%.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Last one for me, you had some of your competitors talk about being more integrated. You just mentioned that you're mining your own sand as proppant. Does that work for you or it just as a business model doesn't make sense to you to be more integrated on the services side?
Mark Papa: John, we're certainly not going to integrate ourselves to the tune of buying drilling rigs. That's not at all what we're considering. On the frac side, what we've been doing in the Barnett, both in the Barnett gas and the Combo areas for the last 3 or 4 years is we've been using our own mined sand and using what the third-party contract pumping companies, not necessarily the majors, and going that route as opposed to building our own frac pumps and manning our own frac pumps. So we have a business model that seems to work for us. It's worked in the Barnett for the past 4 years. And that's what we're really looking at doing most everywhere is not having the frac pumps owned by EOG but having a third party operate those, kind of contracting them, kind of like we contract drilling rigs. And have us provide the proppant to those particular pumps.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Well, I remember when you help start some of the companies, you talked about that a few years back. I was just wondering if you're going to increase the scale just given how you're operating?
Mark Papa: Yes. Well, the scale in terms of the fracs, I mean -- the frac generally is roughly 50% of any of these resource play total well costs, 50%. And that's the piece we're really attacking to say we have to get control of our frac costs and not be dependent on other traditional service companies, if we're going to be the cost leader in this resource play business. And I think we're quite a bit ahead of most everybody else on where we're moving on that piece of the business.
Operator: Next is Joe Magner with Macquarie.
Joseph Magner - Macquarie Research: With the successful test of the northeastern fault block in the Eagle Ford, can you just remind us how that's captured in your 900 million barrel resource estimate?
Mark Papa: Yes, Joe. As I kind of stated in my editorial comment there, I don't believe the 900 million barrels is even remotely captured in our current stock price. And so, if we were to say, wow, we have a new fault block and it increased our barrels from 900 to x, I'll consider doing that if and when I see the 900 million barrels that we already have reflected in the stock price. So don't look for us to make any adjustments to the 900 million barrels based on one well, one fault block or anything like that. But obviously, it's an area that we hadn't given any credit to and we found it on the 3D seismic and drilled it. And right now, this Eagle Ford's turning out to be one of those things that you almost have to pinch yourself and say this is too good to be true. 100% success rate across 120 miles is just phenomenal. So that's a good nonanswer to your question but that's the explanation I'll give you, Joe.
Joseph Magner - Macquarie Research: All right, I'll that for now. And then just over on the Niobrara, I wonder if you'd be willing to comment. There have been some challenges discussed by industry participants between completing wells in the fracs area and the matrix area. Just wondering if you'd be willing to comment on any progress you've made overcoming some of those challenges or coming up with solutions to address those?
Unknown Executive: I think we're just not quite sure of how much the 2 completion techniques are integrated and how they're competing. So we're just really gathering data on all of that. We're doing micro seismic and other techniques to determine and figure out how those plays work. So I'd say, we're just really too early to say much about that.
Mark Papa: Joe, I mean, one thing we will offer up there is that there seem to be a couple of different play types, fracture versus matrix and it's really leading us to 2 distinctly different completion types depending on where we are in the Niobrara. So that's what made it a little bit harder and slower for us to really kind of get a handle on what kind of an oilfield we've really have captured here because it's -- we kind of have night and day completion techniques depending on which particular type of rock we're attacking with that particular well.
Joseph Magner - Macquarie Research: And are you able to understand the type of rock you're going to be completing based on seismic or some sort of mapping? How do you determine going in which completion technique you're going to be able to use on that oil?
Mark Papa: Yes. I would just say right now, we think we have a proprietary edge on our understanding of the Niobrara, and we really don't want to give any more of it away on this call.
Joseph Magner - Macquarie Research: Okay, fair enough.
Operator: Hearing no response, we'll move to David Tameron, Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: A couple of questions. If I just look at the acreage positions, it looks like you sold down your Niobrara, you're at, I guess, 220 net now. Is that the right number? Then similar in the -- you sold-out 70,000 or so in the Eagle Ford, is that accurate?
Mark Papa: No. In the Eagle Ford, that's not accurate. When we talk about the 520,000, that's how much is in the oil window. And then we've got roughly another 70,000 that's in either the wet gas or the dry gas window. So there's been no change in our aggregate Eagle Ford acreage position. In the Niobrara, yes, we have sold a bit of acreage there and that's really didn't want to but this is part of what we need to do to raise the $1 billion in property sales for this year.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, fair enough. And then, if you think about the Wolfcamp, can you talk about, from our perspective, modeling, et cetera, what decline rates should we be thinking about? I know it's early, but what have you seen from these wells? Can you just give us some color there?
Loren Leiker: Yes, what we have so far in Wolfcamp were 6 wells with completions and 5 of those we have online long enough that we can do good 30-day averages with some confidence. And out of those 5, we actually talked about 4 of them on the IR slide, I believe, they averaged about 350 barrels of oil per day. One that didn't make the slide was an earlier shorter lateral that averaged about 190 barrels of oil per day in its first 30 days. Decline rates are kind of similar to what we're seeing in a lot of these oil plays. They're fairly steep in the first few months and then they tend to flatten out. We've given you in the past, I think, 270 Mboe or 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent, net after royalty per well is the number that we're working with right now. I'd say that based on these first 4 wells, we're pretty confident we can hit at least that. And in fact, they're a little bit above the curve at present. And we've also given you a breakdown that shows about 55% oil and 23% NGLs for a total of 78% liquids over the life of that and only 22% gas. So I would say in terms of decline curves, they're not dissimilar to our other oil plays.
Mark Papa: David, I'll give a little more color in addition to what Loren said on the Wolfcamp. We're particularly enthused about the Wolfcamp. Our 120,000 acres and if you look back, I believe, it was a previous quarter's IR presentation. We quoted at kind of a direct IRR on that after-tax of roughly 25%, I believe. And if you just look at the numbers, you'd say, well, Wolfcamp is lower return play than the rest of our oil plays. What that 25% kind of represents is kind of stage one of optimization on the Wolfcamp. We think that we can easily beat down the cost on the Wolfcamp play, particularly with self-sourced sand in that particular play. And probably, get higher reserves. So, I guess, what we'd say, is we're in the first half inning of the Wolfcamp. If we're in the first inning of the Eagle Ford game, we're in the first half inning on the Wolfcamp and the data we see today tells us that we can turn this into a rate of return play that's probably similar to the Bakken or the Combo once we get into some kind of optimization mode on it. But for the rest of this year, what we're going to be doing in the Wolfcamp is exploring on -- so that we've got at least one well down and pretty much all the portions of our 120,000 acres. Right now, we're only kind of concentrating on, I believe, it's 47,000 of those acres. And so, we're going to be working on that and then working on what can we do with both well costs, length of laterals, optimization, the fracs. For example, the well I mentioned on the earnings call, the last well I mentioned there, we tried a completely different frac style than we've done in the first several fracs. And it looks we have a better result based on early, early times. So I would say we rank Wolfcamp pretty high on our priority list. But it's really, as far as a contributor to EOG volume growth and really getting into a drilling mode, that's going to be a 2012 event for us.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: All right. A lot of good color. I appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes Ray Deacon from Pritchard Capital Partners.
Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: All my questions have already been answered.
Operator: And next is David Wheeler, AllianceBernstein.
David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein: On the return to the Eagle Ford, you mentioned the returns are 95% to 140% at the strip but at a $6 million well cost. If well costs come down to $5 million, what does that do to the returns.
Mark Papa: They're almost sinful to repeat. They are consistently north of 100% is what we can say. It makes a big difference to knock it from $6 million to $5 million. So that's why I'm so excited about the play, David, is we're looking at a play that at least on a direct basis is going to yield us north of 100% rate of return for $10 billion to $15 billion of investment. And if you think across every other single E&P company in the world, I can't think of one who's got this sort of investment opportunity, particularly in a, let's say, a relatively benign climate like Texas and the United States as opposed to some foreign country. And I really think that it's just -- people just haven't realized exactly what EOG has captured here. And again, I'm sorry, I'm blowing off on the editorial comment. But you led me into it there, when you said what happens when the well cost gets knocked down $1 million a well.
David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein: Sounds like it could be its own company there. You're self-sourcing and you mentioned the Wolfcamp. How much could well costs come down in your other plays, self-sourcing frac and you've talked a lot about how you're going to do it in the Eagle Ford. How many different plays can you self-source and how much could costs come down in those plays?
Loren Leiker: We're looking at all of our large resource plays where we've got pattern drilling in completion. Right now, we've got about 50% of our frac fleets that are self-sourced, they're dedicated or day work sort of fleet. And we'd probably rather not say right now. We're still putting our interim sand in place and then we've got the large mine that will be coming on late this year, first of the year. But it makes a significant impression on our cost. And when Mark mentions going from $6 million to $5 million, a big part of that is associated with the dedicated fleets in our own process.
Mark Papa: I think the same range of numbers, roughly $1 million reduction is what we're envisioning for the Wolfcamp, for example. And right now, our priorities for the self-sourced sands are, first, the Eagle Ford level. First of all, all of our Barnett stuff is currently self-sourced. But then in terms of new fields, Eagle Ford is first priority, Wolfcamp is probably second priority and Marcellus probably third priority, as we would see it today. And these will get noted in beginning late this year and then hopefully, by mid-2012, we've got them all 3 of those areas working with the self-sourcing.
David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein: That's great. And can you remind us, it sounded like you didn't want to compare the trucking costs out of Eagle Ford versus of the new rail costs. But as we go from trucking/rail to ultimately pipeline, what's the approximate improvement in the costs per barrel?
Mark Papa: Well, on the first part of that, we'll give you a general number. The rail versus the trucking current conditions will probably, in the Eagle Ford, we're probably gaining $4 to $5 a barrel versus trucking on there.
David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein: And that's cost and realizations combined?
Mark Papa: Yes, that's costs and realizations combined because we're not getting full LLS price right now. We're having to share of that with some terminal operators, with the terminus of the line over there. Ultimately, the pipeline cost is going to be, I guess, a very pleasant relative to either the current rail or certainly the current trucking costs. And right now, the pipeline terminus is basically the Houston area. So we'll be getting in to the Houston ship channel, which oil prices today delivered at Houston ship channel are about midway between LLS and WTI on there. So at this juncture, the rail is, it's not obvious, the rail is going to be the long-term answer once that pipeline gets in. It looks like the pipeline will be the cheapest, David.
David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein: Okay, that's great.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to our host for any closing or additional remarks.
Mark Papa: I have no further closing remarks. Thank you very much and we'll talk again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you very much. And that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Morrison - Global Hunter Securities, LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc. H. Monroe Helm III Scott Wilmoth - Simmons Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call.  This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com.  Effective January 1, 2010, the SEC now permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Wolfcamp, Marcellus and British Columbia Horn River Basin, may include estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary notes to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations; Bill Thomas, Senior EVP, Exploitation; Tim Driggers Vice President and CFO; Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations; and Jill Miller, Manager, Engineering and Reserves.  An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night and we included first quarter and full year 2011 guidance in yesterday's press release. I'll discuss our business plans for 2011 in a minute when I review operations. I'll now review our fourth quarter and full year net income and discretionary cash flow, and then I'll review our year-end reserves and finding costs. I'll follow with recent operational highlights. Tim Driggers will then provide some financial details, and I'll have some concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the fourth quarter EOG reported net income of $53.7 million or $0.21 per share and $160.7 million or $0.63 per share for the full year 2010. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate marked-to-market impacts and certain one-time adjustments as outlined in the press release, EOG's fourth quarter adjusted net income was $92 million or $0.36 per share and $296.4 million or $1.16 per share for the full year.  For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the fourth quarter was $827 million and $3 billion for the full year. Because we expect almost 70% of our 2011 and 73% of our 2012 North American wellhead revenues to emanate from liquids with current prices, we have shifted our reporting from natural gas unit measurements to crude oil unit measurements using the 6:1 conversion ratio. I'll now address 2010 reserve replacement and finding costs. For the total company, we replaced 207% of our production at a $15.05 per BOE all-in costs net of reserve revisions. In the U.S., we replaced 339% of reserves at a $12.96 per BOE all-in costs net of revisions. For drilling alone in the U.S., our finding cost was $12.35 per BOE.  Total company proved reserves increased 8.5% to 1,950 million barrels of oil equivalent. Excluding the impact of producing asset sales, total company net proved developed reserves increased 9.6% overall and 12.6% in North America. Overall, 62% of the reserve adds were liquids. These are strong numbers, particularly given the rate of increase on the liquids side reflective of our 2010 drilling budget. Overall, our natural gas reserves decreased due to producing property sales, a well that watered out in Trinidad and revisions in the Mid Continent area to reflect PUD reserves that are no longer part of our five-year drilling program. For the 23rd consecutive year, DeGolyer and MacNaughton has done an engineering analysis of our reserves, and the overall number was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covers 77% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedule of accompanying earnings release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding costs. I'll now address our 2011 business plan, and then provide updates on several key plays. In 2010, we slightly overachieved regarding our revised production growth goal ending the year with 9.5% year-over-year overall growth compared to our 9% target articulated in November.  Our 2011 growth projection of 9.5% on an MMboe per day basis is identical to the goal that we presented in November. I'll also point out that this growth reflects all anticipated assets sales for 2011. Most importantly, the year-over-year liquids growth projection remains at 49%, although the mix between oil and NGL is slightly more oil dominated than presented in November. We expect 55% oil growth and 34% NGL growth in 2011.  Our North American natural gas production is expected to decrease by 5% reflecting property sales and only a limited amount of dry gas drilling. I'll note that our 2011 overall production growth will be lumpy depending on the timing of property sales and resource playbacks fracs, which bring a number of wells to sales at once and also including some February cold snap downtime.  I'd also like to interject a comment here regarding using production growth as a measurement parameter. At the current 22:1 crude oil natural gas price ratio, I believe that production growth yardstick had become somewhat meaningless. In today's world, the metrics of liquids production growth and product mix change will be the focus since cash flow, returns and earnings will follow liquids growth and that's how we defined EOG strategy over the past few years. I'll discuss multiple new operational developments in several of our key plays, and I'll start with our oil plays. The Eagle Ford will be the biggest component of EOG's 2011 year-over-year oil growth, and we have positive results across our acreage, maintaining our 100% success rate. In our previously defined 120-mile oil area, we continue to achieve very consistent results. A sample of recent IPs from wells on the eastern half of our acreage are the Dullnig #3H and #4H and Hansen Kullin #2H and #4H, which IP-ed at 1,243, 1,244, 1,627 and 1,708 barrels of oil per day respectively with varying rates of rich natural gas in addition.  On the western side, the Naylor Jones 86 #1H IP-ed at 1,220 barrels of oil per day and 877 MCF per day of rich natural gas. We have 100% working interest in all of these wells.  Our total reserve estimates haven't changed from what we disclosed in November. Our current well cost in both areas of the Eagle Ford are roughly $6 million, and we expect to reduce these by $1 million by 2012 with total frac optimizations. At the current $6 million well costs, we were achieving 65% to 110% direct after-tax reinvestment rates return. We drilled 96 net Eagle Ford wells in 2010 and plan to drill approximately 250 net wells in 2011.  Also, you may have noted from previous presentations that in addition to our oil acreage, we have 26,000 net acres in the rich gas window in Webb County to the southwest of our oil position. Our first successful horizontal Eagle Ford well on this acreage, the Tully C. Garner #100 H has tested at a pipeline restraining rate of 2.8 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas with 239 barrels of condensate per day, proving up this acreage. Therefore, we've extended the proven plays and now included our Webb gas acreage.  We now have another quarterly drilling under our belt. We've confirmed that our 26,000 rich gas net acres are also good, and we've continued to see consistent results within the oil fairway, and all that is excellent news. We also increased our sweet spot oil acreage from 505,000 to 520,000 net acreage. However, to be objective, I also need to mention two logistical pinch points in the Eagle Ford. On our last call, I mentioned the tightness and availability of Eagle Ford frac equipment. This continues to be a problem, although in EOG's case, we've been able to alleviate almost all bottlenecks relating to completions in frac equipment except proppants availability.  The second pinch point is crude oil trucking. You may recall we signed up with Enterprise to have a new 350,000 barrels of oil per day oil pipeline built to our Eagle Ford acreage. However, the pipeline won't be in service until mid-2012. So essentially, all Eagle Ford oil, whether EOG or others, will have to move by truck throughout 2011, causing a crunch for crude truck availability. We have a plan to deal with both issues, but it will be a tight situation throughout this year.  I'll next discuss two oil plays where EOG was once again the first mover, the Wolfcamp and Niobrara. We drilled our first Wolfcamp horizontal well in early 2009, and after building up our acreage, we've now drilled eight horizontal wells and have completed four. Our second well was a short length lateral that proved the play concept, and the next two wells were longer length lateral wells. Of the two longer laterals, the University 40-1402 H had an initial 30 day average rate of 390 barrels of oil per day and 600 MCF of gas per day. The University 43-1000 H has averaged 560 barrels of oil per day with 250 MCF of gas per day in the first 12 days of production.  Our Wolfcamp product breakdown is approximately 55% oil, 23% NGLs and 22% residue gas. We have approximately 120,000 net acres in the play and we'll need additional drilling to test all portions of our acreage. But our initial reserve assessment from only one of the potential Wolfcamp target zones is at least 40 million barrels of oil equivalent, net after royalty, with possible upside from successful drilling.  This is typical of the EOG strategy. We were the first mover and kept it low profile until we've proven the play and established a good acreage position. The typical well cost here is $6.5 million and net after royalty reserves of 270,000 barrels of oil equivalent per well, yielding about a 25% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return. We expect we can improve this ROR when we move into a program drilling mode. In the Niobrara, recent completion results has increased our comfort factor regarding the play. As you know, this play has received a ton of press lately, and EOG, although first mover in the oil play, has been reticent to contribute to the hype, because the Niobrara was more highly fractured than other shales, and we had questions about longer-term productivity.  Relative to the industry, we drilled more wells than any other operator in the oil play, and we have the most data of any operator. We have recently found a way to convert the play from one dependent on fractures to more of a matrix-dominated play. This increases our confidence that the Niobrara can be developed as a true resource play.  So far we've tested 80,000 of our 300,000 likely perspective net acreage and have drilled wells such as the Critter Creek 13-17H and Elsie 7-34H, which recently tested at 731 and 820 barrels of oil per day, respectively.  During 2011, we plan to drill 40 wells, and we'll evaluate the remainder of our 300,000 acres. It's still too early to provide a total reserve estimate, but I can say that we're more optimistic about the play side than we were six months ago. I'll also note that we expect both the Wolfcamp and Niobrara plays to be only minor contributors to our 2011 liquids growth because with our current infrastructure in the Niobrara and our Wolfcamp 2011 development will be at a modest pace with the three-rig program.  I'll now address our Bakken results. Some people seem to take EOG's Bakken position for granted and perhaps it's been overshadowed by some of our newer oil plays. However, I'll remind everyone that EOG is the biggest oil producer in North Dakota, which means we're also the biggest Bakken/Three Forks producer. We have one of the largest acreage positions in the play with 600,000 net acreage. The Bakken is our single largest oil production contributor, and we will remain so until the Eagle Ford passes it in 2012 or 2013. Our recent drilling efforts have been to test areas outside the core, and we've had very good results. Typical results on our Round Prairie 10-1819H well near the Montana's South Dakota Stateline, which tested at 1,458 barrels of oil per day and 600 MCF of gas per day and the Bear Den 7-17H west of our core field, which IP-ed at 1,882 barrels of oil per day. We have 85% and 90% working interest, respectively, in these wells. Our typical non-core well yields at 35% to 45% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return, and we plan to run 10 rigs in the Bakken/Three Forks in 2011.  In our Barnett Combo play, Strickland drilling has again extended our core area from 160,000 to 175,000 net acres. The results have been consistent and because of drilling efficiency improvements, we've reduced our typical completed well costs to $3.0 million. Given the reserves we're achieving, our direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return is 50% to 60%. Typical well results on the Weston A #1H and #3H and the Bahamas C Unit #3H, D Unit #4H and E Unit #5H were tested at oil rates of 635, 626, 376, 523 and 557 barrels of oil per day respectively with varying amounts of rich gas. We have 100% working interest in all of these wells. Because of our dominant acreage position, we have essentially no competition in this play. We drilled 231 net wells in 2010 and plan to drill about the same number in 2011. This play will be our second largest liquids growth contributor in 2011. I'll also briefly mentioned our Permian Basin Leonard Shale play, where we've had only limited drilling activity because we were not faced with short-term lease expirations. The Endurance 36 #1H has a 30-day average part of 400 barrels of oil per day and 500,000 million cubic feet of gas a day. The Lomas Rojas #5H has a 30 average of 463 barrels of oil per day with 1.2 million cubic feet a day of rich gas. We have 100% working interest in both of these wells. Also, our Manitoba oil program continues to yield 90% after-tax reinvestment rates of return. We drilled 90 wells last year and plan to drill 86 wells this year.  Before we switch to the natural gas side of the ledger, I want to talk about reinvestment rates of return. The entire reason EOG has shifted from a gas to a liquids focus is based on our macro view. We can achieve much higher reinvestment rates of return with oil.  Now that we're a few years into this strategy shift, what can we conclude? First, oil RORs are clearly, much better than gas, which is obvious. Second, there's a differentiation between oil plays. A lot of our oil plays, the Bakken Lite, Niobrara, Barnett Combo, Wolfcamp and Leonard will yield a 30% to 60% direct ATROR. Each of these have different reserves and costs, but somewhat surprisingly, the RORs bunched together pretty closely.  Two other plays, the Bakken Core and the Eagle Ford will yield direct RORs between 65% and 110%. EOG is fortunate to have the dominant position in both of these ultra high return plays particularly the Eagle Ford. Because of its size, the Eagle Ford gives us an opportunity to invest a large amount of capital at very high direct reinvestment rates of return. Now let me switch to the natural gas side of the ledger. As you know, our CapEx split in 2011 is 80% to liquids plays and 20% to dry gas. The only dry gas drilling we're doing is where it's required to hold acreage.  In 2011, we'll drill zero dry gas wells in the Barnett, the Permian Basin, the entire Rockies and in Canada Conventional. Our gas drilling will be primarily focused in the Haynesville, Marcellus and a little in the Horn River. I'll briefly discuss the three plays where we're committing 2011 capital.  In the Marcellus, we've had an interesting and positive turn of events. As you know in December, we mutually agreed to walk away from the sale of our 50,000 undeveloped net acres in Bradford County. We had drilled few wells there a few years ago using our old completion techniques and we got decent but not spectacular wells. After our sale fell through, we completed our first Bradford County well using our new high-rate frac completion techniques. The 96% working interest Hoppaugh #3H well has IP-ed at 14 million cubic feet a day with 1,200 psi flowing tubing pressure. This result is typical of results from offset operators, but we now think that the improved completion techniques has significantly upgraded this acreage. We plan on completing seven additional wells in Bradford County by midyear. If we can replicate these results, then we'll likely keep this acreage and not remarket it, since we estimate 1 trillion cubic feet of recoverable gas here. We're also seeing similar unproved and proved results from high-rate completions in Clearfield County on our joint EOG/NFG acreage. In the last seven pump C [ph] wells we've completed here have averaged 8.1 million cubic feet per day with high drilling tubing pressures. We have 50% working interest in these wells.  As more data becomes available, our perception of the Marcellus has improved. Data to date had indicated two sweet spots, one in the Southwest near Pittsburgh and one in North Central Pennsylvania in the Bradford County area near the Pennsylvania-New York Stateline. It was thought that the area between these sweet spots was of lesser quality, but our Clearfield County results indicate at least a portion of the intervening acreage is excellent, and we're very pleased with our total 210,000 net acres. In the Haynesville, we plan to run eight rigs this year compared to 11 last year. The activity level is the minimum required to hold all of our sweet spot acreage. Based on our analysis, the Haynesville can be divided into two regimes, the sweet and non-sweet spots.  Outside of the sweet spot, the chances of making an economic return are low. In the sweet spot, at today's gas prices, with average EURs of eight to 12 BCF per well, one can make an economic return. Fortunately, compared to others, EOG has a very high percentage of leases in the sweet spot versus total Haynesville leasehold. In fact, we believe we're the third biggest holder of sweet spot acreage, a fact that most people don't think of when they consider our Haynesville position.  Our recent well results are typical of what we reported in previous quarters. Hassell #1 and Oglesby #1 in Nacogdoches and San Augustine Counties, Texas had IPs of 24.7 million and 22.1 million cubic feet a day respectively from the Haynesville. The Lafitte #1 in Sabine Parish, Louisiana had an IP of 21 million cubic feet a day from the Bossier. Our working interest in these wells range from 72% to 96%. I'll also note that like several other companies, we've concluded that producing Haynesville wells at a restricted rate for the first several months is likely helpful to long term production and we have implemented that process. In the British Columbia Horn River Basin, we've completed several wells from our early 2010 drilling program and obtained results consistent with past years. Meanwhile, the 100% working interest built E 55D [ph], tested with the peak rate of 22 million cubic feet per day and slow to the rate in excess of 18 million cubic feet a day for 15 days and appears to be the best well we drilled to date with estimated reserves of 17 BCF.  In conjunction with Apache, we've made good progress on the Kitimat LNG Export Facility project. We finalized an agreement with the Haisla First Nation regarding the sites for the LNG plant. We bought out the original owners of the Kitimat project, and with our partner, we've entered into an agreement to purchase full ownership of the proposed gas pipeline that will connect the existing pipeline network to Kitimat. We've also began discussions with potential customers on the off state contracts and our next step is to secure oil indexed LNG contracts. In my opinion, if any LNG export plants are built in North America, Kitimat is the most likely to happen. In my mind, our Horn River development is an oil project because we expect the gas to be sold at an oil index price. Now I'll address our 2011 business plan. We expect our 2011 total CapEx to be between $6.4 billion and $6.6 billion, of which $1.1 billion will be devoted to facilities and midstream infrastructure. As previously noted, 80% of the CapEx will be focused on oil or liquids-rich plays and 20% is dedicated to holding natural gas acreage in the Haynesville, Marcellus and Horn River.  We intend to sell approximately $1 billion of assets in 2011. We are currently negotiating agreements to sell $550 million of acreage and natural gas assets that we expect to close in the first half of this year. We expect about $350 million of midstream sales and the remaining $100 million will come from the combination of acreage and gas-producing property sales. As noted on the last call, our maximum net debt-to-cap tolerance level is 35% for year-end 2011, 2012 and later. Our game plan here is to hold on to 100% of our oil resource plays and also 100% of our top-tier Marcellus, Haynesville, Barnett and Rockies gas assets.  I've had a few investor questions recently about monetizing a portion of our 520,000 Eagle Ford oil position since it's now a hot commodity. My answer is that we can achieve 65% to 110% direct after tax rates of return by developing this acreage, but why would we want to water down a multibillion-dollar reinvestment opportunity given these kinds of returns. EOG seems to be almost the only independent ENP that isn't selling down its core resource play assets, and we think that's a positive discriminator. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structures.
Timothy Driggers: Capitalized interest for the quarter was $19.5 million and for the year was $76.3 million. For the fourth quarter of 2010, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $1.49 billion, excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment expenditures were $148 million.  Total acquisitions for both the quarter and full year were $210 million, all of which represent the cost to acquire the rights to Kitimat LNG. For the full year 2010, total exploration and development expenditures were $5.37 billion, excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, total gathering, processing plants and other property plant and equipment expenditures were $371 million. For 2010, approximately 19% of the drilling program CapEx was exploration and 81% was development. Approximately 70% was directed toward oil and liquids-rich drilling programs with 30% to natural gas. We had proceeds from asset sales of $673 million in 2010.  At year-end 2010, total debt outstanding was $5.2 billion and the debt-to-total-cap ratio was 34%. At December 31, we had $789 million of cash, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $4.4 billion or net debt-to-total-cap ratio of 30%.  On a GAAP reporting basis, the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 62% and the deferred tax ratio was 27%. Similarly, on a GAAP basis, the effective tax rate for the year was 61% and the deferred tax ratio was 31%.  We have also announced another increase to the dividend on the common stock. This is the 12th increase in 12 years. Effective with the next dividend, our annual indicated rate is $0.64 per share.  On the natural gas side, from March 1 through December 31, 2011, EOG has 425,000 MMBtu per day of financial price swaps in place at an average price of $5.09 per MMBtu, excluding unexercised swaptions. This is roughly 1/3 of our expected 2011 North American gas production. For the full year 2012, EOG had 250,000 MMBtu per day of financial price swaps with an average price of $5.56 per MMBtu, excluding unexercised swaptions. And this is roughly 20% of our expected 2012 North American gas production. On the crude side, from February through December 2011, EOG has 18,000 barrels of oil per day, financial price swaps in place at a weighted average price of $90.69 per barrel. For the full year 2012, we have financial price swaps for 2,000 barrels of oil per day at $100.50 per barrel.  Yesterday, we included the guidance table with the earnings press release for the fourth quarter and full year 2011. For the first quarter, the effective tax range is 35% to 50%. For the full year 2011, the effective tax rate range is 35% to 45%. We've also provided an estimated range of the dollar amounts of current taxes that we expect to record during the first quarter and the full year.  For each $1 per barrel change in wellhead crude oil and condensate price combined with the royalty change in NGL price, the sensitivity is approximately $26 million for net income and $39 million for operating cash flow. EOG's price sensitivities reached $0.10 per MCF change, and wellhead natural gas prices is approximately $19 million for net income and $28 million for operating cash flow. Now I'll turn it back to Mark for his concluding remarks.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are six important points to take away from this call.  First, our shift from a natural gas to a liquids company is proceeding very well. At current prices, we expect almost 70% of our North American 2011 wellhead revenue to emanate from liquids as opposed to gas, with over half of that coming from crude oil. This ratio increases to 73% in 2012. Most importantly, our Eagle Ford results are matching expectations.  Second, all of our oil plays are in North America, with the vast majority in the U.S. Third, with the Wolfcamp and Niobrara, EOG has increased our oil inventory again on a first-mover basis. Our oil inventory is now so deep that we won't begin intensive development of the Wolfcamp, Leonard and Niobrara until the 2013 timeframe. This suggests that our strong liquids production growth will be sustained for many years.  Fourth, given our high ROR domestic oil inventory, combined with the fact that 80% of our CapEx is directed towards liquids, we expect to achieve above average reinvestment rates of return on our capital program in 2011 and later years. This will ultimately show up as above average ROE's and ROCEs versus the industry.  Fifth, we have a coherent plan to fund our capital program. And sixth, our Marcellus gas acreage currently appears to be more prolific than we had previously presented to the investment community. Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go to our first question from Scott Wilmoth with Simmons & Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: Just looking at your 2011 rate of liquids growth, it looks like up 49%, down a little bit from what you guys had previously said in November of 53%. Is that a function of maybe the oil pinch points you mentioned in the trucking in the Eagle Ford? Or is there an asset where you're getting maybe less liquids content than you initially thought?
Mark Papa: Scott, your question is not quite correct. In November, we said 49% liquids growth and that's currently what we're saying. So there's no reduction in our liquids growth. In fact, for 2011, the mix has improved between NGLs and the crude oil, where now the crude oil was a slightly higher portion of the total liquids growth.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: I must have been misreading the November press release. Jumping to the Eagle Ford completion equipment, you mentioned that, that used to be a pinch point, but now you guys have secured your frac equipment you needed. What have you guys done to secure that equipment? And have you done anything to secure for your 2012 program?
Mark Papa: What I'll say is we've got some proprietary activities going on relating to fracs. And nationwide, right now, I'd say that there's the fracs or pinch point for everybody in the industry. The work we've done in the Eagle Ford has removed the pinch point away from the pumping equipment back to getting proppant, primarily sand on there. So right now, industry-wide, we've got a shortage of sand. We've got a shortage of pumping equipment. And we got one of those two issues fixed for the Eagle Ford, but we really don't want to go into any details right now other than we will say, the same as we articulated on earlier calls, that we are moving in the direction of self-sourcing a higher percentage of our fracs in the company as we get particularly toward 2012.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Mark, just on the asset sales, appreciate your remarks earlier especially with the Marcellus. But I just want to make sure I understand. What properties are you guys now planning to sell for 2011? And then what are the expected timing from a quarterly basis?
Mark Papa: It kind of goes through. I mean, the biggest property we've sold in 2010 was a portion of our shallow gas acreage, producing acreage in Canada. And we're not looking at selling additional shallow gas production in Canada in 2011. The sales that we're looking at for 2011 are primarily from long, live natural gas assets in the U.S., and then some acreage positions that we have that are currently kind of hot commodities. And then on the midstream side, it's just some various midstream things, some of the midstream items pertaining to our North Dakota facilities out there. As far as on a quarter-to-quarter basis, I can't give you specifics other than what we laid out on the call that we expect in the first half of the year to have about $560 million worth of sales accomplished.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: On the Niobrara comments around matrix permeability in the Hereford Ranch area, what permeability range are you seeing there? And just given the data the you've seen so far, do you expect the Niobrara to really have a core in the Niobrara Lite region?
Timothy Driggers: What we can say about this is as Mark noted earlier that the early wells in the Niobrara are generally dominated by high permeability open fracture system. And this typically leads to very wide spacing patterns and low in place oil recoveries. So what we're doing, we're developing the completion concept, and this allows us to connect more the oil and the matrix philosophy as opposed to only the oil and the fractures. So the results are encouraging, but they're early. And if we're successful in changing this, connecting more oil in the matrix, we may be able to drill wells on certainly much tighter spacing than we thought before and certainly increase the recovery factor of the oil in play. So it's going to take some time to determine this, and the ultimate impact on the play will just reveal itself over time.
Operator: And moving on, we'll take our next question from Leo Mariani with RBC Capital.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: You're obviously more excited about the Marcellus based on some of your recent drilling results. Can you give us a sense of your well costs up at the Marcellus and the EURs and results?
Mark Papa: In Bradford County, the typical well cost is about $5 million. The EURs, we're looking in the range of probably about minimum of close to four Bcfs. We just need to watch production from some of these wells. But if we can replicate the Bradford County results, as far as dry gas drilling, they're going to be reasonably economic dry gas wells to drill. So we really may have a situation here where we've got a series of wells that have been IP-ed at 14 million, 15 million a day in the Marcellus and Bradford County area. And then the stuff in Clearfield County kind of similar well costs, reserves might be a little bit less, maybe 3.25 Bcf, 3.5 Bcf on those. And those are a bit surprising because, as I said, it might incur that there's a trend of good gas productivity all the way from the New York Stateline down to Pittsburgh. So we just have to do some additional drilling to see if that really pans out in that manner. But there's no doubt that we're more sanguine regarding the Marcellus than we had been previously.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess, just touching base on the Eagle Ford here. I mean, it looks like in your latest update, you did have some improving IPs in the wells you guys have reported. You didn't talk about it for a better consistency across your position, but given the improving IPs, do you guys see potential upside in EURs during the course of the year as you refine your completion technique more?
Mark Papa: I'd say if you model in the company, you're assessing the company's NAV. We'd still recommend you use your $900 million that we articulated last April. And we just have to -- as we get more data, we may come up with some different reserve estimates on there. But right now, I'd say the data that we've accumulated over the last three months just supports our $900 million Mboe net reserve estimate. The surprising thing to me about the Eagle Ford is just the remarkable consistency over such a long geographic area. So the next step, I think, for our Eagle Ford is really driving our costs down. We've got them pretty well tamed to the $6 million range now, and they're obviously generating, I'd say, stupendous reinvestment rates of return. I would say, in North America, whether oil or gas, I'm not sure there's any other large play that's generating any higher reinvestment rates of return than our Eagle Ford oil. And obviously, if we can knock that price down for 2012, and the well costs from $6 to $5 million with improved frac methodology, then we're going to have much, much even stronger reinvestment rates of return. And that's what this company is all about.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Bryan Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Going back to the Niobrara, can you speak more specifically to what you did differently in terms of the completion that gave you more confidence in matrix flow? And how, if at all, those changes may be applicable to other emerging liquids plays in your portfolio there where you're facing similar questions over natural fractures versus matrix?
Mark Papa: Brian, again, for proprietary reasons, we really don't want to give a lot away relating to the Niobrara. There's probably 10 or 15 of our peer companies listening to this call that would like to hear what we've done in that manner, and we're not going to give it away. I would say, each of these resource play turns out to require a little different frac recipe, and the Niobrara has been maybe the most unique so far just because it's got such a high percentage of fractures. So whatever solution we come up with for the Niobrara, it's not obvious that, that's going to be immediately transferable to some of the other oil resource plays, because most of the others don't have a high degree of national fractures that we've seen in the Niobrara.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then shifting to the Permian, can you put a plan to context when you look to the Wolf Camp, which really overlies a lot of play extending into the Delaware Basin, and based on what would you know now and the two counties you've tested? Can you talk to, I guess, a, whether you think the Wolfcamp can be drilled commercially beyond those two counties, whether it's the start of something wider within the play? And b, are there other zones beyond the Wolfcamp and the Leonard Shale that you think can provide a similar greater size resource for EOG?
Timothy Driggers: Brian, on Wolfcamp specifically, we talked about Irion and Crockett counties, and we're not going to be going much beyond that today. But I would say that, at least within the areas that we've defined so far, where we've bought our leased, our 120,000 net acres, seeing some pretty positive things, very simple geology. We do have multiple targets in the fixed sections, and it's only very lightly structured, so not a big geo-steering issue of any kind. Gas and beryllium price in the overall Wolfcamp section, 20 million barrels of oil, 40 Bcf of gas in place per section, per zone. So there's a lot to work with in the Wolfcamp play. And also we're pretty encouraged by the early costs of EURs achieving 25% direct after-tax rates of return. In a program, though, we obviously hope to improve that pretty substantially. Right now we're only talking about a 40 million barrel of oil equivalent to net after royalty, but that's only from certain percentage of our acreage. It's risked pretty heavily for early recovery efficiencies, and as I said, it's only one of multiple targets net interval. And where it goes from here remains to be seen. It's a pretty competitive play right now, so we're not going to talk much about extensions beyond that. For the other play that we're involved in, near the Leonard or Avalon Shale play, we're also pretty happy with that, but it's a much more variable play geologically. Leonard, as we've said before, there's at least two target intervals, and below that in the Bone Spring, there's two, maybe three target intervals. Obviously, that play's also economic, incurring cost in EURs. But in program mode, we hope to get that up in the 40%, 50% range as well. I would say, on our 120,000 acres, we do have potential from additional zones, including the Bone Springs Sands. And maybe a little known fact is, that we've been active in the second Bone Springs sand for years. Since 2005, we've drilled about 27 horizontals and averaged about 300 Mboe per well NAR. And in the third sand, which may have even wider implications both in our acreage position and others, we just really haven't tested that in too many areas, but we do have an early discovery in that field, in fact, an oil discovery at a field called Red Hills, which -- we developed it vertically, because it was kind of pre-horizontal. But I guess we probably produced, what, maybe 15 million, 16 million barrels out of that field over the years. So we're pretty familiar with those objectives, and we'll be pursuing them in the future.
Operator: And moving on, we have a question from Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: This is really a macro question for Mark. I'm looking at everybody, this whole waiting, to us, oil in play is just great, its fantastic, all good. How do you feel about oil marketing, sort of localized oil-on-oil competition? And the reason why is because all these oil basins that have been sort of declining are coming back stronger and faster than expected. Do you see any sort of issue with really downstream infrastructure in the U.S., which is really, really sticky, and the ability to kind of catch up with upstream production growth in the oil area which is more dynamic?
Mark Papa: The answer to your question, I believe, is that in multiple areas, on a macro view, we're going to see oil production, soon the existing oil transportation infrastructure. We clearly saw that in the Bakken play, and EOG put in a crude by rail to get our crude oil out of that North Dakota, which is kind of a depressed pricing area. And by the way, that project we put in is working like a charm, very profitable for us, and we've got a lot of requests to move other oil volumes on that line. The same thing is happening in the Eagle Ford in that the amount of oil that's generated is completely consuming the existing very limited compound infrastructure. And that will also happen in the Niobrara, if the Niobrara turns out to be a very, very large play. There's very little infrastructure there. So what I think is going to happen is you're going to see some significant differentials relative to some indices, whether it's LLS, whether it's Cushing, and you're going to see some companies who have proactive here, probably advantaged in their regional pricing, relative to some other companies in the play. I will say that there's a lot of talk right now on this LLS, Cushing big oil price differential, that if that differential persists, with time that we believe that our Eagle Ford oil is likely to get a price that is certainly better than Cushing, but not quite as good as LLS. Because most of our Eagle Ford oil by 2012 is going to end up in the Houston Ship Channel area. So that should be relatively advantage, certainly to Cushing. But short answer to your question is this infrastructure is a big deal.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Mark, on the same note on the marketing, what precludes you from trucking your oil to LLS at this point, and what are the costs involved there?
Mark Papa: The real issue we have right now, Joe, is just the physical time it would take to take a truck from the Eagle Ford to get it over to Louisiana. It would require that we need to sign up even more trucks to get our oil moved. And there's really, believe it or not, there's just not enough trucks out there to deal with that. So in the short-term, our issues with the Eagle Ford, we're going to be trucking to local areas where it can be put into a pipeline, but it's not going to be a situation that we're going to be able to get it to Louisiana anytime in the short run. I will say we're looking at some real issues that could get us even our Bakken crew to Louisiana. But it may take a year before we get those implemented and, as you know, the differential LLS to Cushing typically is only $2 or $3, and now it's blowing out. And I certainly can't predict whether it's going to stay at that blow out rate for years or weeks.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on asset divestitures, just kind of three part question. One, do you think you'll need to sell additional assets in 2012? And two, do you still plan on selling Niobrara acreage, given kind of the update? And three, what actually went awry with that Marcellus Shale sale?
Mark Papa: On the last question there, on the Marcellus Shale acreage, I mean, it was mutual agreement between us and the intended buyer to part ways on that. But what I can say about that Marcellus acreage is there is no title or environmental issues relating to that acreage. The fact that we're going to go ahead and develop that ourselves would indicate that there are no issues relating to those items. I think some of your question is -- as far as whether we need to sell the company in 2012, Niobrara acreage. Some of that, that kind of comes around to this funding gap question, which I'm surprised I haven't gotten so far. What I'd say on the funding gap issue is that philosophically the 35% net debt-to-cap ratio is a pretty hard line. It's not our intention to run this company at net debt levels higher than 35%. And that goes for 2011, '12, '13, '14, et cetera. And we've got a lot of levers at our disposal for 2012, '13, '14 that we can pull, some of that, obviously, going to depend on what are the hydrocarbon prices in those years and what will be our cash flow. And if I leave you with anything related to that, it's that we're not going up to lever up this company to what we view as unreasonably high debt levels. And we are going to pursue these reinvestment opportunities, and it is unlikely that we are going to do JVs certainly on any of the oil plays. And we'll keep open the concept of whether we would do any on our gas plays, but our inclination as of now is not to do any JVs on any of our gas plays. Although in the Horn River, potential buyers that we have talked to in the Far East for the LNG have expressed some interest in equity in the upstream, and we just have to see how that plays out in negotiations with potential buyers over this year. So we've got the Horn River kind of earmarked. We'll figure out what to do with it as the Kitimat LNG story plays out. But right now, the plan for the Horn River is to end up linking that large amount of gas to an LNG oil index contact. So as far as the other of your question was would we sell some Niobrara acreage, our answer is yes. I mean, we would consider but just depending on what price is offered on some situations like that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Monroe Helm with Barrow, Hanley.
H. Monroe Helm III: Just a little bit more on the Wolfcamp play, if you would. The 40 million barrels that you've indicated here you said just from one zone, can you identify within the Wolfcamp what sectors may be in season, if you talk about where you think the reserves are within that 40 million barrels relative to those three zones? And what other zones in the Wolfcamp do you think are perspective as we go down the road .
Mark Papa: Monroe, we've said really about all we need to say on the amount of oil and gas in place in that overall Wolfcamp, and the fact that it is multiple zones. But that's a bit of a question yet in everybody's minds, which of the zones is going to be best? Or are they all going to be good? What areas are -- the A or the B or the C going to bring perspective into the overlay or not? And that's all kind of proprietary information from drilling that were not ready to give up yet.
H. Monroe Helm III: You did say from one zone it was 20 million barrels of oil in place and 40 Bcf. Is that what you said?
Mark Papa: That's in place, per section, per zone.
H. Monroe Helm III: But you won't give any color on what you think the ultimate could be here on a per section basis or oil in place?
Mark Papa: Well, I think I just did. Oil in place per section is that 20 million barrels of oil in place per zone per zone. That's really as far as we can take it today, Monroe. It's just too early in the play for us to talk much more about than what we've already said.
H. Monroe Helm III: The second question has to do with the Niobrara. Do you think that there'll be -- like we're seeing in East Texas -- do you think there's going to be some really sweet spots in this play? And do you think you've pretty much identified where the sweet spots are on your acreage?
Mark Papa: Yes, all of these plays have sweet spots in them. We've learned from experiencing a vast amount of exposure that EOG has in all these resource plays. And we're still really working on that in determining that, and it's really early in the testing process of this new technique, but we're working on that. And I think there will be some sweet spots. And we'll just have to see how it plays out.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Daniel Morrison with Global Hunter.
Daniel Morrison - Global Hunter Securities, LLC: I know you're keeping the information kind of skinny on the Wolfcamp play, but the 40 million barrels of your early assessment there, is that limited just to the area where you've been drilling in Irion and Crockett counties or is that across the basin?
Timothy Driggers: No, Dan. It's limited to a portion of our acres in Irion and Crockett County. It's not our full 120,000 acreage position. It's only the part that we've actually put holes in so far. We've drilled, I think, eight horizontals and completed four. We're not ready to talk about the entire position yet.
Mark Papa: Yes, I guess as an overview, there's too ways the oil product reserves in the Wolfcamp could grow. One way is if the one productive zone that we've pretty much proven by testing, if that extends over all our 120,000 acres. The second way is that if it turns out that these two other zones, which might be productive, if they turn out to be productive, if they extend just over the acreage we've tested or if they extend overall acreage. And obviously, the big home line is we have multiple zones that are productive over 120,000 acres. And I would say by year-end we ought to have a reasonable guess on do we have multiple zones and do they extend over all our acreage or part of our acreage. We're just as curious as you are to find out what the answer is.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I'm just going back to what you said on trucking, Mark. If I think about the oil ramp or the oil volumes that are ramping predominately in the U.S. for EOG, but yet you said the trucking is tight. Can you reconcile that a little bit for me, how you're going to be able to grow with that rate with the tight trucking and just the tight infrastructure?
Mark Papa: Well, you have to come up with some alternatives. I mean, for example, in the Bakken, when we had the high growth rate, if we had not come up with the crude by rail and implemented it within 12 months, we would have had significant production curtailments. But we came up with a plan. And the same thing, we have an interim plan. The window is a problem area relating to Eagle Ford is really today through mid-2012. Once the line gets put in by Enterprise, the oil pipeline, this problem pretty much just goes away. So we got 12 months kind of a timeframe, 12, 15 months, where we have to deal with it. And we're looking at some, I guess, the best thing to say is some unique and inventive ways to deal with it, and some of that's proprietary.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Is it fair to say that if you didn't have that, or if you don't implement it, if you didn't have a system, that it would be hard to hit those numbers? I'm just trying to check out the overall tightness just coming out of the basin and the bigger picture oil macro.
Mark Papa: I guess the way to put it is that I'd expect that as we go through the year, you may hear some stories about issues on tight trucking, particularly in the Eagle Ford, and we hope we get a fix on that. It's pretty much the same thing as when we articulated in November that the frac situation was tight, not only in the Eagle Ford but in other areas, and everybody said "Well, we're not hearing that from any other companies." And I think now, if you get other companies to fess up, I'd say 100% of the companies in the U.S. have problems with frac availability. So again, EOG is trying to be open to discuss these issues on the front end even though you may not be hearing them from other companies.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: If I think about bigger picture, you made a comment about supply consuming the infrastructure, there's always been the old axiom that oil is harder to grow than gas. But of course, that was before horizontal drilling. So how do you think about -- have you found that oil has been harder to grow than gas, or is it more infrastructure related, or is it just the initial ramp up that we're putting in these plays? It seems like across the industry, like you mentioned right? Frac-ing in November, everybody's bringing in production rates a little bit. Can you just talk about how you see that at EOG? Has it been hard to grow oil, et cetera?
Mark Papa: Simple answer to your question is, yes, it's harder to grow oil than gas. And I think that as you see the whole industry moving towards liquid, you're going to see this played out among multiple companies that perhaps the initial estimates they give on liquids volume growth don't turn out to be what happens. The one reason, and a couple of reasons are, that we all report, whether it's Eagle Ford or Bakken oils or whatever, initial IP rates that look outstanding. But oil wells don't flow very long. They need artificial lifts in very short periods of time as opposed to a gas well that may go five or six years before it needs compression in some kind of cases. The second thing is the artificial lift that you put in oil wells has a higher downtime than you typically have with gas wells. With broad pumps, centrifugal pumps, they fail more frequently. So one of the issues that we've had to adjust to is that we've had to factor in for 2011 and '12 guidance just a higher downtime in our producing oil wells than we have been using a year ago. And I think you'll see that across the industry that the bottom line is it's just a lot harder to grow oil than it is gas.
Operator: And we have time for one final question from David Heikkinen with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: After tax rates of return for your Haynesville and Marcellus today, each region?
Mark Papa: If you use the five-year gas strip, use the NYMEX on there, in the Marcellus, the stuff that we're doing in Bradford County, it's pretty darn high. You could build a case that it's 40% or so. In Clearfield County, it's a little bit lower than that. It's probably in the range of 30% or so. The Haynesville in a sweet spot, I would say, it's probably 20% to 30% in there.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then Kitimat CapEx and export capacity in a go-forward case?
Mark Papa: Well, it's going to be a bunch of money ultimately. I mean, the export capacity on a day [ph] basis is about 700 million cubic feet of gas a day. And conceptually, what we're looking at, and I believe this is in conjunction with Apache, I'm not sure what comments Apache may have made on Kitimat on their call, but we're really looking at this as Kitimat Plant 1, and then Kitimat Plant 2, which would be double that 700 million cubic feet a day. Ultimately, and the CapEx requirements, are clearly multibillion dollars. We're currently doing some engineering analysis on that. Of course, the big portion of that would be not required until 2013, 2014 kind of timeframe on there. So the biggest goal for Kitimat for 2011 is to secure an oil index contract in the Far East, and I expect it's going to take probably 12 months or so before we know if we can secure one. We have a lot of warm and fuzzy positive feelings now, but it's just going to take -- these things take a fairly long time to get it all done. So that's going to be the key point as you get toward late 2011.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session today. At this time, Mr. Papa, I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Papa: Okay. Thank you very much for listening, and we'll talk to you again three months from now.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Loren Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President of Exploration Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Robert Garrison - Executive Vice President of San Antonio and General manager of San Antonio
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc. David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's EOG Resources 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Call. And at this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing the third quarter of 2010 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Effective January 1, 2010, the SEC now permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose not only proved reserves but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve disclosures on this conference call and webcast, including those for the South Texas, Eagle Ford, Barnett Combo and New Mexico Leonard Plays may include potential reserves or estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC’s latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President of Investor Relations. An updated Investor Relations presentation was posted to our website last night. We included 2010 and revised preliminary volume estimates for 2011 and 2012. We've reduced our full year 2010 growth guidance from 13% to 9%. About 70% of this reduction relates to North American natural gas volumes, where we're now projecting minus 2% growth versus the previous estimate of plus 2%. Obviously, in this price environment, we're not incented to grow gas volumes. Our conversion from a natural gas to an oil company is still on track. And we expect total crude, condensate and natural gas liquids to comprise approximately 67% of our 2011 North American revenues. However, because of lower cash flows from weak gas prices, higher frac costs, delays in frac equipment availability and the pattern drilling used to maximize resource plays, we've also reduced our 2011 and 2012 liquids growth targets to better reflect real-world conditions. Even with these reductions, we expect to grow crude and condensate 36%, 53% and 30% in 2010, '11 and '12. We've also made progress regarding asset sales, and I'll report on that later in the call. I'll now review our third quarter net income and discretionary cash flows. Then I'll provide some highlights and discuss our capital structure. Tim Driggers will provide some financial details. And I'll close with comments regarding our macro hydrocarbon view in concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the third quarter, EOG reported a net loss of $70.9 million or $0.28 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts of certain onetime adjustments as outlined in the press release, EOG's third quarter adjusted net income was $46.6 million or $0.18 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the third quarter was $755.4 million. I'll now address operational results, and I'll start with the South Texas Eagle Ford. The bottom line here is that our confidence in individual well results and the total 900 million barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty reserve estimate, have increased since our April analyst conference. Because this is such a huge net oil accumulation, and I believe investors have undervalued this asset, I'm going to take several minutes and provide an update based on our results from the last six months. Our press release provided details on a number of good wells, most of which have only commenced sales in the last month. Here's what we know right now about our asset after drilling 77 wells, 59 of which are either producing or shedding for off-site fracs or waiting on fracs. First, the Eagle Ford formation is not a typical shale. But instead, it's a borderline conventional carbonate reservoir. Pressure and flow data from our wells indicate we're seeing a lot of matrix flow, i.e., a significant amount of flow from the rock fabric itself, which is a good sign. Second, the Eagle Ford is a predictable play. We've not drilled a large enough population of wells and we're getting very repeatable results across a 120-mile extent of acreage block. Third, we've had a 100% well success rate within the acreage and the horizons we originally defined to contain our estimated 0.9 billion barrels. For a startup play, this is outstanding. Fourth, for our 0.9 billion barrels of estimated reserves, the mix is 77% black oil. The oil in our portion of the reservoir has some unique characteristics that enhance the recovery factor. We've kept this information proprietary until now. But with our acreage tied up, we can now talk without losing a competitive advantage. I'll apologize in advance for getting too technical. But this is a very important point, because some analysts have expressed concern regarding recovery factors from a pure oil reservoir. Specifically, there is an extraordinarily high differential between the initial reservoir pressure and the pressure at which solution gas breaks out of the oil, technically called the bubble point pressure. Across our acreage, the original reservoir pressure averages 7,200 psi and the bubble point pressure averages 2,500 psi. This unusually high spread provides for a larger-than-normal fluid expansion recovery factor. That's why we're so confident with our 0.9 billion barrel reserve estimate. Fifth, the reservoir can be broken into two zones, East and West. In the East, we have two targets, the Upper and Lower Eagle Ford. These zones are relatively thick and high-quality. A typical well here is the Harper #10H well, which IP-ed at 1,070 barrels of oil per day and 980 Mcf per day. In this same area, the Cusack Clampit wells, which were highlighted in the press release, IP-ed at rates ranging from 860 to 1,800 barrels of oil per day, with 1 to 1.8 million cubic feet a day of rich gas each. We have 100% working interest in all these Eastern wells. In this Eastern area, we typically drilling 4,000-foot laterals and expect the average reserves per well of 460 Mboe net after royalty. The Western area has only one target, the Lower Eagle Ford, and the rock is a bit thinner. Typical wells here are the Haynes #1H and Hoff #6H wells, which IP-ed at 979 and 629 barrels of oil per day respectively. We have 100% working interest in these wells also. To maximize our economics in the West, we'll drill 6,000-foot-long laterals and expect 430 Mboe per well net after royalty. These per well recoveries are considerably higher than we noted in April. Sixth, the typical decline curve for both areas indicate we'll produce 40% of our wells' reserves in the first five years. We originally thought we'd need roughly 2,800 wells to capture the 0.9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. But now it will take us a lot fewer wells to monetize this asset. Overall, we believe we can achieve a $12 to $15 per Boe direct finding costs across the entire play. We plan to run 14 rigs, drill 231 net Eagle Ford wells in 2011. And seventh, the direct rates of returns that we expect to achieve from both East and Western wings of our sweet spot will return to the same return goals as we gave at our April analysts conference. As we exit the science stage and enter the program drilling phase in 2011 and '12, we expect to achieve the 0.66 and 95% direct after-tax rates return. In order to decrease our average completed well costs back to the original range by the end of next year on a normalized lateral length places, we're implementing drilling enhancements and completion design modifications as well as contractual and self-sourced frac solutions. Let me take a minute here to discuss our volume growth projections. This applies not only to the Eagle Ford but also to our other oil resource plays. EOG is a company that has rarely missed its volume targets over the past 11 years. Yet now, we are revising our 2010-'12 numbers downward. Part of this is very simple. At current and projected gas prices, we have no interest in growing gas volumes. Regarding oil, our individual wells are performing as expected. But we underestimated the downtime for patent drilling and delays for frac equipment. As we previously stated, optimizing shale oil or gas recovery requires drilling five or six side-by-side wells, frac-ing them simultaneously and only then turning all wells to production. Therefore, if frac equipment is delayed, it doesn't affect only one well but cascades to five or six wells and the associated production. We believe our updated volume estimates now account for this methodology. To give you a little more color on these frac equipment delays, we're currently experiencing delays in almost every one of our divisions and have about 100 wells experiencing delays. Since most of our budget is oil wells, this disproportionately affects oil volumes. These delays won't go away anytime soon. And our new 2011 and 2012 growth forecasts assume the frac delays continue until at least mid-2011. Moving to an emerging oil play. We're pleased to report success on additional acreage in our New Mexico Leonard Shale. Last quarter, we told you we'd proven up 31,000 of our 120,000 net acres. And we can now report we've proven up an additional 18,000 acres. Our Elk Wallow 11 #1H and #2H wells are producing at 337 and 505 barrels of oil per day, with 3.1 million and 4.8 million cubic feet of rich natural gas, respectively from an upper and lower Leonard interval, indicating we have two separate targets in this area. We have 100% working interest in these wells. We expect our Leonard reserves will likely increase from the original 65 million barrels of oil equivalent, in our estimate. Because acreage explorations aren't as critical here, we'll develop this asset at a relatively slow pace in 2011. Our Barnett Combo results continue to be consistent, and we're in a steady manufacturing mode. For the second quarter in a row, we've expanded the Core area. This time from 150,000 to 160,000 acres. This play keeps getting bigger. Earlier this year, we highlighted our first very good horizontal well in the Eastern portion of our acreage, where we'd previously recorded only verticals. Since then, we've completed many successful Eastern area wells in horizontals and verticals. Recent successful horizontals are Strickland A #2H, Settle C #3H and the Christian C #3H, with IP rates of 1,118, 731 and 954 barrels of oil per day. It's 1.6 million to 2.1 million cubic feet a day of rich gas. EOG has working interest varying from 90% to 98% in these wells. Two successful vertical wells in the East are the Strickland #1 and Slagle #1, which IP-ed at 865 and 539 barrels of oil per day. We have 96% and 100% working interest in these wells, respectively. We've also achieved good results in the Western portion of Montague County, with a Posey C#3H testing at 536 barrels of oil per day. We're currently operating 16 rigs in the Combo and plan to run 16 rigs here in 2011. One other interesting feature here, although the Combo increased about 1/3 oil, 1/3 NGLs and 1/3 residue gas, the current revenue split is over 90% liquids and less than 10% gas, consistent with our liquids shift. We plan to drill 258 Barnett Combo wells in 2011. On our Barnett gas activity, essentially all of our Johnson County acreage is now held by production, till we plan to drill zero Barnett gas wells in 2011. Moving to the Bakken. Per well results continue to be as expected, and we continue to prove up acreage outside our Core area. The newest area is Southwest of the Core, where we drilled several 640-acre space wells with good IPs. The Mandaree 4-15, 2-9, 10-5 and 6-20 wells IP-ed at maximum growth rates of 1,490, 1,358, 840 and 1,175 barrels of oil per day, respectively. We have 63% to 90% working interest in these wells. Our drilling within the partial Core area has also yielded the expected results, and we've seen no unusual declines here. Overall, we're happy with our North Dakota results. And this asset is currently our single largest oil contributor, although that will change within a year or two as the Eagle Ford ramps up. We plan to run 10 Bakken and Three Forks rigs in 2011. Also about 25% of our 2010 wells were 1,280-acre space laterals, and that 25% will grow to about 70% next year. The Manitoba Waskada oil volumes are finally drilling after one of the wettest summers in 60 years, which inhibited our activity. Net production has increased 4,600 barrels of oil a day in January, and we expect a year-end exit rate of 7,700 barrels per day. The last oil play I'll mention is the Niobrara in Northeastern Colorado. We're currently running three rigs here. Two recent wells, the Critter Creek #5-10H and #9-15H had IP rates of 690 and 748 barrels of oil per day on restricted chokes. And we have 100% working interest in both of these wells. Even though natural gas isn't currently in vogue, we have some upbeat news from the Marcellus and continued good news from the Haynesville-Bossier, where we're drilling to hold acreage. In the Marcellus, we've modified our frac program in our first four wells on the EOG/NSG joint venture acreage with these new style completions are very strong. The Clearfield County counts the 34H, 35H, 37H and 38H wells IP-ed at 9.2, 8.5, 7.1 and 8 million cubic feet a day respectively. EOG has 50% working interest in these wells. In our Haynesville-Bossier area, we continue to make good wells such as AC LCO #1, Black Stone 4 #5 and Fremont Farms #1 wells, which IP-ed at 34, 23, and 26 million cubic feet a day, respectively. We have 48%, 75% and 75% working interest in these wells. We've refined our mapping of the play's sweet spots. Although we're not known as a major Haynesville player, we believe EOG has a Haynesville-Bossier sweet spot acreage position that's as good or better than any other operator in the play. Current Investor Relations presentation has a chart showing EOG with 67% of our total acreage position in the sweet spots of this play. During 2011, we plan to drill the minimum number of wells here that is necessary to maintain our acreage position. In the Horn River Basin, we're in the process of completing several wells. And early results from three wells completed in the EB section show IPs between 16 million and 22 million cubic feet a day. We won't be as active here in 2011, as we've been in 2010. Outside North America, our Trinidad asset is currently in the production mode, and we will begin developments early on our Toucan discovery in the fourth quarter. This will provide deliverability to meet our 2011-13 gas contracts in China, we expect to frac another well, the third, by year end. Outside of operations, part of our business plan involves selling some assets to partially cover our expected 2010 and 2011 operating cash flow shortfall. At our April analyst meeting, our goal was to sell assets this year and maintain a maximum 25% net-debt-to-capital ratio. Since April, gas prices have obviously collapsed, so we've come up with a new capital plan. We expect to sell between 600 million and 1 billion of acreage and oil-producing assets this year, with almost all of that expected to close in the fourth quarter. I want to stress most of these deals are not yet closed. For 2011, we plan to sell at least $1 billion of primarily gas acreage or producing properties. And we've raised the conceptual upper limit on our net-debt-to-total-cap ratio from 25% to between 30% and 35%. Unlike others, we don't intend to sell or JV any of our horizontal oil plays. We intend to emerge from this transformation retaining 100% of the oil and combo assets that we've captured. And we're willing to liquidate gas assets, gas acreage or assets to achieve that goal. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financial and capital structure.
Timothy Driggers: For the quarter, capitalized interest was $19.5 million. For the third quarter 2010, total exploration and development expenditures were $1.5 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. Total acquisitions for the quarter were $3 million. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $107 million. During the third quarter, we accepted bids to sell a portion of our Canadian shallow natural gas assets for net proceeds of $320 million. Additionally, these assets were considered to be held for sale, and we've recorded a pretax impairment of $280 million to write down these assets to fair value. At quarter end, total long-term debt was $3.8 billion, and the debt-to-total-cap ratio was 27%. At September 30, we had $28 million of cash, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $3.7 billion and a net-debt-to-total-cap ratio of 27%. Yesterday with earnings press release, we included a guidance table for the fourth quarter and the updated full year 2010. For the full year 2010, the effective tax range is 40% to 50%. Note that this is on a GAAP basis. We have also provided an estimated range for the dollar amount of current assets that we expect to record during the fourth quarter and for the full year. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Papa: I'll now provide a few macro comments. Regarding oil, we're still rationally bullish based on the fact that global oil demand is currently 86 million barrels a day, the same as in 2008. And the demand has rebounded very nicely for last year. It's worth noting that 2010 global oil demand growth is the second greatest in the past 30 years. We've increased our 2011 hedge position slightly and currently have 10,000 barrels of oil a day hedged at $90.39. Regarding North America natural gas, the question is, "Can it get much lower?" And I guess time will tell. I expect the gas rig count to fall by about 200 rigs by mid-2011. We currently have 150 million cubic feet hedged at 2011 at a $5.44 price and 200 million a day hedged for 2012 at a $5.57 price. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are three points to take away from this call. First, beginning in 2011, we are now predominantly an oil company based on our anticipated revenue mix. And there is no other company our size that's growing oil and NGL volumes similar to EOG's rate. Second, our oil assets are generating consistent and repeatable results. I'm particularly pleased with the results this quarter from the Eagle Ford, Barnett Combo, Leonard and Bakken. Regarding the Eagle Ford, two recent industry transactions for acreage in the oil window have ratified our asset value, particularly when noting that we were the first mover and have a premier oil window acreage. And third, although our capital plan has changed a bit since April, we're on track to sell significant natural gas properties in 2010 and have additional sales planned for 2011. Additionally, we've pared our 2011 dry gas CapEx to absolute minimum level to hold our Haynesville, Marcellus and Horn River acreage positions. Our goal is to retain and develop 100% of our oil assets without incurring excessive debt, and if we lighten up on some natural gas assets in the process, so be it. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to our first question from Joe Allman from JP Morgan.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Mark, just a question on the gas assets. You mentioned that Horn River Basin activity will be less next year than this year. Could you just talk about the development that you plan at the Horn River and given the obligations related to the LNG facility?
Mark Papa: The status of the Trinidad LNG facility is, we're still teaming up with Apache and working on that. And we're making, I'd say, consistent progress. But I believe it's going to be year-end 2011 before we truly know if we have a firm project or not. So over the last three months, we've clearly made some headway, but it's just going to be a slow progress. I believe the project's got a pretty strong chance of actually happening. I think all the elements are in place for it, but we still got a ways to go. So what we've adopted in light of these very dismal North American gas conditions is, we've done enough science wells now in the Horn River to have a pretty good feel for reserves, potential per well, drillability and so on. And we're just going to, for 2011, just take a minimalist approach in terms of our CapEx related to Horn River drilling in that particular area.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Regarding the asset sale in the second quarter conference call, you mentioned acreage amount you're going to sell in various places like the Marcellus, Eagle Ford and Haynesville. Have there been changes to those plans?
Mark Papa: Yes, we don't really want to talk about anything specifically until we get some firmer situations. But generally, I'd say in either 2010 or 2011, it's likely that we'll be divesting ourselves of a portion of the Marcellus acreage and a portion of what we call kind of our non-core Eagle Ford acreage.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And what about the Haynesville and are you also going to sell some Niobrara?
Mark Papa: Yes, the Haynesville, we've got a small amount of acreage there that we'll probably liquidate. That's not going to be a substantial amount. And the Niobrara, we have divested a little bit of the 400,000 acres. But we'll definitely be keeping the majority of that 400,000 acres. The best way to explain all of this, Joe, is on the natural gas front, we've got a huge gas inventory clearly in the Haynesville/Bossier and the sweet spot hitting probably between nine and 10 Tcf. We're quite encouraged now with the Marcellus on our combined EOG/NFG acreage. We know we've got a ton of gas in the Horn River and certainly a bunch in the Uinta basin and some in Johnson County in the Barnett. And what we'd be looking at selling over the next 18 months are our properties that perhaps are long-life existing gas properties that may be time to pass down to another operator. We're a company that over the last decade, we haven't sold much. We've been in accumulating mode that whole time, so we've got a pretty good inventory of existing properties to liquidate. And there are buyers out there, even at these kind of gas price conditions. And so we'll be liquidating some of those and also on some acreage that either we have to invest in drilling-wise or the Ford expires or something along those lines. So what we want to do is we want to emerge from this with the horsepower for gas of all those core plays I just mentioned to you. So if it turns out that the gas turns out to be a bullish commodity over the next five or eight years, we've got a kind of horsepower there. And we want to emerge from this with essentially 100% of all of our oil and combo plays. We believe we can do that during the next year or two, even while we're liquidating some gas-producing assets and some portions of some acreage.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Richard Dearnley [ph] from Longport Partners. [ph]
Unidentified Analyst: Could you talk about your Permian activity in the Southeastern region and if you're in related counties, please?
Mark Papa: Yes, what we can say about that particularly in those areas, and it's no secret that there's a play that's active out there called the Wolfcamp play, a horizontal play. We're aware that at least two public companies have made press releases recently, and their press releases were basically predicated on an EOG well or wells in that area. And what they're saying is based on EOG's well results, we, companies A and B, have a new oil play. As is typically our case, we'll talk about any new potential plays whenever we have sufficient data to provide an intelligent assessment to our Wall Street. And at this point, it's just too early for us to comment. But we do have to recognize that our name's out there in public relating to this plays. So that's kind of a circuitous answer. But this is what we've given on previous plays in the past.
Unidentified Analyst: Is the 40-14 well as good as the rumors have it?
Mark Papa: I really can't comment on that at this time, Richard, except to say that at some point down the road when we really feel that we've got our acreage position locked in and we have sufficient data from sufficient wells, then we can provide you a comment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Wilmoth from Simmons & Co.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: Hey guys, you alluded to increasing your sales force, frac solutions, and I know you guys have sort of stayed in the Barnett. Are you thinking of continuing to do that in other basins? Or are you considering buying into pressure pumping equipment?
Mark Papa: Yes, kind of our current situation, Scott is, that we are indeed self-sourcing our fracs, if you will, in the Barnett, particularly in the Combo play. We're not going in the business of buying pressure pumping equipment. But we very much recognize that the costs and the availability of equipment from major suppliers is just flat unacceptable to us really, and we're pursuing other avenues. And the other avenues, we'll just say that we expect to have those in place approximately mid-2011. And at that time, we'll discuss exactly what those other avenues are. If I give you one primary reason why we've had to lower our volume estimates here, it's been lack of availability of frac equipment. And as I mentioned earlier, we're literally just, in essentially every division, we're literally waiting months, not weeks, not days, months for availability of frac equipment. And the costs of that equipment, when it does show up, is I'd say have increased dramatically from our April analyst conference. And that's just the situation. We have to come up with a plan to obliterate that. And we have a plan, and we'll articulate it more clearly as we get to mid-year next year.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: Just jumping over to Eagle Ford, you guys have had success with increasing the EURs. Have your down-spacing assumptions changed at all since your analysts day that you guys area 125- to 140-acre spacing? Can you kind of talk to how that's progressed?
Robert Garrison: Yes, Scott, at the conference, we were talking about 125 acres spacing for the Northeastern portion of Eagle Ford, and I think it's 140 acres for the Southwestern portion. But we're still experimenting with that. We have lengthened our laterals, because we now have really excellent quality 3D shot in both those areas, Northeast and Southwest. And we now know how we could drill a lateral before we get in trouble with faulting and that sort of thing. So we have extended our lateral links probably for an average of I think 3,500 feet in both areas in the past to maybe 4,000 feet in the Northeast and as Mark said earlier, about 6,000 feet in the Southwest. And the uplift that we're showing on our EUR is just really, you can tie almost all of that uplift just for the longer laterals at this point. But the bottom line is, we're not yet calling on increased recovery efficiency or down-spacing or anything like that to improve our EURs per well. We think that's still in the future for us.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: Okay and then lastly just on the rig count in general heading into 2011, it seems like you're going to stay flat in the Combo and the Bakken, picking up in the Eagle Ford. Are there any other moving pieces, up or down, on the rig count that I'm missing there?
Timothy Driggers: No, we're good. We're running 75 rigs. And looks like 2011 will be in the 75 to 80 rigs as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Biju Perincheril from Jefferies & Company.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: First on the Canadian sale. If I've read what was in the Q correctly, it seems what you sold was about half of what I thought you were producing up there. So is there more Canadian gas products to be sold? And #2, from what you said out there, are you know leaning towards monetizing more of your producing properties as opposed to growing acreage?
Mark Papa: Yes, relating to the Canadian sale, yes, the answer is, it's likely that with the next 12 months that there will be additional Canadian shallow gas sold. We only sold a portion of that. And basically, what's announced in the press release is only a portion of that gas. And in terms of monetizing some gas assets, yes, I would say that relative to our April analysts conference, we're now more likely, particularly in 2011, to monetize some producing gas assets more than we were previously. If you look at our projected volume growth in North American gas for 2010, 2011 and 2012, it's negative in '11 And I think it's plus 1% for 2012. And those projected sales are reflecting in those volumes, so those volumes we provided are not pro forma. We're assuming that we sell property x say the first quarter next year, property Y by mid-year. And so that's why you're seeing on the North American volume growth. Our feeling is just on the macro view, I'd love to be more optimistic on gas. I hope I'm wrong. But we are so long on gas assets in this company that we can liquidate some of these gas assets and still retain tremendous horsepower if we decide to grow gas assets in 2013, '14 or 2015.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And In the Eagle Ford, you talked about the lower and upper zones. Are you accessing both zones with one lateral? Or are you looking at two separate wells down the road?
Mark Papa: It's not a case where we're talking about a lateral that have one branch that goes to the upper and one to the lower. That's not what we're doing. Those Cusack Clampit wells that we highlighted in the press release, those wells are alternating one well within lower. Then the next well beside it is in the upper. Then the next well beside it is in the lower, next well is in the upper. That's kind of similar to what we've done in the Barnett. So the way to look at it is that upper requires a separate well from lower.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then, if you look at that trend, I mean some of your best wells are towards the Northeastern part of your acreage, any thoughts on the acreage extending what happens if you go farther northeast?
Mark Papa: On last quarter's call, we mentioned that we'd gotten a 3D shot over that Northeast and 3D imaged a new fault block that could the extend 160-mile length of this play another 20 miles to the Northeast. So we had not yet drilled that fault block, but certainly we'll do so in the next multiple months. If that fault block works, then we do have a 20-mile extension potentially of 160 miles.
Operator: Our next question from David Tameron from Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: If I can think about 2011 CapEx, you said a little bit of an out spend. Should we assume that the outspend is equivalent to the projected asset sales? What's the right way to think about that?
Mark Papa: Yes, we will furnish data the CapEx number on the next earnings call for 2011. But The way I'd suggest you think about it is so we'll be targeting this 30% to 35% debt range. And for us, the 35% is kind of a red zone that's kind of a zone we don't want to go north of. So we'll be managing the asset sales. We'll be looking at what the product prices for next year in China and try sort all that out. But the predominant deterrent there is going to be the debt level. And If we have to, we'll sell more assets to keep it in that debt level or less assets, depending on kind of where we stand on product prices and CapEx.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Another question, If I had went and backread the transcript from the second quarter last night. You made a number of comments about you said infrastructure was tight. It looked like there was some delays in the frac side. How has the market changed between August and November?
Mark Papa: That's a good point. Let me correct one thing. I misspoke a little bit earlier. I said 160 miles for the Eagle Ford. That's really 120 miles with a possible 20-mile extension. In terms of the frac situation between April and today, it's really gotten worse, I mean, worse from a producer's viewpoint. It's literally at a point now where if we want to frac a well, and we call up one of the major service companies, typically they'll say, "Well, we can get to you maybe right after the first of year. And the price, we'll tell you the first of year. But it's going to be even higher than your worst case scenario to frac this well. And if you don't like that particular price availability, well, we've got a lot of other people had a needing fracs. But I would say we certainly had a peak drilling activity several years ago, when gas was $9 or $10 and there was a frenzy of activity. But the frac situation was not as tight then as it is today, in my opinion.
Robert Garrison: We said that the second quarter is that the costs and stimulation was up 20% to 40%. Today, we would say it's 40%, maybe as high as 50% more.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: If I think about the PV and the impact of pushing too much drilling back out here. Obviously the value's still there. But it takes a couple of years to get it. Care to share what the next two years slowdown does to that model. How should we think about value creation? And I assume you do. Care to share what the next two years, the slowdown in production does that model? How we should think about value creation other than being pushed back couple years? Predominantly in the CapEx, I mean it's costing more to drill?
Mark Papa: We're not going to try and give you an PV for any of our assets or so. Let me point out also, there's nobody else in North America, other than maybe the heavy oil guys, who've captured essentially in one play close to 1 billion barrels. And if this discovery were made in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, it would be highly heralded in newspaper headlines, so on and so forth. We can beat the bridges of our direct finding cost of whatever a Deepwater funding cost is. And we beat the bridges off a heavy oil project. And so we haven't a dam of a project. And maybe the PV has been pushed back potentially a year or six months. But when you look at it in the bigger picture scale, that's not all that meaningful in terms of the deferred PV, as far as we look at it. That's as far as I'll go, David.
Operator: We have our next question from Leo Mariani from RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Previously on the debt cap side, you guys were 20% to 25%. Mark you talked about 35% sort of being your max red zone. Does that factor in the effect of the asset sales? So I guess what I'm asking is, post asset sales next year, you're still going to be at 35%?
Mark Papa: Our game plan is between now and 2012 to be no more than 35%. And that does factor in, that assumes we do have asset sales in 2011, yes.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Obviously, you guys cut your oil and liquids production guidance for '11 and '12, and so you've articulated about a lot of the reasons. Do you expect to also see a reduction on oil and liquids related to CapEx as well on the next couple of years?
Mark Papa: We'll answer that when we provide CapEx guidance on the next earnings call, Leo.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Jumping over to Eagle Ford. What are you guys seeing now in terms of well costs over there?
Mark Papa: They're currently higher than what we forecasted in our April analyst conference. And we're working to get those down. I mean the primary reason is the frac costs there are in rough terms, maybe as much as $1 million higher than what we had estimated previously. And we hope by mid-2011 with some of this outsourcing that we're talking about, we can get those costs more in line. But the costs have gone up, but also the reserves have gone up because we're drilling longer laterals. So in terms of the returns, this is likely to be an awesome project on the terms, unless oil prices collapse.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: One comment you guys made is that it doesn't sound like you're selling much of your Niobrara acreage. I know you haven't declared victory on that. But does that indicate that you've got some optimism about the play there?
Mark Papa: What was promised is at year end, we'd give an update on the Niobrara, which would really translate into the next earnings call. The issues, we've articulated the same as our last call is a much more heavily fractured play, so the initial production rates are going to be quite good. The question is, what will those production rates look like six months, 12 months after the initial rates? So we just need a bit more time to watch it before we really give you specifics on that.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I know that you guys reduced your international gas volumes for 2011. Is there still some slippage there at the startup of Toucan? And when are you going to be selling some of the gas there?
Mark Papa: No. It's really due to the projection of the internal markets. What happens when we had this big recession, worldwide recession in 2009 are these anticipated growth of new methanol and ammonia plants that they assumed would be built on the country of Trinidad. But those all got put on hold. And so we anticipate that there may be just some internal demand restrictions. We may not have as high contract takes next year as we've enjoyed this year. So we've got a little bit of a cautionary factor built into our numbers there for Trinidad.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: It sounds like you've sold a portion of the shallow Canadian gas. Could you let us know how much shale volumes were sold and what their reserves were, can you say that?
Mark Papa: No. We just do not say that because we're in the process of working to sell the remainder of the gas, and we don't want to set any particular parameters out their, benchmarks.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: But in your new production guidance for 2011, have you factored in this sale that you've already made there?
Mark Papa: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: We'll move on to Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: As you highlighted, one of the key drivers in the change of your oil guidance is the result of the greater completion, tie-in delays in the key resource plays. Can you provide more color on how long it takes to drill complete and tie-in wells in the Eagle Ford, Barnett Combo and Bakken today, what you assumed that, that could get to previously in 2011 and 2012 and what you're feeling today?
Loren Leiker: That's a pretty broad question there. As far as the time you start a well and you bring it on production, it could be anywhere from, depending on the play, anywhere from 60 to 90 days, probably on the higher end of that. And as far as yes, going forward here, Mark had mentioned that we expect to maybe have some relief on available pump services mid-year 2011. And that may draw back from the 90 days to the 60 days, Brian. That answer your question?
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It partially does. So, I guess, what didn't change relative to where you were previously where you were assuming that, that could've gone from 60 to 30, and now you're assuming it go from 90 to 60? Is that essentially the kind of key changes of how you're thinking about things here?
Mark Papa: I guess I'll take a crack at that, Brian. We all knew that we want to complete these wells in bunches, four, five or six wells together. But what we assumed back in April was, if we called up a service company and say, we need you to frac a well in three weeks, that they'd show up in three weeks and we'd then frac five or six wells simultaneously. Now what we're finding is you have to schedule this four our five months in advance. And instead of three weeks, you're really looking at four to five months to get those things done. And what it does is it sets you back the whole, not one well but six wells. Production comes online many, many months later than what you expected. And then what it does for you is, we assumed we'd have an exit rate in December of this year, we'll say X back in April. Now we know that exit rate is going to be less than that and so that's why the gross volumes that were projected now and for 2012 are going to be less. We're sill going to have pretty dramatic year-over-year production, but we're compounding off a lower base than what we previously expected because we didn't achieve our this goal this year. And then we built into it the fact that miraculously this frac equipment does not become instantly available on January 1 of '11. We don't see any real improvement there. The biggest improvement we're going to see, we believe, in the frac equipment, sort of us outsourcing is, if the gas rig count drops by a couple of hundred rigs. And we believe by mid-next year, my guess is 200 rigs. Gary Thomas is guessing 300 rigs, the drop in gas rig count. When that happens, if that happens, then all of a sudden, whatever frac equipment is tied up there becomes available for oil plays. So we're kind of hoping that happens for multiple reasons, one is a great gas mark and two is just backup free up equipment. Hopefully, I gave you a little more color there, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then when you look at the change in your gas production expectation, how do we think about the organic impact from a combination of reduced activity outside the Marcellus and Haynesville combined with the stronger result you've seen in the Marcellus and the Haynesville? Is it still kind of an organic decline? Or do the two offset each other?
Mark Papa: No. We'll be selling more gas, we believe, over the next 18 months than we're developing new gas. I would say it's a sale-related decline more than anything else. In other words, the impact of the total volume of gas we're likely to sell in million cubic feet a day is going to overwhelm our organic growth. And the net's going to be those slightly negative North American gross numbers.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a follow up on the earlier CapEx question, I know you don't have guidance this early for next year but is the way we should just back into what you would be assuming today to assume the 10% growth, assume $1 billion asset sales, 30% or 35% net debt to total cap, assume stripped commodity prices and then back in to what CapEx implies, is that essentially a good way of thinking about what you may be modeling internally?
Mark Papa: I don't think we want to give that much clarity at this point in time because the asset sales we're looking at next year are probably a minimum of $1 billion, as we think about it today. But we'll give you more clarity by the next earnings call on that one.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Brian Lively from Tudor Pickering Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just trying to get a little more color on the new debt-to-cap target. What are the primary drivers again for the increase from 25% to the 30% range? I'm just wondering if that's a price issue, a realization versus hedges? Or is that related to higher spending? Or some other reasons?
Mark Papa: I'd say that the two clear reasons are a collapse in gas prices relative to what we saw in April. And also in April, I believe if you looked at the oil price expectation or the NYMEX that existed in April versus what we've actually achieved so far this year, we've actually gotten a lower oil price than what the NYMEX would have indicated in April. So part of it is clearly the hydrocarbon prices are providing less cash flow this year than we hoped for. And then, the other part of it is just I'd say cost escalation primarily in fracs. It just cost us more to get done than what we anticipated. That's not new news to you. I think most everybody who's reported earnings so far has indicated some cost pressure issue relating to fracs. So those are the two big components of it, Brian.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: When you think about the Leonard Shale and the Eagle Ford, do you think directionally lateral lengths are getting longer, more stage fracs? Is that sort of Bakken concept going to be applied you think or being applied to some of these new oil shales?
Mark Papa: Very definitely, yes. If you project that two or three years, when you look at the Bakken, when we started at the Bakken, you're looking at maybe 4,000-foot laterals, and now, we're kind of routinely talking about 5,000 to 10,000-foot laterals. And the industry is doing the same thing up there. And when we started out in Eagle Ford, the data that we had back in April were really based on 2,900-foot laterals. And today, we're talking about 4,000 to 6,000-foot laterals. So if you go out a couple of years for, say, the Eagle Ford, it wouldn't surprise me if we end up talking about routinely 8,000 to 10,000-foot laterals. Because the reserves, one thing we found in pretty much all of these resort plays are the reserves are just a linear function of the lateral length. If you drill oil with twice the lateral length, you're likely to get twice the reserves. And the same thing will hold true for any of the other plays, whether it be the Leonard Shale, the Combo play or some of these things. So in many cases, you've got some limitations there, if you've got a lot of fall patterns. So the more highly focused an area is, you can't can go out and drill a 10,000 or 14,000-foot lateral. But the sense of the industry moving to longer laterals in all the play will very definitely occur.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Last question is on LOE and as you shift to a higher percentage of liquids, where do you think directionally the LOE trends in the company over 2011 or 2012?
Mark Papa: We certainly can't deny the fact that if you take just a dry gas well versus an oil well, the LOE is going to be higher for an oil well. So we clearly have that, that we'll be working against. But of course, obviously, the margin, profit margin on an oil well is much higher than a gas well. But I can't give you a percentage or a number other than again, to defer to the next earnings call, we'll give some LOE guidance for the full year of 2011, relating to that. So that hopefully will give you a little bit of input there, Brian. I'd like to thank everyone for staying with the call. And once again, it's a case where EOG has been one of the most accurate companies on hitting volume targets for 11 years, but we just had a confluence of events here. But even once you get through the sticker stock of the lower volume growth that we're projecting, I don't think there's a company out there who's going to match our liquid volume growth for the next several years. And I also mentioned that the volume growth doesn't stop in 2012. It continues in '13, '14, '15, clearly on liquids side. We just haven't forecasted far out. So thank you very much.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Loren Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President of Exploration Gary Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President of Operations Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Robert Garrison - Executive Vice President of San Antonio and General manager of San Antonio
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc. David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc. Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Scott Wilmoth - Simmons Irene Haas - Canaccord Genuity Robert Morris
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2010 earnings and operational results.  This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call.  This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com.  Effective January 1, 2010, the SEC now permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve disclosures on this conference call and webcast, including those for the South Texas Eagle Ford, Barnett Shale and New Mexico Leonard plays may include potential reserves or estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC’s latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate, by reference, the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page in our website.  With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President of Investor Relations.  An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we included third quarter and updated full year 2010 guidance in yesterday's press release. We're still on track to deliver 13% total company organic production growth this year. Our shift to a higher liquid ratio is proceeding as planned, and as with the first quarter in EOG's history where liquid revenues exceeded gas revenues. As we reported in our April analyst conference, production will increase every quarter this year, giving us strong momentum going into 2011.  I'll now review our second quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, and then I'll provide operational highlights and discuss our capital structure. Tim Driggers will provide some financial details, and I'll close with comments regarding our macro hydrocarbon view in concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the second quarter, EOG reported net income of $59.9 million or $0.24 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain onetime adjustments as outlined in the press release, EOG's second quarter adjusted net income was $44.9 million or $0.18 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the second quarter was $656.2 million. I'll now address operational results, and we have plenty of good news to report. Perhaps the two biggest new items were our New Mexico Leonard Shale horizontal oil discovery and the results from some of the best wells ever completed in the Haynesville Shale.  In Southeastern New Mexico, we've been working over a year on our Red Hills area, Leonard Shale play, and our first horizontal well now has a 300-day production history. I'll note that the Leonard may also be called the Upper Bone Spring or Avalon Shale, as there are some industry variance in terminology.  We now feel we have reserve potential of 65 million barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty reserves on 31,000 of the 120,000 net acres we have in the play, which completed seven horizontal and four vertical wells, and we believe typical for well reserves for horizontal wells or about 400,000 barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty for $6.5 million well costs, which yields a 40% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return using NYMEX future prices.  Typical wells are at Lomas Rojas 26 #1H and #2H, which tested at 710 barrels of oil per day with 1.7 million cubic feet of rich natural gas, and 800 barrels of oil per day with 1.5 million cubic feet of rich natural gas, respectively. We have 100% working interest in these wells. We're currently testing other portions of our 120,000 acres and we'll have results before year end. I'll note that the production stream from this accumulation is analogous to our Barnett Combo play, since 1/3 of the production is crude oil, 1/3 is NGLs and 1/3 is residue gas. This play is just starting up. It will be late 2011 before we see a substantial production contribution from this asset. Moving to the Haynesville. During our April analyst conference, we advised that we delineated a new core area in Nacogdoches and San Augustine Counties in East Texas. Our most recent well results certainly confirm this. Our Murray #1H well have reached 25 million cubic feet a day of natural gas for the first 30 days, and the Crane #26-1H well average 27 million cubic feet a day for the same period. We have 96% working interest in those wells.  Also in East Texas, at 49% working interest, Walter #1H well IPed at 21 million cubic feet a day. We believe the Murray and Crane Wells are two of the top three Haynesville wells completed anywhere in the Louisiana or Texas trend today. We continue to limit our flow rates in the Haynesville to manage pressure drawn out of the reservoir, and these two wells were also limited by short-term pipeline constraints. Fortunately, a significant portion of our 160,000 Haynesville and Bossier net acres are in this Texas sweet spot. In our April analyst meeting, we also noted that the Bossier Shale was a separate target, and our recent 100% working interest Red River 5#3H confirms our view, testing at 15.2 million cubic feet a day with 6,750 psi flowing tubing pressure. After several months of production, our Bossier wells appear to be as good as our Haynesville wells. Overall, we're extremely pleased with both our Haynesville and Bossier results, and this play will be the main driver to make up for the gas volumes being divested in our anticipated Canadian shallow gas property sale. I'll now provide more color regarding four of our horizontal oil plays: the Eagle Ford, Bakken, Barnett Combo and Niobrara. In the Eagle Ford, we're continuing to get consistent results. We're currently drilling with only a moderate activity level until we get all of our 3D seismic shot interpreted. Also, our activity in this area has been constrained by the lack of frac equipment. I'll note that we've previously dealt with similar problems and equipment availability issues in the Barnett, and we created a proactive unique solution there and we'll do so again in the Eagle Ford. Completion results we've noted this quarter, some of which we've articulated in our press release, indicate a consistent 120-mile-long accumulation with per well reserves similar to that outlined in analyst conference. Typical well completions are the Darlene #2H, Coalic 1H and Hoff 7H wells, which IPed at 1,033, 1,002 and 625 barrels of oil per day, respectively. The recently completed, the Borgfeld #1H and #2H wells, these are our first wells in Wilson County for 707 and 836 barrels of oil per day, respectively. We have 100% working interest in these wells.  To date, we drilled and completed 31 wells in the Eagle Ford. We currently have 25 wells waiting on completion, which will contribute to the second half oil growth this year. We're currently running five rigs and we'll ramp up to 12 by year end. One measure of the intensity of our future Eagle Ford development is that we plan to drill 245 gross wells in 2011 compared to 111 wells this year. The same story of consistent results holds true in our Bakken play. We have 12 rigs running there at a typical per well reserves for both the Core and the Lite are similar to those previously provided. Two recent Core wells, the Van-Hook 7-23H and Fertile 37-07H came online at 2,525 and 1,654 barrels of oil per day. We have 64% working interest in the Van-Hook well. That's a correction for the 99% we noted in our press release, and we have 81% working interest in the Fertile well. A few days ago, we also completed the Van-Hook 8-36 well for 2,100 barrels of oil per day, which will contribute to third quarter volumes. Another note is the three recent wells on the western part of our acreage near the Montana state line, our Round Prairie, Carat and Hardscrabble wells, recently tested at rates that are typical over Bakken Lite wells, giving us greater confidence in the western extent of our acreage spread. This year, we plan to drill 42 Core wells, 57 Lite and 18 Three Forks wells. We'll also be drilling some longer reach laterals and will have results by year end. We are still early in drilling 1,280 acre space wells.  A recent Eastern 1,280 space lateral is Palamo 2-18, which tested at 1,036 barrels of oil per day. In the Barnett Combo play, we're operating 14 rigs and our typical horizontal results are characterized by the Murray #1H well, which tested at 452 barrels of oil per day, with 2 million cubic feet of rich gas, and the Break 2H, which tested at 528 barrels of oil per day with 2 million cubic feet of rich gas. The King #1H and Olden B#1H wells were outlined in the press release and tested at 344 with 2.5 million cubic feet of gas, and 323 barrels of oil per day with 1.7 million cubic feet of gas. The Alamo B#6H well is still cleaning up and is producing 500 barrels of oil per day.  We've expanded our definition of the Core Combo from the previous 125,000 net acres to 150,000 net acres based on recent drilling results. In all areas of the Combo, except the East, our results were similar to our models. On the last quarter's call, I noted outstanding results from the Settle B# 1H well, which was a horizontal drilled in the 25,000-acre eastern portion of our play previously designated for vertical exploitation. After producing this well for three months, we estimate it will produce 260,000 barrels of oil, 412,000 barrels of NGLs and three Bcf, net after royalty, in residue gas or 1.1 million barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty, for a $4 million well costs, and a greater than 100% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return. These reserves are considerably higher than our model well estimates. Additionally, results from our second horizontal in this same area, the Richardson #3H, seem positive, is a 325 barrel oil per day restricted rate while still cleaning up after frac. Additionally, or accordingly, we've changed our 2010 Combo program toward more horizontals and less verticals in the eastern area. Our original plan was 126 horizontal and 120 vertical wells. Now it's 200 horizontals and 34 vertical wells. This switch from verticals to horizontals, with 100% rate of return, will likely increase the overall oil ore of the Combo play. I'll also note that we currently have several large multi-well patterns on after frac flowback, and we expect to see a significant increase in our Combo production in the second half. We also have some new data on our Colorado Niobrara play. We've completed two additional wells, the Critter Creek #02-03H and #04-09H, and they're producing at managed restricted rates of 570 and 600 barrels of oil per day, respectively. We have 100% working interest here. We have four rigs running in this play. But as we've previously stated, we want to observe production from these and earlier wells until year end, before we make a reserve estimate because the reservoir is heavily fractured. In Southwest Kansas, we also recently completed two nice shallow vertical wells with 100% working interest. The Cynthia 35-1 IPed at 1,700 barrels of oil per day, and the Brookover 8-2 well IPed at 260 barrels of oil per day. Several offsets to these wells are planned for the second half of the year. Returning to our natural gas assets, we're continuing to have good results in the Barnett gas window. We're running two rigs in the Barnett gas area and recently completed six more unit wells in Tarrant County with an average IP of 7.5 million cubic feet a day each, with 68% working interest. Our all-in total Barnett gas finding cost year-to-date is $1.48 per Mcf. In the Horn River Basin, we're completing 11 wells from our winter drilling program and anticipate having flow results on next quarter's call. In conjunction with Apache, we're making steady progress with Kitimat LNG, although we are still early into our project. The key to this project is securing an oil index LNG contract, and we're in the preliminary stages of discussions with potential off-takers. In summary, all our North American operations are proceeding as expected, but we've had recent upsides in the New Mexico Leonard Shale, the Eastern portion of the Barnett Combo and the Texas Haynesville. Outside North America, our Trinidad asset is currently in a producing node. We plan to begin development drilling in the Toucan field during the fourth quarter. In China, we've completed a second horizontal gas well, and it's performing okay, but not as good as our first well. By year end, we'll have completed two more gas wells and one oil well, and we can assess the overall program. Outside of operations, another part of our business plan this year involves the sale of some producing natural gas assets and some horizontal shale gas and oil acreage that we are looking to close by year end. This one encompass two separate packages. The first consists of Canadian shallow gas production of 170 million cubic feet of equivalents per day, which was put on the market two weeks ago. The second package will consist of 180,000 acres of domestic horizontal shale gas acreage in the Marcellus and Haynesville, and some rich gas and crude oil acreage in the Eagle Ford. We considered the JV related to this acreage, but instead decided on an outright sale because it's cleaner and less complicated. This acreage package is larger than we've contemplated three months ago. We spent about $1.7 billion over the last few years accumulating first mover horizontal shale acreage, and frankly, we have more good acreage now we can say grace over, given our manpower and capital structure plans. So we're going to monetize a bit in this acreage. Our intention is to close these sales by your end, and maintain a year end net debt-to-cap ratio of 25% or less for 2010 through 2012. You'll note that our estimated CapEx for this year has increased $500 million from prior estimates, primarily because of higher frac cost and the increased number of production facilities, particularly in the Eagle Ford. All of this incremental CapEx is related to oil projects, roughly 270 of the incremental $500 million is due to EOG installing oil facilities that we previously plan to have a third-party midstream company installed. We did this because of timing and cost issues. Even with this higher CapEx, we expect to maintain a year end net debt-to-cap ratio of 25% or less. I'll note that the potential sale of a small portion of our Eagle Ford acreage doesn't affect our 900 million barrel of oil equivalent, net after royalty, captured reserve estimate we previously provided. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy Driggers: For the quarter, capitalized interest was $19.8 million. For the second quarter 2010, total exploration and development expenditures were $1.3 billion excluding asset retirement obligations. Total acquisitions for the quarter were $4 million. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $55 million.  At quarter end, total long-term debt was $3.7 billion, and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 27%. At June 30, we had $650 million of cash, getting us non-GAAP net debt of $3.1 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 23%. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 46%, and the deferred tax ratio was negative 24%. Yesterday, with the earnings press release, we included a guidance table for the third quarter and updated full year 2010. For the full year 2010, the effective tax range is 40% to 50%. This higher range is due to the impact of international operations. We've also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the third quarter and for the full year. Transportation costs exceeded the second quarter guidance that we have provided, due to the impact of several firm transportation contracts in the North Dakota accrued by rail project. These marketing arrangements generally ensure more reliable markets and better prices for our products. During the second quarter, we had better realizations for both U.S. gas and U.S. crude oil. We sold our U.S. gas at a premium to Henry Hub during the second quarter. For the Bakken crude that is being shipped to Cushing by rail, we are realizing full WTI at Cushing.  Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Papa: I'll now provide a few macro comments. Regarding oil, we continue to be, what I'll call, rationally bullish, both short and long term. I'll note that 2010 global oil demand is currently expected to be 86 million barrels a day, the same level as in 2008. So oil demand has recovered from the global recession faster than almost anybody had predicted. The demand mix, of course, has changed, where China, India and the Middle East are bigger drivers than the OECD. Barring a doubled-dip recession will likely outlook for future oil prices. We have a small amount of oil hedged in the fourth quarter and have 6,000 barrels of oil a day hedged at $93.18 for 2011.  North American gas, however, is more opaque. One hopeful sign is that recent U.S. storage has been filling at a net 2.6 Bcf a day lower rate than last year. Since May 1, we've injected 244 Bcf less over 91-day period. Additionally, Canadian storage has swung 128 Bcf year-over-year, or 1.4 Bcf per day during the same period. Combined, this is a four Bcf a day storage tightening year-over-year since May 1. This may be due to either hot weather, strengthening industrial demand or supply declines.  We're also encouraged by the last two EIA-914 report showing flat production, which matches our internal models. We continue to be moderately bullish regarding short-term gas prices. We currently have 150 MMBtu per day hedged for 2011 at an average $5.44 price and 100 million BTU per day hedged for 2012 at an average of $5.44. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are two points to take away from this call. First, our conversion from a natural gas weighted to an oil weighted North American company is proceeding very well. All of our oil plays are performing similarly to what was presented in our April Analyst Conference, and we've now added a new Leonard Shale play. You'll recall that in our April conference, we specifically noted that our oil production growth would be lumpy and not in a straight line quarter-to-quarter and that's exactly what is occurring. This is the nature of the development of these horizontal assets for maximum reserve recovery, whereby we drill and complete a group of five to 15 wells together before bringing any of them to sales. I'll also note that as other E&P companies have subsequently proclaimed themselves to be liquids rich, the distinction between crude oil and lower-valued NGLs since to have been blurred.  To recap, our acreage in Eagle Ford, Bakken and the Niobrara, our crude oil perspective with minimum NGLs, or the Barnett Combo and Leonard plays, provide both crude oil and NGLs. Although we have some associated NGL growth, overall, our program is dominated by crude oil growth, specifically, we expect roughly 75% of our 2010, '11 and '12 liquids production to be crude oil and condensate and 25% to be NGLs.  And then our second closing point is that our capital plan is on track and consistent with that articulated at our Analyst Conference. Our intention is to shift this company to an oil mix organically, while maintaining a low debt level.  Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Scott Wilmoth, Simmons & Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: Just looking at the production guidance, there was a pretty healthy production ramp implied in second half 2010 in order to meet the midpoint of guidance and that's largely attributed to the U.S. You guys mentioned the Combo, being an area that will ramp significantly in second half. Are there other areas on a regional basis that are infrastructure bottlenecks or completion backlogs that are going to be relieved in second half 2010? Or is this ramp mostly going to be from increased drilling?
Mark Papa: The other areas where we're going to see increased production are the Niobrara and the Eagle Ford clearly, and also in the Bakken, some of our key plays. And I'd say this, we don't have that much that's truly infrastructure related. The key point here is that we basically batch drill these wells, then we batch complete them before bring any single well online. And so as we mentioned in our April conference, you can't project our production growth for either 2010, '11 and '12, that is a straight line quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. If you try and do that, it's just flat, not going to work. And it so happens that our second quarter production happen to be a quarter, where we were completing a lot of wells, but not bringing them to sales. And the third and fourth quarters are ones, where we're going to be kind of in the opposite of that cycle. We'll be bringing a lot more on sales relative to our operational activity.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: And then moving on to well costs, can you talk about well costs in general? And can you identify what regions you're seeing the most inflation?
Gary Thomas: Yes, we've seen most of the increase there in the South Texas, predominantly because of the Eagle Ford Shale and the Haynesville. And yes, those stimulation costs are up. And yes, we're working these, essentially new plays and EOG will find ways to secure stimulation services and suppliers in order to lower those costs.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: Can you quantify any of those increases?
Gary Thomas: Yes. We have the drilling costs, it's gone up about 3% predominantly on the rigs. Our average rig rates run at somewhere around 17.5% and about 17% first of the year. And stimulation cost have gone up anywhere from 10% to 40% just depending on the area. So you kind of factored in our well costs going up maybe somewhere around 6%.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: And then on your second sale package, you mentioned 180,000 acres. Can you give us the breakout between the plays on the acreage?
Mark Papa: Yes, we can give you a breakout. About 51,000 of that 180,000 are Marcellus acres in Bradford County, which is kind of in the sweetest spot of the Marcellus. About 117,000 acres are in Eagle Ford and some of that is in the dry gas, some of that is in the wet gas and some of that is in the oil window. So kind of broken in all three. And then a smaller amount, about 15,000 acres is in the Haynesville play.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: And then lastly, this second sale package and your Canadian shallow gas package expected to close by year end. How far does that get you guys along your total divestiture process?
Mark Papa: I mean, that's where we think we will be for all of 2010 and all of 2011 and '12. At this juncture, we don't plan any additional divestitures, except for maybe some very small things beyond these two packages.
Operator: Next is Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Mark, in your comments, you mentioned that you had created a proactive unique solution in the Barnett that you plan to apply to the Eagle Ford. Can you talk and add a little bit more color on that in terms of reducing some of the frac constraints, when you expect to have that in place and whether that would alleviate some of the reasons for perhaps why the Eagle Ford moved a little more slowly in the quarter?
Mark Papa: Kind for confidentiality purposes, Brian, but I'll give you a bit of a circuitous answer on that. There are two issues going on currently in the States and specifically in a place such as the Eagle Ford. One is just the availability of profit, whether that's sand, resin-coated sand or some kind of intermediates casing profit. There's a very, very tight market. And then the second thing is just the availability of pumping services, if you will. And although the service companies are expanding their unit of pumping services and it's probably going to lag the system a bit. And so we're going to address both of the issues, the profit and the pumping services in a way that we believe is going to give us a long-term cost advantage, but we don't want to go with a lot of specificity at this juncture. But our view is, we did a similar thing in the Barnett because we have very significant gas and, of course, the Combo liquids reserves. And we're talking about close to 1 billion barrels at the Eagle Ford, and so we're gearing up for something very long term and very permanent kind of a solution.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And when do you expect to have them in place? Is that something that will be gradual or is that something that is on the cusp of being completed?
Gary Thomas: It's gradual. It's in place currently, just very early stages. Most of that will take place in 2011
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Then lastly, I think in response to the previous question, you indicated that the asset sales, the two packages are really it for the next few years. Given that, how are you thinking about managing CapEx versus cash flow in 2011? Or should we just look at the 25% net debt to total cap as your main source of what you're gearing for there?
Mark Papa: Yes, I guess the bottom line on that, Brian, is that if we get the price that we think is a fair value for these two asset packages, plus with our expectations of how the carbon prices will be in 2011 and '12, the numbers kind of come out that we don't hit the 25% debt-to-cap level. We stay below that. So at this juncture, we don't look like we need to sell anything else. And so that's the way the plan works out. I don't want to go specifically into what we expect in terms of price for these packages, but I don't want to signal anything to prospective buyers, but that's the way we formulated our plan. We've accumulated so much acreage at such a cheap price over the last three years by being in the first mover position that gives us flexibility that some other people maybe don't have. And then we've looked at the JV piece of this thing and to us, the JV kind of complicates the issues. We end up using our manpower for something less than 100% working interest on there. And so we just thought it would be cleaner to kind of sever our position with an outright sale of this acreage.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: To conclude then, if you get the proceeds that you're looking for, you'll probably end below the 25% this year. And then I guess next year, maybe you do spend a little bit over cash flow to generate 19% growth? Or do you have plans to stay within cash flow next year to achieve that great rate of growth?
Mark Papa: No, as we would see it now, it's pretty consistent with what we said at our April Analyst Conference. We're likely to outspend our cash flow, our operating cash flow in 2010 and 2011 and then go positive on cash flow versus CapEx in 2012. And so what we need to do is get enough proceeds from these sales to cover us for the gap in both 2010 and 2011. That's what we believe.
Operator: And next is Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Mark, you talked about selling off assets to kind of cover the gap, free cash flow gap in 2011. What are you thinking on, on gas prices next year in terms of what you're forecasting to kind of get you there?
Mark Papa: Yes, pretty similar to $5.50 range. We're not counting on $7 gas prices next year. We take them as they come. But it's not a particularly aggressive gas price forecast. Pretty similar to what the NYMEX is indicating for '11 currently.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Jumping over to the Leonard Shale, I guess you guys reported two well results, horizontal well results that is and you had five others. Were those five others that you haven't disclosed rates on reasonably consistent over the two rates you reported, but those are the latest rates. Have you seen kind of improvement? Can you give us a little bit of chronology there?
Mark Papa: The chronology there is we drilled a short lateral and completed that well and brought it on production of about 300 days ago. And we just observe production and kind of kept quiet about the play for four or five months to just see, is the production going to fall off sharply or what's it going to level out at. And during that interim, once we felt good about it, we began to accumulate a bit more acreage there. And so as we would see it, we've now spend enough time with this play and have enough production history and drilled enough wells over the 31,000-acre portion of our 120,000 acres that we feel pretty good about that portion, and we feel pretty good about the production declines. The two wells that we were reporting, those wells have been online anywhere from 30 to maybe 40, 50 days. And they're more the 5,000-foot lateral length wells with the optimized fracs. So they're more typical of what we would expect on a go-forward basis. And then concurrently, we're drilling on some of the acreage outside the 31,000 acres. And at least for a portion of that, we feel pretty good. Some of it we just have to see, but a portion of the additional acreage has really been confirmed by some other E&P companies drilling good wells kind of around us.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I guess, just jumping back to your production guidance. You talked about sort of lumpy oil growth here, a lot of wells coming on in the second half of the year to boost volume. I guess looking at your U.S. gas production, you guys also had a pretty good increase in your forecast, about 150 million a day I think, second quarter to third quarter. I guess you mentioned a bunch of oil plays ramping up, what's going to happen on the gas side to get your guidance there?
Mark Papa: I meant to say, Leo, that the lumpiness is going to occur in both oil and gas for these horizontal plays. The two big drivers for the gas side in the third and fourth quarter volumes relative to earlier quarters, the biggest single driver is the Haynesville, another driver will be the Horn River in Canada, which will be -- we complete the wells in the summer and then bring them online about September or so. And then in our South Texas division, we expect to see some significant growth. The South Texas division will be partly from horizontals and partly from some vertical wells in the Frio and Vicksburg formation.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: In terms of the Niobrara, you guys talked about focusing on 100,000 of your 400,000 acres there. Is there any particular geologic reason you're focusing on that, or is that more just sort of infrastructure related?
Mark Papa: That's really infrastructure related. I mean, we drilled the first two wells in that area and they got a ton of publicity and then we just said, "Well, let's see whether we have enough sustained production here to justify putting in some infrastructure." And so we've been really drilling specifically in that area. Not so much because the other areas are less perspective but it's just we want to get a core area that can justify particularly some gas pipeline infrastructure in there.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Anything you're noticing about those last couple of Haynesville wells in terms of, why they're so strong? Any sort of geologic reasons and what are your well costs there on the Haynesville in that area?
Robert Garrison: I think they're pretty typical geologically. That Texas sweet spot at San Augustine County is that they're slightly deeper than it is in Louisiana PPD depths are probably 13,000, 14,000 feet as opposed to 11,000 or 12,000 in Louisiana. So you have more pressure, and rock quality is actually a little better as well. Some of the geologic characteristics, the amount of clay, the amount of total organic carbon are very both positive in that area. So it's pressure and well quality together. We think it's indicative of that whole Texas sweet spot. Where most of our acreage is concentrated frankly. Well costs, I'll turn it to Gary.
Gary Thomas: The well costs are just a little bit higher in the area, but we continue to make progress on drilling costs by just having program drilling going on there in the Haynesville and our drilling costs just down, really about 15%. But overall, we're looking at 30-plus percent rate return all-in on these Haynesville/Bossier play.
Operator: And Rob Morris with Citi has as our next question.
Robert Morris: You address a lot of my questions on the $250 million increase due to completion frac services per well, that's, if I do my math right, whether you're counting the full year or just second half wells, is about $500,000 to $1 million increase per well on those costs, which -- is that correct? That would sort of correspond to around the 30%, 40% increase in the completion cost in Eagle Ford and Haynesville, more toward the upper end of the range as was mentioned. Is that correct?
Gary Thomas: What it works out to is, just looking at the stimulation portion what portion that is of overall completion and then what portion that is of overall total well costs. We're looking at this percentage stimulation increasing our overall 2010 drilling completion CapEx by about $230 million.
Robert Morris: Right, which works you to about $500,000 to $1 million a well increase in costs versus what you've taken there before right?
Gary Thomas: Yes, that's pretty close.
Robert Morris: On the Barnett Combo, flow rate you highlighted today were a bit less than on the wells you highlighted in the first quarter. But apparently, you're restricting the flow rate there also like you're doing on gas in the Haynesville. Do you have any data or evidence that restricting that flow rate on the Barnett Combo or any of the other oil play you just have is actually improving the EORs or the economics there or how are you looking at that?
Mark Papa: Yes, the reasons for restricting in the Combo versus the Haynesville are a little bit different. There about in the Combo play, we frac those primarily with 100 mesh sand. And we noticed if we pull them too hard early on, you get a lot of frac sands flowback there, which could cut out your surface equipment and could damage your front frac. And so what we decided to do is just say, let's just put a choke in there essentially and just flow them back at restricted rates early on, mainly just to keep the sand from cutting out things. In the Haynesville, I'd tell you that -- so the Combo, it's almost become a mechanical necessity for us to do that. So what you can expect from future earnings calls are may be a little more modest production rates as we report. And mainly, we should arrest the declines a little bit. In terms of the overall reserves, we don't think we can ascribe at this point that reduced flowbacks is going to increase or decrease the reserves one way or another. We just don't have enough data.
Robert Morris: You didn't mention, I don't think, the well costs on the Niobrara wells. You gave the flow rate, but did you have how much it cost to drill those wells?
Timothy Driggers: Those, about $4 million.
Robert Morris: You mentioned the solution in the Eagle Ford similar to what you've done in the Barnett to sort of address the availability of pumping services. In the Barnett, you actually purchased your own sand mine. Looking down here in the Eagle Ford, can you utilize that sand here to offset some of those costs? Or might you look at acquiring profit manufacturer or another sand mine in addressing that issue?
Mark Papa: Yes, we don't want to go in too many specifics on that, but I mean, we need to kind of integrate upstream a little bit, if you will, to get our hands on some profits. And there are several ways to do that, which is we're very active in that. But for confidentiality reasons, we really don't want to go any further with the discussion on that right now, Bob.
Operator: And next, we hear from Irene Hass with Canaccord.
Irene Haas - Canaccord Genuity: Questions on Niobrara. Firstly, where are the Critter Creek wells located in relations to the Jake well? And how long was the lateral lengths and frac stage? Secondarily, on these fractured chalk plays, I want to ask you guys, are you staying away from the Silo Field on purpose? Anything to do with a fractured complexity? And then also as compared with your other oil resource plays, what are the nuances in dealing with the Niobrara chalk? And then sort of lastly, what is on your to-do list? How much more work would it take EOG to get comfortable in assigning a EUR and also a projection of what Niobrara could mean to EOG?
Loren Leiker: The Critter Creek wells are south and west of our Jake and Elmer wells that we talked about previously and a little bit north of our Red Poll wells. So they're all bunched together in what we call the Hereford prospect, that 100,000 acres of our total of 400,000 acres. So they're on 640 spacing currently. We're testing some closer spacing in there right now. Regarding your second question about why we avoided Silo, as we said at the analyst conference, we have mapped that whole basin and try to understand where the geologic sweet spots were, and actually, Silo mapped up as a geologic sweet spot. But we felt it was already fairly well developed, although there are possible extensions to that field, down spacing to that field. But we did not focus our leasing efforts there, because we felt like most of them is already HBP, and we, instead, [indiscernible] in the other sweet spots that we had met. Relative the other oil plays, the big question we have here is, what is the contribution from the flow that we're getting from fractures versus matrix? And really, we have not much to update you on from the analyst conference. We still are looking at production. We're watching how fast pressure declines with production and trying to understand, are we seeing matrix kick in or not. We think we're seeing some positive indications on some and not on others. It's just too soon to tell. What we believe is it'll take the rest of this year. They're closely monitoring these wells and wells that we'll be drilling between now and then to really understand, is it going to be a very, very large play that includes matrix contribution? Or is it simply going to be strong economic good rate of return play but with less overall reserves because we have two space it at maybe 640s or 320s, instead of 163. So that's the big question we're trying to deal with right now. We are testing a lot of different kinds of completions and proppants and spacing and trying to understand what we can do to enhance matrix contribution, but it really is too soon to tell.
Irene Haas - Canaccord Genuity: The two wells, are they -- how long are the lateral lengths?
Mark Papa: They're about 5,500 spud in length, Irene. And as Loren was saying, there's a whole lot of experimenting going on with our stimulation treatments to try to determine how we best stimulate the matrix in order to determine individual wells EURs to make an estimate of potential here.
Operator: Joe Allman with JPMorgan has a question.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a follow-up on the two Critter Creek wells, so just to confirm, you stimulated both those wells?
Mark Papa: Yes. They were stage frac-ed and the exact methodology of the stage frac is kind of what we're experimenting with. Since the Niobrara seems to be of some interest to everybody, I mean we'll give you a little more color on the -- the Jake and Elmer wells appeared to be kind of stabilizing each at about 150 barrels of oil per day. And of course, remember that the first six months, they had pretty significant production, I think, 50,000 barrels or so in the first six months or whatever. So I'd say, overall, we're still cautious. We don't want to proclaim victory but we're getting a little more positive feeling than we had three months ago, particularly in observation of the Jake and Elmer wells, since those wells have a little longer line. But it's almost an issue of, okay, is this going to be, as Loren said, a very large oil reserve accumulation? Or is this going to be a more moderate size oil reserve accumulation? That's kind of the where we stand today on the overall play.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And, Mark, are you selling any of your acreage there in the Niobrara?
Mark Papa: Yes, we've got some acreage that, again, we just flat can't get to all the acreage that we've accumulated, and so we have some acreage there that we're on the process of disposing. What we really did, we made kind of a choice in the company, and we said, okay, we've got a plethora of acreage and whether it's on these shale gas plays or the oil plays. And for us, to properly address all that acreage, we would have to be running in 2011 and '12 well over 100 drilling rigs. And we would be, I would say, as a company, a little bit out of control in terms of optimally managing those 100-plus drilling rigs. And we could do it and they will be great, but it's a bit of an uncomfortable position. So what we decided to do is, we said, "What do we really need to hit those growth targets that we've put out there for 2011, '12 and go forward? And do we really want to try and be in a little more controlled environment as far as our operational environment and maybe monetize a bit of this acreage?" So that's a little bit of the philosophy that's taken us to this asset acreage monetization strategy. We're going to be go on pretty much to the max in terms of our operational effectiveness in the second half of this year and in 2011 and '12, and we really don't want to go past that limit just because we have acreage that needs to be serviced, if you will.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So how much acreage are you selling there in the Niobrara?
Timothy Driggers: Well, it's probably somewhere around 20,000, 30,000 acres.
Mark Papa: Yes, out of 400,000. So again, it's not half our acreage or anything like that, not even close to it.
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on LNG, how are the discussions going related to the oil index contracts?
Mark Papa: Yes, still early days. I'd say we've got positive signs. And I'm sure if you ask Apache, who we're with working very closely, you'd get the same feedback, that discussions are in the very early stages. The way I'd gauge this whole project is, it's about the whole LNG project, it's probably a 10-step project, and right now, we were probably at step two. We've got step one done, step two is looking pretty good, but it's just -- I'd say all the elements are there to make this project come together. But it would be the first LNG project built by a non-major company and also would be the first LNG project built in North America as export project, except one that's in Alaska that was built 20 or so years ago. So we have to realize that what we're taking on there is pretty big scope, but the prize also is very big. It's not going to move on a just a rapid timeline in terms of -- we don't want to set any expectations that on the next quarter call, we say, "Eureka, the project's a done and we're moving forward with it." It's going to evolve a bit more slowly than that.
Operator: David Heikkinen, Tudor, Pickering, Holt, is next.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just to follow-up on Kitimat, thinking about the project and when you would start actually investing capital. And then if we think about project financing as well, would that impact to your 25% net debt to total cap threshold, if you project financed? And then when would you actually start investing capital?
Mark Papa: Online, Dave, as we would see it now for this plant would be probably 2015. So the big CapEx investments would probably be 2013 or so. And one -- as we've talked about selling down our interest in several of these shale gas acreage plays, the one area that you have not heard me mention at all is the Horn River. And we have a enough acreage up there where we believe we have 9.5-or-so net PCF. And one option we have there is to bring someone in who might be an off taker into the acreage position, and use that to get some of our net funding for the LNG plant. So we've got several kind of tools there. I mean one is project financing. So I would say overall, our view is, the 25% net debt to cap is going to be our target throughout this LNG project also.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then on the asset monetization strategy, given some good operational explanations for selling versus joint ventures. Can you give us some thoughts around kind of rate of return or cost of capital difference for joint ventures versus asset sales?
Mark Papa: Yes, we haven't really gone down that road on there in terms of that. It's just we've only got a certain staffing level here, and we can expand it a bit. But we can't expand it, double it in a couple of year period. And the question really boils down to, do we want to devote some of our scarce staffing level to basically educating someone else on a shale play and we do 100% of the technical work for perhaps a 50% net interest in the production or so? And we would just prefer to do 100% of the technical work for 100% of the production, and so it's almost a philosophical issue more than a calculated financial issue when compared to rates of return. And we can do that because we are so long on acreage relative to what we can logically develop during a reasonable period of time, so that's why we're looking at going that around.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then a little more technically speaking, on the Eagle Ford, you had relatively low GOR. Really interested in your thoughts around drive mechanism and recovery factors as compared to some of your gassier plays that you're experts in?
Mark Papa: Yes, we're still looking at a limited job mechanism and a recovery factor there of, perhaps 3%, maybe 4% of the oil in plays as we'd see it there. It's not a water driver. It's more -- it's basically going to be just an expansion drive reservoir there. But again, it's early days in terms of Eagle Ford. I'd tell our staff that if one of the big integrated companies had essentially 1 billion barrel oil discovery somewhere, they would probably have 200 technical people assigned to only that project. And we certainly don't have 200 technical people assigned to this essentially 1 billion barrel project. And so I'd say, we've got it identified as far as length, width, pretty darn well, but there's a lot of other things that we're going to be working on and just kind of try to optimize. So what is the right spacing here? Where is the right location that we can drill a well in this? In some portions, you have two targets perhaps, upper and lower Eagle Ford. In other portions, you only have one target. And then there's also the potential of you have the Austin Chalk and the Buda that are very dear to Eagle Ford there. That some of our explorationists are clamoring to drill some wells in because they feel there are significant potential in those that we certain haven't had in anywhere. So what I'd offer to you is, this year, as we mentioned on our April conference, this is just a very slow start-up year for the Eagle Ford. And we'll probably shift from low gear to second gear in 2011 in the Eagle Ford, and then third gear in 2012 and maybe high gear in 2013 or so. It's just -- it's not one we're going to able to just turn it on and have these rapid volumes, and we'll be learning the whole time come. That's why we're going a bit more slowly here with only five rigs. If we're making any errors, I think technically, we don't want to multiply it times 14 or 15 rigs at this time. So that's more of an answer than you want to get, David.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then just on the Montana Bakken, your well result and just kind of differences. Can you give us any thoughts around types of completions? Or any differences in how you have completed those wells, and how you might complete them going forward?
Mark Papa: Basically, we're -- a primarily external packers on a lot of those things. In terms of the reserve levels that we're seeing, we're seeing situations where it appears like the reserves are very similar to our Bakken Lite reserves that we articulated in April conference. And we'll probably be going to longer laterals out there, perhaps 7,500-foot laterals in that area. So the reason we kind of pointed it out is that there wasn't all that much drilling in kind of Western North Dakota, Eastern Montana portion of the acreage we had. And we always had a little bit of question mark, is it going to be good that far out? And we feel it's been answered in a positive manner now.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Biju Perincheril with Jefferies & Co.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: When you look at 2011 activity levels and to the extent that you can talk about those, I mean are there any areas where you would see activity slowing down? I'm thinking Niobrara, Eagle Ford. Those activity levels haven't been rising to offset that?
Mark Papa: Yes, I'd say that our Rocky Mountain gas development, we're not planning on doing much anything there and not even slow it down a bit year-to-year. Mainly because that acreage is all held by production in there, and we will be ramping up in several of the oil plays as we go forward.plays
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Would it be fair to say, net-net, you'd be looking at a higher rig count in 2011, slightly?
Mark Papa: Yes, probably. We haven't finalized any plans yet, but that's likely. And it's a higher rig count, 100% of the incremental rig count will be to those -- for oil projects.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And the Niobrara, I think one of the wells that you talked about at the analyst meeting was unstimulated completion, I think it was the Red Poll. How is that production holding up versus the other two that you mentioned that are stabilizing around 150 barrels a day?
Mark Papa: Yes, that was -- we tried an unstimulated hole there, kind of an open hole completion. And what we ended up doing, post-analyst meeting is, we went in and cleaned it out and did more of a case-hole completion. And that well appears to be stabilizing in about 400, 500 barrels of oil per day. So it -- really, right now, what we call the Hereford ranch share, we've got five new wells pretty good. So let's say, we're warming up to the play consciously.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then lastly, on the Leonard Shale, you'd said the production characteristics sort of similar to the Barnett Combo. But when you look at the rocks here today, would you say it more similar to the Eagle Ford in terms of [indiscernible] and the rock properties?
Gary Thomas: No. I think the Upper Bone Spring or Leonard, as we call it, is probably more similar to the Marcellus or Barnett or something like that, not to the Haynesville. It's more of a silica basis. It's got plenty of oil in plays for sections and it is a Combo-type three, probably a pretty good-sized play. It covers a large [indiscernible]. There's a lot of stratigraphic variation in play, both in the target itself and then in the barriers that you have, the amount saturation in the gas. So a lot to be learned by industry in that entire play right now.
Mark Papa: Okay. Thank you everyone for listening, and we'll talk to you again in three months.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Timothy Driggers - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs David Tameron - Wachovia David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt David Kistler - Simmons & Company Irene Haas - Canaccord Adams Ltd. Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets Michael Jacobs - Private Investor
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to EOG Resources 2010 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing First Quarter 2010 Earnings and Operational Results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Effective January 1, 2010, the SEC now permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve disclosures on this conference call and webcast, including those for the South Texas, Eagle Ford, North Dakota, Bakken, Three Forks, Barnett Shale, Haynesville-Bossier and Horn River place may include potential reserves, or estimated reserves, not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference, the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our Press Release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP Operations; Bob Garrison EVP Exploration; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President of Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website last night, and we included second quarter and updated full year 2010 guidance in yesterday's press release. We remain on track to achieve 13% total company organic production growth this year, dominated by U.S. liquids production.  I'll now review our first quarter net income and discretionary cash flow and then I'll provide some operational highlights. Tim Driggers will provide some financial details and I'll close with some macro comments and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the first quarter, EOG reported net income of $118 million or $0.46 per share for investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income, to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain one-time adjustments as outlined in the press release. EOG's first quarter adjusted net income was also $118 million or $0.46 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts and focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the first quarter was $765 million.  I'll now address a few operational results. Our report today will be brief, since it's been only a few weeks since our April 7 Analyst Conference. The bottom line is that everything is on track, consistent with the information we provided at the conference. We still expect to grow total production 13% this year, with year-over-year liquids growth of 47%. Our projected CapEx level is unchanged, and we still expect to sell $1 billion to $1.5 billion of North American gas properties by year end. Also, we're investigating joint venture possibilities for our Marcellus and Horn River Shale gas acreage. The only new data since April 7 are a series of individual well results in some of our key plays. Most of these well results simply reinforce the overall Analyst Conference theme, but one well may have particular significance. This well was in the Barnett Combo play where we've completed our best producer to date. The Settle B #1H well began producing at a rate of 1,852 barrels of oil per day, with 3.7 million cubic feet a day of liquids rich gas and we yield reserves considerably higher than our model horizontal well. This well was significant because it was drilled in the eastern portion of the play in the 25,000 acres we had designated for vertical drilling.  The rock quality in this 25,000-acre area is the best in the play, which is why vertical wells are economic. However, if we can replicate the Settle results with additional horizontal wells, and these 25,000 acres can be exploited at a higher ROR and reserve recovery than we projected for vertical wells, we'll soon be drilling additional horizontals here and we'll apprise you of the results later this year. In addition to the Settle well, we've also completed a number of horizontal wells in the Barnett combo play. The Alamo #1H, #2H and #3H wells were drilled on 55-acre spacing in Montague County. The wells began producing at a combined rate of over 900 barrels of oil per day, with 2.4 million cubic feet a day, and we have 97% working interest in these wells. Our other well results are simply further confirmations of our key oil plays. In the Eagle Ford, we've completed our 17th oil well, the Harper #4H, which IP'd at 602 barrels of oil per day with 650 Mcf of gas per day. Not only we delineated our 120-mile Eagle Ford acreage, we're going to moderate our drilling activity for a few months until we have our 3D seismic shock and interpret it. So don't expect constant Eagle Ford news flow from EOG until late this year. Remember that our analyst conference data showed we expect to average only 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from the Eagle Ford this year, factoring in the lag period for the 3Ds. We completed the Lee Senial [ph] #22-6 and Austin #23-32 wells with IP rates of 1,060 and 955 barrels of oil per day respectively. We also completed the Van Hook 11-2 well for 1,565 barrels of oil per day. In the Lite, we completed the Sidonia #18-14 and the Ross #21-4 for 719 and 604 barrels of oil per day respectively. I'll note that these reference wells are all 648-acre laterals. We're currently drilling our first 1,280 acre lateral wells to test optimization. Now that the North Dakota weather has improved, we'll be intensifying our well completion and frac operations for the next five months.  In the midcontinent horizontal Cleveland oil play, we recently completed the Appel 438 #5H and #6H wells, which came online for 1,000 at barrels of oil per day with 2.5 million cubic feet of gas and 840 barrels of oil per day with 1 million cubic feet of gas per day, respectively. The Cleveland is one of our hybrid oil plays. This is a conventional oil reservoir where we've applied horizontal drilling and completion technology, increasing reserves per well by a factor of four, versus vertical drilling and greatly improving the economics of the play.  In summary, our three big horizontal plays; the Barnett Combo, Eagle Ford and Bakken, are performing as or better than expected. We don't have any new data on the Niobrara Play and it will be yearend before we can provide an intelligent assessment of the potential Niobrara reserves on our 400,000 net acres in the DJ Basin of Northeast Colorado and Southeast Wyoming. Our gas resource plays are all performing as expected, and we don't have any other further updates since our recent conference. In terms of our Gulf of Mexico exposure, about 1% of our total North American production is from the Gulf and we are not active drillers in this area. The current hold on new drilling in the Gulf does not have any impact on our operations.  Outside North America, we're still continuing our one-rig operation in China and this summer we'll be completing two additional wells to see if we can replicate the results of our successful first well. In Trinidad, we've had some good production history from our successful first quarter #PA-12 well, and it's flowing at a rate of 59 million cubic feet a day, with 4,000 barrels of condensate a day. Outside of operations, another part of our 2010 business plan involves the sale of some producing natural gas assets by year-end. We're focusing on selling our Canadian shallow gas properties and will have them on the market by midyear. Also, we're in the preliminary stage of investigating joint venture partners for our Marcellus and Horn River shale gas acreage where we would retain a significant interest and continue to operate. It's not at all certain that we'll implement a JV, but at least we'll investigate it.  I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Timothy Driggers: Capitalized interest for the quarter was $18.4 million. For the first quarter 2010, total exploration and development expenditures were $1.1 billion excluding asset retirement obligations. Total acquisitions for the quarter were $16 million including contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of $3 million related to a previously-disclosed unproved property acquisition. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $61 million.  At quarter end, total debt outstanding was $2.8 billion and the debt-to-total-capitalization ratio was 22%. At March 31, we had $230 million of cash, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $2.6 billion, for a net-debt-to-total-cap ratio of 20%. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 40%, and the deferred tax ratio was 46%.  Yesterday, we included a guidance table with the earnings press release for the second quarter and updated full year 2010. For the full year 2010, the effective tax range is 35% to 45%. We've also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the second quarter and for the full year.  For the full year 2010, EOG's price sensitivity for each $0.10 per Mcf change in wellhead natural gas prices is approximately $30 million for net income and $45 million for operating cash flow. For the full year 2010, EOG's price sensitivity for each $1 per barrel change in wellhead crude oil from condensate price, combined with a related change in NGL price, is approximately $22 million for net income and $33 million for operating cash flow.  Now I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Before I summarize, I want to cover a few items on the capital side. We mentioned at our analyst conference that we plan to maintain a low debt-to-cap ratio while still achieving the high level of organic production growth over the next three years that have been laid out for you. We intend to manage the net debt-to-cap ratio to a maximum of 25% by either selling mature North American natural gas properties, generating $1 billion to $1.5 billion of pre-tax proceeds by year end 2010, or by taking in a joint venture partner on a large natural gas shale position. Taking either scenario into account with the current NYMEX strip, we should be in a free cash flow position by 2012. I'll now provide a few macro comments, which are consistent with our April 7 presentation. Regarding oil, we're rationally bullish; both short and long-term. We recently implemented some oil hedges. For September to December 2010, we hedged 2,000 barrels of oil per day at $91.50 and for the full year of 2011, we put in place a hedge position covering 6,000 barrels of oil per day at a price just above $93. We will likely implement additional oil hedges, should the market present further opportunities.  Regarding North American gas, we're short-term moderately bullish and long-term rather bearish. We think last week's EIA-914 downward revision was only about one-third of what we calculate, so we continue to believe the market is tighter than common perception. We'll be watching the storage build this summer to confirm or disprove our thesis. We currently have only a very small 2010 gas hedge position and don't think this is the time to be adding gas hedges. Now, let me summarize. In my opinion, there are three points to take away from this call: First, the individual well data points we provided today give further affirmation that our key horizontal oil plays are performing as or better than expected. Second, although we haven't walked through any individual details today, all of our gas plays are all performing as expected. And finally, our capital plan is consistent with what we articulated in detail on our April 7.  Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Jacobs at Tudor Pickering Holding Company.
Michael Jacobs - Private Investor: Mark, when I think about your planned Haynesville activity, specifically as it relates to -- not just drilling a hole, but rather maximizing activity per section to focus on efficiencies -- have you considered tempering the pace of activity in the Haynesville until prices strengthen? And if not, what would it take for you to slow down 2010 activity and play catch up in 2011?
Mark Papa: Yes, it's -- our current rig activity there in the Haynesville is about 11 rigs and we've projected our total North American gas close this year is going to be in the range of 1% to 2%. So we're very cognizant of the fact that the gas market has got a whole lot of gas in storage right now and the last thing we need is everybody to be drilling a zillion gas wells in North America. And so what we've done is, we've tempered, significantly, our gas drilling in all those discretionary areas such as in our Rocky Mountain gas drilling area, and we've considerably slowed down in the Barnett Shale where we've got most of our acreage vested. And so that kind of leaves us with three places where we have to drill a certain amount to hold acreage. The biggest of those is the Haynesville and then we've got the Marcellus and, to some degree, the Horn River. At this stage, we're going to stick with our plan of running roughly 11 rigs and generating that 1% to 2% North American gas production growth. I guess if gas were to fall south of $4 and we were to believe that it was just going to stay there permanently, we'd reassess that. But that's not our current view right now, Michael.
Michael Jacobs - Private Investor: My second question relates to your typical Eagle Ford well, and I know you've got two areas. But when I think about the Eagle Ford, it seems like there's two numbers, an upper and a lower Eagle Ford and that operators to the south and west of your acreage are primarily targeting the lower number. How does that compare to where you're placing wells on your Eagle Ford acreage, and where do you think you're getting contribution from?
Mark Papa: Most of our wells today have targeted the lower Eagle Ford, which is a bit thicker, at least on our acreage than the upper Eagle Ford. But we do recognize that the upper Eagle Ford potentially may be a target, perhaps even a separate target, in terms of things. But you can pretty well mark that the vast the majority of our wells, so far, have been lower Eagle Ford completions.
Michael Jacobs - Private Investor: You mentioned JV in the Marcellus and the Horn River; are you going to running concurrent data runs [ph] and looking for best price or is there a preference to JV in one asset over the other, outside of price?
Mark Papa: Yes, the JV concept -- in the Horn River, as you're aware, we're working this Kitimat on that potential LNG project up there, although we don't have anything definitive to report. And so, the concept of what we do in the Horn River will be a function of how things shake out with this Kitimat LNG project. So that area is likely to move a bit more slowly in terms of a JV. The one that's on a bit faster track is the Marcellus, and we will be looking at an organized approach to screen interested parties to look and see if we can bring someone in there. And so I would say, the Marcellus, by year end, we should have an answer as to: Are we going to do one? And if so, what are the terms? The Horn River will be a function more of what happens to the Kitimat project. And then, the Haynesville, we have no plans at this time to even consider a JV in that particular area.
Operator: We'll go to the next question from Dave Kistler from Simmons & Company.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company: Real quickly on the JVs, in the event that those perhaps don't come through or there's any issues selling the shallow gas assets in Canada, would you look to revise the capital budgets to maintain a goal of free cash flow positive by 2012?
Mark Papa: Dave, I mean, that's a very hypothetical question. The way we look at it now, we've got two tracks to meet our capital plan. Either track should be able to do it on its own. The one is to sell some of these Canadian shallow gas properties, and get the price that we would hope. But, if the market for gas properties just utterly collapses, then the second thing would be to do the JV in the Marcellus. And by our calculations, either one of those will get us where we need to be in terms of the debt-to-cap ceiling. So at this stage, the question would be: Theoretically, if all of our plans fail, what is going to happen? But I'd say, right now, the best thing to do is to take the process we laid out on the April 7 Analyst Conference in terms of capital plan and the volume growth, and that is currently our best case estimate as to how this thing is going to play out.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company: Jumping over to the Barnett Combo and the additional horizontals that you've been doing over there, can we just talk a little bit about what the cost of those look like and how the service intensity of those horizontal wells is increasing? What that may mean from a cost perspective as far as cost creep on the service side?
Mark Papa: Specifically relating to that Settle well, in that vertical area? Is that what you're ...
David Kistler - Simmons & Company: Yes.
Mark Papa: I guess the best way to explain it is: This 25,000 acres that we've got, that, in our Analyst Conference we said, well that's going to be designated for vertical drilling. We always knew that was the best quality acreage, but it's also the most tectonically complex; a lot of thrust faults and so on and so forth. And we had success with the vertical wells and so we said well, because this is complex geology, you can't image in 3D too well there, verticals are the way to go, and they give a pretty healthy return. And then we said, well, before we just commit vast quantities to verticals, let's try horizontal and see what happens. And this horizontal well, the Settle well has turned out much, much better than, frankly, than any horizontal combo well we've drilled so far; and it's kind of startling to us. And so the game plan now is to -- we've got a lot of verticals that we've already drilled that we'll be completing and we'll expect to get the typical results there. On the horizontals, we're just going to see if we can replicate the Settle results. The horizontal wells are going to cost us about $3.5 million a well. The verticals would be, I believe, it's about $2.1 million a well. So you have to get more reserves. But, right now, based on the Settle results, if we can replicate that, there's a pretty fair chance we'll just eliminate the vertical program and go to a horizontal program. But we need to drill three or four more wells to see if the Settle is an outlier or is that a typical well we can expect in this area.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company: Given that it's difficult to image with 3D there, do you think it's going to be necessary to be drilling vertical wells to then tie in the horizontals or be able to see the best place to lay the horizontals?
Mark Papa: Yes, we've done that. We've drilled a fair amount of verticals, so we've got some control points. Usually, for example in Montague County, we try and target an individual zone in the Barnett and we can image in 3D and so we'll stay within perhaps a 50-foot targeted zone for a whole lateral length. We're not going to be able to do that over in these 25,000 Cooke County acres because you've got so many thrust faults and it's just tectonically more complex. But the question is, even though we can't stay in one individual layer, is the rock quality so much better there that that offsets the fact that we'll be going through multiple layers? And it's an interesting challenge, but it's fair to say right now, none of us expected the Settle well to be as strong as it is, so we're just kind of rethinking, what's the best way to deal with it?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Singer at Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: A follow question with regard to the Barnett Combo; when you look at the potential additional areas that the Settle well could make perspective, is it just limited to the 25,000 acres that you mentioned on your existing acreage or does it also potentially extend the play to the east, which I guess might go into acreage that you don't have.
Mark Papa: The way to look at that, Brian; it really does not extend the acres. What it says is, for the 25,000 acres that we laid out at Analyst Conference is -- we gave a reserve estimate there, assuming it's drilled with vertical wells. And if we can really drill that with horizontal wells, and it looks like they would be pretty closely spaced horizontal wells, from what we can tell, then the aggregate reserve estimate for that 25,000 acres will go up and the aggregate rate of return for the investment for that 25,000 acres will be higher also. But it doesn't really extend the likely acreage that we consider good.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Just a clarification with regards to the asset sales, the $1 billion to $1.5 billion; is that you're expectation now, just from the Canadian shallow gas assets? Is it your expectation from total asset sales? Does the potential proceeds or carries in a joint venture get worked into that number? I know you kind of touched on it, but can you just kind of clarify how we should put the $1 billion to $1.5 billion in context with the various options you're considering for asset sales?
Mark Papa: The potential JV is not worked into that number, so that would be something that would be added to, as to whatever these property sales are. And we're looking at -- in Canada, it's about 150 million cubic feet a day of gas. Your typical shallow gas in southwestern Saskatchewan and southern Alberta -- and there's also an amount that has a lot of down spacing potential, we feel, of the coal bed methane kind of gas in an area that we call a Twining area. It's similar to the coal bed methane areas that other companies have been developing out there. So that's our game plan and we'll just see how it turns out. We're in the fortunate position that if we don't get the prices we want, we're not that financially strapped where we absolutely have to sell it to meet the debt covenants or anything like that. So we've got a fair amount of discretion as to how we play this thing.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Can you just comment on cost trajectory, maybe even beyond the period this year, where you provided some guidance, that as you think about the oil-to-gas mix shifting and as you see current cost trends and your expectations unfolding, how should we expect those particular operating expenses as we go into 2011?
Mark Papa: Yes, I mean, we haven't done a real thorough analysis ourselves of 2011 or 2012 unit costs on this. But directionally, what we would say is our D&A has turned out a bit higher than we've projected. That's due to some to start-up costs in plays like the Eagle Ford and some of these other plays where we've spent a lot of money on the front end to establish the play, and we don't have that much production yet. So we think that that's not a trend that you can extrapolate into '11 and '12. On the LOE cost though, it's pretty well certain that the cost to operate oil wells are going to be higher than cost to operate gas wells. So, I'm not quite as sanguine that we'll be able to contain that with gas well levels as we become an oil company over the next couple of years.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Leo Mariani at RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Wanted to clarify something on the gas-growing [ph] front in North America. You guys are talking about running 11 rigs this year and it sounds like all of those in the Haynesville – did I hear that right; that pretty much the rest of your North American program isn't going to see anything on the joint side?
Mark Papa: No, that's just our gas rigs that are running in the Haynesville. The way to look at our capital budget is, that, of our 2010 CapEx: About 75% of it is devoted to oil or liquids rich gas; 25% is devoted toward what we call dry gas drilling, and of that 25%, the biggest single chunk of that is the Haynesville. But there are also increments in there for the Marcellus and for the Horn River and a much smaller increment in there for the Barnett Johnson County stuff.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Is there a way to quantify that Haynesville versus other on the U.S. gas side, in terms of percentage of capital?
Mark Papa: Yes, I would guess the Haynesville might be half of that 25%; maybe 12% and then the remaining 13% chopped up among the other plays articulated there, Leo.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay.
Mark Papa: It's tough call, here. It's a logical question. Is it the [indiscernible]? We do vis a vis the Haynesville, but our read is that: One, it's hard for anybody to predict long-term gas prices, we can take a stab at it, but we're wrong as often as we are right. So, at this point, we are not anxious to forfeit any of that Haynesville acreage and just give it up.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: You guys talked about slowing down your Eagle Ford program in the short-term, and as you're kind of waiting for 3D seismic. Are you starting to see some noise in the rock out there, or any type of carson or faulting or anything like that that's causing your results to be suboptimal and you're waiting for the seismic? Can you just give a little more color on that?
Mark Papa: Nothing that surprises us at all. We've got quite of lot of 2D and there is some vertical control, wo we know where the faulting is. We just want to get a better handle on how to design the actual lateral wells to take advantage of what we already know. So no real surprises there.
Mark Papa: Some of the laterals we've drilled, because we only have 2D seismic now, going at 3D are, what we call, short laterals; 2,000, 2,500 feet. And ideally, with 3D seismic, we can make future wells in the longer laterals and it should have higher reserves per well. And then the concept of what we like to do in any of these plays is pick the sweetest part of a certain zone, for example in the Eagle Ford, there's probably a 20, 30-foot section that we consider the sweetest part of the Eagle Ford. And we want to keep the lateral in there for the whole length and that's pretty hard to do without 3D seismic. So our view is that once we get the 3D seismic shot interpreted, then we can go back and start a pretty intensive drilling program. And, there's a fair chance we're going to end up with better wells than the first 17 just because we've targeted more accurately. So that's why, if you look at that graph we provided on April 7 there, as to the production growth coming out of Eagle Ford, the 2010 production growth coming out of Eagle Ford is really pretty miniscule; 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and we really don't get cranked up until '12 to start showing significant production growth. So we've got that planned into our program, into our three-year volume growth side, and we never expected that we were going to have vast amounts of Eagle Ford production this year.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Jumping over to the Permian basin, just trying to get a sense of what your current acreage position is out there?
Mark Papa: We've got some legacy acreage and items like that. But we don't have anything definitive to report right now on anything in the Permian Basin.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And obviously, with oil prices being pretty high and clearly, you guys are the technical leader in the horizontal drilling side, just curious as to whether or not you guys are starting to pick up activity out there?
Mark Papa: Yes, we just don't have anything to disclose to you at this time relating to that, Leo.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: On China, obviously, you had the well results you guys announced around your Analyst Day there. Just curious as to whether or not that well has actually been producing or that just in test phase at this point in time?
Mark Papa: That well we talked about at the conference has been on production for, I would say about three months now. It's got fairly long-term history for us and it's quite stable, so we're pleased with what we're seeing so far. What we need to know is; can we replicate that? And we're in the process of drilling with that Rig that Mark talked about. Additional wells in that zone, as well as the oil zone we mentioned in the conference on April 7, and we hope to have more completions by late summer. And then we have some production history to be able to comment on those. We're targeting end of the year to really make a decision on all that.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Can you remind us; what your acreage position is over there in China?
Mark Papa: 130,000 acre contiguous rectangular block, in the center of the Szechuan basin.
Operator: And our next question is from Irene Haas with Canaccord.
Irene Haas - Canaccord Adams Ltd.: This is on the wells you're working on in Montague County. The Alamo A unit 1, 2, 3? The spacing of 55 acres is roughly about 450 feet? Can you give us a little more color on how and why these wells are spaced? And how many do you have spread between Barnett A, B and C zones? Is this one of your concept of developing these wells in sort of a rolling multi-well pattern?
Mark Papa: Yes, Irene, you're correct. Most of this area is being staggered with the spacing being in the 400 to 500 foot between laterals. And yes, we'll just comment that these three wells, the net EUR for these wells was 343,000 barrels equivalents per well, that fits our 337,000 we're seeing there for the horizontals on the average.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Ray Deacon at Pritchard Capital.
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets: Mark, can you talk about the gas-oil ratio in the Barnett Combo play? Does that vary at all in Cook County versus Montague?
Mark Papa: Yes. In the entire play – we've got a bar chart in the analyst slides, but it's roughly about a third, a third of a third over the life; NGLs, crude oil and natural gas. In terms of Cook County ratio versus the Montague County, we haven't detected a big difference there from that third, third, third ratio. I'd say we [ph] keep across the whole combo play. That's the best knowledge we have today on that.
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets: One more on the Marcellus. I saw that a lot of the acreage is in that Elk, McKean County in your JV with Seneca, and I was wondering is it just lack of activity that might explain the lower IP rates there or do you think that, that area is just going to prove to be more tight and maybe less economically attractive than other parts of the Marcellus? Or is it too early to know?
Mark Papa: Yes, I guess the real answer is, it's too early to know. Because I'm not sure that we've put our best foot forward yet on learning how to complete those wells. We have some completions that we're going to start, actually, in just a few weeks here, from some wells we've already drilled in that part of the Marcellus play, and we would hope to improve on the results we've had to date. I think it is fair to say that it's probably not going to be as highly pressured there as it is in the deeper parts of the trough in the Marcellus basins. So, we're not expecting five, six Bcf kind of wells. I think, like we said at the conference, we're expecting more like 3.5, maybe 4 Bcf per well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from David Tameron at Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Mark, you mentioned about the lateral lengths and then maybe you're doing some longer laterals. I don't have the analyst book in front of me, but you had talked about longer laterals in the East – I'm sorry, shorter in the east and longer in the west I believe, at the Analyst Conference? Are you changing assumptions in the east? Can you just talk more about that?
Mark Papa: The productivity seismic that we have, the geology is a bit more complex in the east of the Eagle Ford and it's a bit more simple as you go west in the Eagle Ford. And kind of offsetting that is, the rock quality in the east appears to be a little bit better than in the west. And so the point is, if we drill, particularly in the east, off of just the 2D seismic – that old 2D seismic -- there's a pretty fair chance that if we try and drill longer laterals, we're just going to cross some sort of a fault. And so, what we're doing is, particularly in the east, is we're just saying; let's just hold off a bit here -- the geology is a little bit more complex there -- until we get 3D seismic, and then we can image these fault blocks properly and decide how best to go. But probably, what's going to happen is, the average lateral length on the play, will be such that the west laterals are longer than east laterals. But in both areas, the laterals will be longer on 3D than they are, than we're capable of doing on 2D.
David Tameron - Wachovia: And the well cost, you threw out like 5 – I think you had $0.5 million less in the east rather than the west, so those $5 million, plus or minus, still good well cost assumptions?
Mark Papa: The Settle was the one that was $3.5 million. That was the first well over there.
Mark Papa: The $5 million is about right for the Eagle Ford.
David Tameron - Wachovia: On the Eagle Ford, you guys drew the map in your books and kind of cut the acreage off, or cut your map off where your acreage ended. To play devil's advocate, are you saying that it doesn't extend down south and west? Or, did you not test that area? Or did you look at it in the past? Or, can you just talk a little bit about outside your window there.
Mark Papa: We showed you the map over our acreage because that where we're most confident where we have the most control. And I think it really just doesn't help us to give out more data than that, frankly. I mean, obviously, the play does continue to the west for some distance; I think others have us proven that already. The question is quality. We think we've got the better quality end of that play in terms of permeability and porosity, innate in the rock itself, drilled depths, oil content -- we just think that we studied the entire play and took our half million acres in the oil window in and the part of the oil window that we thought had the best rock.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Just on hedges, kind of what level, given that you saw – the majority of your production is still gas, what kind of level are you looking to hedge at? I'll leave it there and let you answer.
Mark Papa: We mentioned at the Analyst Conference that on the crude oil side, for 2011, I guess in an ideal world, I'd like to exit this year with maybe about a 25% of our crude oil hedged at numbers north of about $93 a barrel. So we're looking at, if a market will allow us, of adding considerable more oil hedges. But we'd still be 75% unhedged, because we are bullish on oil. On the gas, it's really just a function of whether the EIA is right, or whether we're right on how tight the supply and demand are right now. It's our belief that the storage builds are not going to be as strong this summer as some people are predicting. Now that's not withstanding the huge storage build that we're seeing right now in April because of the weather. But, if we see some strengthening in the 2011, 2012 NYMEX for gas, at some point, we will pull the trigger on some hedges for the gas also. I'm not going to give a price point on that, but we don't think it's there on the current strip.
Operator: And will take our final question from Bob Morris at Citi.
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: On the Settle well in the Barnett Combo [ph] play, do you think there that you got the high rates because you intersected a karsted area?
Mark Papa: No, we don't think we intersected any karsted area. The rock quality is just so much better in this particular area that it's not totally shocking that we got this kind of a rate on a well. And so we did measure, along the lateral, the flow rates and – the first thought was; wow, we've intersected some big fracture and all the flow is coming from one piece of the lateral. The flow rate is pretty uniform across that lateral, which is exactly what we had hoped it would be; which tells us that it's not one giant fracture that's contributing, but it's the whole length of it. So that's why we decided to highlight the well, because at least all the technical parameters we can have from one well; it looks like something that we have a reasonable chance of replicating here and it could be pretty significant in terms of rate of return impact on the whole project.
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Did you fracture stimulate this well at all?
Mark Papa: Yes, actually in this Barnett Combo as well as in Johnson County, in the gas, if you don't fracture stimulate these, you get pretty close to zero in terms of production from them.
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I know you've got your capital constraints on your goals on the debt-to-book cap, but are you continuing to see opportunities to acquire acreage? And, are you continuing to acquire acreage in existing or new plays? And how much might you spend this year on new acreage?
Mark Papa: In terms of the plays that we've discussed, whether in [inaudible] or even the Niobara or the combo play, we're not buying much additional acreage. The acreage costs, since our Analyst Conference in all those plays have gone up dramatically, in some cases tenfold, just in a month. And so we're really not adding much there. We have some other plays, potential plays, that we haven't talked about and we're testing it and that's where we're concentrating on adding additional acreage right now. I want to thank everyone for staying with us on this report today and we look forward to talking to you again in three months. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman & CEO Loren Leiker - Senior EVP of Exploration Gary Thomas - Senior EVP of Operations Bob Garrison - EVP of Exploration Tim Driggers - VP Moira Baldwin - VP & IR Jill Miller - Manager of Engineering and Reserves
Analysts:  Joe Allman Michael Jacobs Ben Dell Brian Singer Scott Wilmoth David Tameron Leo Mariani Ray Deacon Irene Haas
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the EOG resources 2009 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earning Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introduction I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward looking statements. The risks associated with the forward looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOGs SEC fillings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures could be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Effective January 1st 2010 the SEC now permits oil and gas companies and their fillings with the SEC to disclose not only crude reserves but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast including those with Barnett shale, North Dakota Bakken, Horn River and Hainesville may include estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our web site. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP of Exploration, Gary Thomas, Senior EVP of Operations, Bob Garrison, EVP of Exploration, Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO, Moira Baldwin, Vice President and Investor Relations, and Jill Miller, Manager of Engineering and Reserves. An updated IR presentation was posted to our web site last night and we included first quarter and full year 2010 guidance in yesterday's press release. I'll discuss our 2010 business plan in a minute when I review operations. I'll now review our fourth quarter and full year net income available to common stock holders and discretionary cash flow and then I'll review our year end reserves and finding costs. I'll follow with recent operational highlights. Tim Driggers will then provide some financial details and I'll close with some macro comments and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the fourth quarter EOG reported net income available to common stock holders of $400 million or $1.58 per share and $547 million or $2.17 per share for the full year of 2009. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stock holders to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain one time adjustments as outlined in the press release, EOG's fourth quarter adjusted net income available to common stock holders was $234 million or $0.93 per share and $755 million or $3 per share for the full year. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the fourth quarter was $868 million and $3.2 billion for the full year. There are two salient points of M&A from these fourth quarter and full year reserves. First, we had no significant financial write downs in either 2009 or 2008. We're one of only a few companies in the peer group who can make that statement and we believe this is a testament to the way EOG runs its business and second, in February 2009 we've provided a 3% full year 2009 production growth target which we increased in subsequent quarters to 5.5% and then 6% and we ended the year with 6.5% actual growth. Historically we've consistently hit our volume growth targets and that should give investors confidence regarding our 2010 target. Now I will address 2009 reserve replacement and finding costs. For the total company we replaced 364% of our production at $1.18 for Mcfe all in cash cost including total reserve revisions. In the U.S. we replaced 431% of our production at a $1.21 per Mcfe all in cash costs including total reserve revisions. Total company proved reserves increased 24% to 10.8 Bcfe. These are strong overall numbers especially since they include 786 Bcf of price related and 95 Bcfe or performance related negative revisions. The biggest single portion of the negative revisions was in our Canadian Shallow Gas assets. For the 22nd consecutive year DeGolyer and MacNaughton has done an engineering analysis of our reserves and their overall number was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered 81% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the earnings press release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding costs. I'll now address our 2010 business plan and then our 2009 operational results. Our 2010 production growth expectations were essentially identical to what we outlined last quarter, 13% overall growth consisting of 47% total company liquids growth and 2% North American gas growth. Our 47% liquids growth is comprised of 55% crude oil growth and a 28% NGO increase. This comports with our macro view since we're bullish on oil and believe North American gas prices will be weak for the first half of this year and strengthen in the second half. Accordingly on a quarterly basis, our natural gas production profile is expected to increase sequentially this year. A majority of our gas growth will come from the Haynesville, Horn River and Marcellus plays while the liquids growth will emanate primarily from the Bakken, Barnett Combo and Westgate areas. I'll now discuss each of these plays starting with the Bakken where we've got three noteworthy items to report. The first item relates to Three Forks Formation where we have achieved positive results from three wells. The Van Hook 100-15H IPed at 1390 barrels of oil per day. The Austin 101-15H well has 510 barrels of oil per day and the Burke 100-20H well at 430 barrels of oil per day. These are the first tests of the Three Forks Formation on our 500,000 net acres and we can conclude that the Three Forks is productive over some portion of our acreage and that the average Three Forks well yields similar reserves to our Bakken light wells which is about 240,000 barrels of oil equivalent net after royalty and generates a 35% after tax reinvestment rate of return at current prices. Secondly we successfully drilled a Bakken step-out in Williams County, North Dakota, 90 miles west of our Parshall field. The Round Prairie 1-17H, where we have a 95% working interest is producing at a stabilized rate of 450 barrels of oil per day and likely has similar reserves to our other Bakken light wells. This well along with results from other operators indicates that a large amount of our total acreage is likely to be productive in either the Bakken or Three Forks or both [reserves]. The third new Bakken data point is results from our first longer lateral well the James Hill 01-31H. To-date all of our wells have been moderate length laterals, aka 640s. The James Hill well has one and half times a reserve of a Bakken Lite well which is proportional to its increased lateral length. We're valuating the efficacy of drilling longer laterals both 960s and 1280s compared to our 640s and haven’t yet decided which is more efficient.  There's been a wide range of reported IP rates from different companies in this Bakken well. Part of the reason is that some companies are completing 1280 wells which will have higher IPs similar to two 640s based wells and others are drilling 640s or 960s. I'll try and clear up another possibly confusing terminology issue. What EOG calls our Bakken Lite is equivalent to everybody else's Bakken. We differentiated between our Bakken Core and Lite because we own the lion share of the Core. Based on our analysis outside EOG's Bakken Core the Bakken or EOG's Bakken Lite [rock] has a relatively constant quality across the base.  On the logistical front, our North Dakota accrued by rail project is up and running. We're now able to increase our net [back] by selling oil in Cushing, Oklahoma as appose to Clear Brook, Minnesota while also avoiding major trucking cost. We've got this project to fruition in an 8 months period. Our Prairie Rose rich natural gas pipeline is also now in service. This will allow us to sell our Bakken gas and NGLs in the Chicago market also increasing our net debts. Now I'll move to the Barnett Combo Plays. The bottom line here is that our fourth quarter drilling results further confirmed our estimates that we provided last quarter of 220 and 280 that as to royalty Mboe per well for vertical and horizontal wells respectively. We referred 6 of these wells in our press release and I won't repeat them here. We plan to drill 120 vertical and 126 horizontal Combo wells this year and are testing various spacing patterns. Since we own essentially a 100% of the Combo Play and it's not possible to triangulate EOGs results with other operators. I'll provide a conceptual way to visualize the Combo in relation to the Barnett gas areas such as Johnson or Tarrant County.  Horizontal wells in our Montague County Combo Play yield on a value basis. About one third in crude oil one third in crude oil, one third NGLs and one third gas, hence the Combo name. I'll briefly mention two other horizontal oil plays where we are having continued good results. Our 2009 Manitoba Waskada results were as predicted. Las year we drilled 48 wells and achieved an 88% after tax reinvestment rate of return. This year we expect to drill a 100 similar wells. In our Mid-Continent horizontal Cleveland Play we recently completed two strong wells. The Glass 134-2H well IPied at 1000 barrels of oil per day and 1.1 million cubic feet of gas per day and the Wilson 45-3H IPied at 650 barrels of oil per day with 700 Mcf of gas. We planned to drill 24 Cleveland wells this year. Now I switch to our natural gas play, starting with the Haynesville. The big news here is that our initial test in the Bossier was successful. The Bossier is a shale in about 200 feet above the Haynesville with similar rock properties. The Sustainable Forest 5 - No. 2 Alt well and DeSoto Parish blow tested at a 13 million cubic feet a day flow rate with 7625 PSI flowing cubic pressure.  Up surface frac and pressure analysis indicates this Bossier zone is separate from the underlying Haynesville zone. This means we have two valuable prorogates over a portion of a 160,000 total net acres were both zone in present. We plan to drill 70 grow Haynesville and Bossier wells this year and this area will be the largest single driver if our 2% year-over-year North American gas growth.  In the Barnett gas window, last year we completed 132 wells primarily in Johnson County with a direct finding cost of a $1.52 and a total finding cost of $1.82 per Mcf. This year we'll turn 171 wells to sales at similar expected timing cost. We continue to add new locations on our Core gas acreage through enhanced completion techniques that allow us to recover economic gas in and around formally prohibited geologic hazards. In the Horn River basin we're continuing our steady ramp up and expect to drill 12 gross horizontal wells this year. We've closely monitored production performance of the wells we completed in 2008 and 2009 and are pleased to note t hat performance to-date has met or exceeded our expectations.  In the Pennsylvania Marcellus shale we've operated two week programs throughout the year. We haven’t obtained the high IP rates reported by some companies but we're consistently getting 3 to 5 million cubic feet per day initial rates which yield good economics and we'll be implementing some upgraded fracs when we restart completion this summer. Regarding our activities outside North America we still expect to have results from our China horizontal program by mid year and we'll give you those results on our second quarter call. We'll also have some results from our East Irish Sea drilling program within a few months. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Good morning. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $16.6 million and for the year it was $54.9 million. For the fourth quarter 2009, total cash exploration and development expenditures were $836 million excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. Total acquisitions for the quarter including non-cash were 501 million. $113 million were cash acquisitions. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment expenditures were $85 million. For the full year total exploration and development expenditures were $3.1 billion excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. Total acquisitions for the year including non-cash were $707 million. $318 million were cash acquisitions. In addition, total gathering, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment expenditures were $326 million. For 2009 approximately 37% of the drilling program CapEx was exploration and 63% was development. At year-end 2009 total debt outstanding was $2.8 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 22%. At December 31, we had $686 million of cash giving us non-GAAP net debt of $2.1 billion for a net debt to total cap ratio of 17%. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 36%. The effective tax rate for the year was 37% and the differed tax ratio was 54%. We also announced another increase of a dividend on the common stock. This is the 11th increase in 11 years. Effective with the next dividend, the annual indicated rate is $0.62 per share. Yesterday we included a guidance table with our earnings press release for the first quarter and full year 2010. I'll note one item on the cost side. Unit transportation costs are expected to increase on a sequential basis and for the full year. This is being driven by the projects that EOG is undertaking in-house primarily, the crude by rail operation from Stanley, North Dakota to Cushing, Oklahoma. This increase is being offset by a reduction to the WTI differentials on our U.S. crude oil that is being reflected in the guidance that we have provided. For the first quarter and full year 2010, the effective tax range is 35% to 45%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the first quarter and the full year. EOG’s price sensitivity reached $0.10 per Mcf change and Wellhead natural gas prices is approximately $30 million for net income and $45 million for cash flow. For each $1 per barrel change in Wellhead crude oil and common safe price combined with the related change in NGL price the sensitivity is approximately $22 million for net income and $33 million for cash flow. Now I’ll turn it back to Mark to discuss the macro and his concluding remarks.
Mark Papa:
’: Now let me summarize. In my opinion there are four points to take away from this call. First, the impact of our horizontal oil plays is clearly gaining momentum. During 2008 and 2009 we organically grew total company liquids at 42% and 28% respectively. This year we're targeting 47% year-over-year. The driver of this large growth has been horizontal oil. Last year 42% of our total drilling CapEx was directed toward oil. This year that number will be approximately 60%. From the highlights we've provided its apparent that all three of our key liquids plays, the Bakken, Barnett Combo and Westgate are performing as advertized. Additionally we continue to work on other new play concepts. Second, we haven’t neglected the national gas side of the ledger and our gas resource plays are also performing as advertised. We're especially pleased with the upside from our recent bossier. Third, EOG has a 10 year track record of ROCE leadership in a peer group and although our 2009 ROCE was a low 5% due to weak hydrocarbon prices were likely one of the few [pier NP] companies to report a positive GAAP ROCE for 2009. As we transition toward a higher percent of oil production, I want to remind everyone that the historic hallmarks of EOG focus on returns, low debt and low cost will continue. And finally, just the housekeeping item, we plan to host an analyst conference on April 7 to give an overall operational update and will also provide a 3 year volume outlook. We will also talk about our capital plans at that time. Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Joe Allman. Go ahead please.
Joe Allman: Mark in terms of your activity in the river basin, targeting oil and in the northern Colorado, southern Wyoming, Niobrara Oil Play, could you comment on your activity there?
Mark Papa: I am just going to make a comment at this time that we have got a policy of not commenting on any of our horizontal oil activities where we are still leasing acreage and so at this point I am not going to make any comment regarding that. I will acknowledge because it’s after in the public domain that we are drilling some horizontal oil wells in the Niobrara and the DJ basin. That’s as far as I’m going to go at this time till we get our acreage completely locked up.
Joe Allman: Okay, thanks. And then even Eagle Ford Shale appears that you're pre-active with rig activity there, any comment there and at what point does it become material enough where you feel like you actually have to disclose this to the public?
Mark Papa: What I’ll comment on relating to the Eagle Ford is similar to what I said last quarter and we’ll acknowledge that we are doing some drilling activity, horizontal activity in the Eagle Ford again that’s the matter of public record in until our lease situations tied up, we are not going to make any further comments.
Joe Allman: Okay, thanks Mark and then you announced in the release of Rocky Mountain assets swap, could you comment on that?
Mark Papa: Basically it was an asset swap relating to assets in Utah and it certainly clouded our accounting as we had to right up the asset received to fair value. So that was noted in report but basically it was the swap just to further concentrate our assets in the Utah area.
Joe Allman: Okay, got you. Then lastly the revisions, around what percentage of the revisions were proved develop reserves versus PUDs?
Mark Papa: I don’t have that number on hand Joe, maybe normally 30% were PUDs although we don’t really have it there. That basically I will note that the revisions frankly were higher than we would have expected going into this period. We really got clipped relating to tail gas for the Canadian shallow gas properties and that’s the single biggest piece where the negative revisions occurred. The good news about the revisions are that if as gas price strengthen throughout the year as we expect a lot others revisions may be all of them are going to comeback 12 months from now.
Operator:  Thank you our next question comes from Michael Jacobs. Go ahead please.
Michael Jacobs:  Hey good morning. Mark, in the past I believe EOG is run a peak of around 70 rigs nation wide could you get to a similar level of activity in 2010?
Mark Papa: Again we will address that issue as well as the capital issues in our April 7th Analyst Conference. Again kind of going through what we will talk about in April 7th Analyst Conference, or number one we will talk about the capital program that we anticipate number two, we will probably talking about some of our [stuff] plays where we got our acreage pretty well locked up and finalize and number three, and probably most importantly we are going to give you some volume updates both on natural gas and then on liquids for 2011, 2012.  So it's our feeling and again there is probably going to be a lot of questions on these call and I am going to differ to April 7, so get ready for those of you that are in the queue. But when you walk out of there on April 7, you are going to have a pretty good understanding of EOGs overall strategy where we going with our capital structure and what kind of company this is evolving into over the next 3 years. And just I was handed a sheet here on the PUD percentage on the write downs on Joe Allman's previous question there I said 30% is really more like about 10%. 
Michael Jacobs: Okay. If I can move to the Bakken light area, you discussed well bore design a little bit. Can we get some color on completion designs in various portion of your Bakken light area as you think about the increasing points of improving conductivity of the well bore? How are you experimenting with various completions?
Mark Papa: There is two things going on relating to the Bakken light areas and this would also apply to the Three Forks. The first item we're investigating are really length of laterals and accorded 640's and 960s and 1280's there on the earnings call. What that really is on a 640 well we're drilling roughly 5000 foot long laterals and between 4500 and 5000 feet. The James Hill well I referenced is about a 7100 foot lateral and then we're considering drilling laterals that would be 9000 foot laterals and with each of these, we're also looking at how many fracs to give per thousand feet in lateral and so we've got two items going on right now and its fair to say that its going to take us another couple of months to really evaluate which way to go. But directionally we're probably going to be going to the longer than 4500 foot laterals and perhaps more stage fracs along those laterals.
Michael Jacobs: And as you think about the completion cartel, would you think about tailoring in some ceramic proppant as well and just changing some of the nuances of the completion?
Mark Papa: Yeah. The vast majority of the wells we've fraced in the Bakken now and of course we're the leading producer in the Bakken in North Dakota. So I guess we've got the biggest database. The vast majority of it has been just a profit of 2040 sand. We have used a bit of ceramic proppant in some instances and we're still evaluating that but its not obvious to us that we need to go at anything more expensive than the 2040 sand.
Michael Jacobs: Okay. If I can just move to the Haynesville, just a little more color on the decision to concurrently develop the middle and lower Bossier enables, are you suggesting that the two zones offer similar economics or was it more of the bigger call on dual zone development through a single well bore?
Mark Papa: No, I don’t want to give the impression, its through a single well bore. As we see it now, we drill a separate well to develop this Bossier and then another well to develop the Haynesville. So we're not looking at two laterals in the same well bore at least at this junction. The significance of what we said is that, it looks to us based on the couple of months production performance for this sustainable forest well that the productivity and the reserves from the Bossier are about identical to our typical Haynesville well and that’s pretty critical when we frac monitored this sustainable forced well and we know that the frac did not go down into the Haynesville. What’s coming out of the well bore of that well is [two] production and not Haynesville production. And where that leads us to, if you take our 160,000 acres, our best guess at this time is that over half that acreage has both zones. So, this is a pretty big deal in terms of what it could mean for total reserves on our acreage in Haynesville.
Michael Jacobs: Last question, I promise I’ll jump off. One of the things that the analyst community is going to be struggling with over the next few months is thinking about undeveloped versus un-booked locations given the new SEC rules and to help us better access EOG's net asset value, would you be willing to start providing either net un-booked acreage or locations as supposed to undeveloped to help us reconcile what's already included in your PB 10?
Mark Papa: I doubt that we would want to do that. You get in a reporting, right now we had a lot of work just reporting under these new SEC rules and I'm not sure we want to go reporting net un-booked locations. So we'll take a look at that but my initial bossier is that that’s something we're probably not going to get into.
Operator:  Thank you our next question comes from Ben Dell. Go ahead please.
Ben Dell:  I guess I just had one question which is on your PDP's. They obviously fell year-on-year and if I look at the PDP, F&D number its very high both versus your history and versus peers and its also high if I take out the revisions. Can you walk us through why the PDP number pretty much in average geography didn’t really grow or in some cases declined?
Mark Papa: Well I mean the revisions are big portion of it there and the only other explanation I could give you other than the revisions side is that it’s a pretty open secret that we spent a lot of money on leasehold for Stealth, oil plays last year and of course all that would be reflected in whatever mining cost you calculate. So we're going to look back, 2009 I think will be viewed as a positioning year for EOG relating to horizontal oil plays and again what I would ask of you, I know everybody out there is going to calculate reserve replacement in different way but I would say you won't get a pretty clear picture of in early April of kind of a lot more items relating to EOG. So I wouldn’t take any data point right now out of context from this point. 
Ben Dell: Just a follow up question obviously we have seen the horizontal rig count now back all time high can you give us some indication of what you are saying on horizontal spot pay rates availability and also on pressure pumping rates and availability?
Mark Papa: Yes we have been able to acquire contract the rigs that we are going to need through the next year and we have got 39 rigs under long-term that is like a year contract. Rates are starting to increase in some of the high activity areas and over the last two or three months, yes we have seen them go up anywhere from 5% to 15% and the same is probably going to relate to stimulation where you expect maybe in 2010 to see stimulation cost creep upward may be in the 5% to 15% range as well.  We have been able to lock in most of our services. We have worked hard on the rigs and having over 50% of them locked in as well as locking in on the stimulation. The other thing that we did in 2009 is what we had low tubular cost EOG purchased most of all the tubular that we are going to use in 2010 as well. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Brian Singer. Go ahead please.
Brian Singer: Thanks, good morning. Can you talk a little about production trajectory? On oil it looks like a lot of the increase you are projecting is going to come in the second, third, and fourth quarters. Can you just talk a little bit about that and then secondly on the natural gas side could you comment on your uncompleted well inventory and when that comes back online or is it has already?
Mark Papa: Yes, in terms of particularly the project production trajectory, your question relates oil as if its pretty well certain that every quarter this year our oil production is going to be going up and the big reason why its second half low that is oppose to the first quarter really relates to the Bakken. Again it's just due to seasonality on when we are going to frac a lot of the wells and it's just more expensive to complete wells in a winner time in North Dakota as you can visualize. So part of our plan is to go relatively slow on well completions till the summer and then blitz it during the weather periods in North Dakota so what you are going to see is a big ramp up at that point in time really.  So that’s the biggest single driver of the trajectory other than just we have got cumulative higher rig activity that is going to curve in a drilling this year. On the uncompleted well count we have never had significant amount of uncompleted wells, we have got a few in Johnson County wells that will be completing as we get into this year. But in our view that is this whole concept of uncompleted gas wells maybe it's been overwhelm. We don’t see there is the tsunami of uncompleted gas wells out there in the industry that’s going to get common and flood the market or so.
Brian Singer: Thank you that’s helpful and just as a follow up on the Bossier can you just provide any more color characterization as how you defining the play and kind of what keeps it to I think you mentioned in 50% of your acreage?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah Brian its really just geology of where that particular zone is deposited its not present in some parts of the play or it's [clay rich] in some parts of the play and in other parts in a play cleans up and looses clay content and becomes just as good terms of frosting permeability and actually pressured as the Haynesville itself and we have mapped that out both with our own well control and lot of core base that we have taken proprietary core data as well as other industry longed in.
Brian Singer: And do you see DeSoto Parish is been the sweet spot for the Bossier or do you see extending into other counties that you may not have acreage.
Unidentified Company Representative: We are not really going to comment on this distribution just yet I think we are still, its not ready to talk about its total distribution yet. We will say as Mark said earlier it covers the substantial part of our acreage at least 50%.
Operator:  Thank you our next question comes from Scott Wilmoth. Go ahead please.
Scott Wilmoth:  Sticking with the Haynesville the new presentation as you guys have Haynesville Bossier production expecting the year at about 175 million a day I think previous estimates were about 200 million a day what drove that variance?
Mark Papa: Yeah we just looking at the lead times the schedule the frac crews and factoring in some down time it's just I'll say a more precise estimate of where we're looking at. Its certainly not a indication of our well performance. What we've seen so far is that the well performance has been, indicates we have got pretty well strong reserves per well. The other nuance that got into that Scott is and you may have heard this with some other peer company's calls related to Haynesville is there is a theory out there now that you don’t want to pull these wells real hard in the first year and that will improve the ultimate recovery and at this point we're subscribers to that theory. We don’t have enough data to confirm its absolutely certain. But what we doubt in there is that we're going to pull our wells a little bit less hard, lower rates than the estimate we gave three months ago.
Scott Wilmoth: Okay. And then in the Bakken, do you guys have any plans to test the dual laterals and testing the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks with?
Mark Papa: Not in one well bore. We did some of that out in the Permian Basin about five or six years ago and the mechanical complexities of that just, it sounds like a great idea on paper but the mechanical complexities are pretty darn high. So at this stage we'll be looking at developing for those areas where we've got the Three Forks and the Bakken overlaying each other. At this stage we're looking at the development of two separate wells.
Scott Wilmoth: Okay, and then what's the current production out of the basin in the Bakken and where do you expect to exit the year?
Mark Papa: Our net production right now is about 26,000 or so but 26,000 net after royalty. That’s EOG and I don’t have an estimate as to where we're going to exit the year in the Bakken.
Scott Wilmoth: Okay and my last question, the 5% obviously has increased with the new SEC regulations. Can you give us a little insight into how many offsets were booked in your major unconventional plays?
Mark Papa: Yes, I guess the best way to describe it is what we ended up booking is not the most that we could have done under the five year rule. In other words this whole PUD issue has really thrown up in air as I noted on my last quarter's earnings call and certainly if we would have wanted to, we could have booked a whole lot more products than we actually booked and still been within the five year rule. So, hopefully that gives you some insight into it.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from David Tameron. Go ahead please.
David Tameron: Mark just starting with the last question how do you think about as a management team, how do you try, what level of PUD is appropriate? Its look like you came within 5% of dealings number. So it sounds like you guys are rolling on the same line. Can you just talk about the thought process?
Mark Papa: Yes, we did a very sophisticated process as far as evaluating how many prices were available. It could be done within a five year program looking at the technical feasibility of that. But I guess the best way I would describe it David is and again I referenced a little bit on the last call that we expect to see a very wide variance of long companies as to what they've done on PUD booking and what we did is I will say we took a middle ground approach. We took the SEC rules and we said well they now allow us to book considerably more PUDs than in the past rules but lets just not push that to the edge of the envelope and book absolute maximum number of PUDs that could be done under the SEC rules and then we tempered that a bit with those areas that we had done a lot of drilling in and those areas that we had done quite as much drilling in there. So its very subjective and that’s why probably we see some interesting numbers come out as companies report.
David Tameron: Okay and along those same lines can you split out for us how much of the upward number in reserves is due to the new SEC rules particularly the PUD's versus year ago just to give us some apples-to-apples
Mark Papa: No we don’t have that handy David.
David Tameron: Okay, one more going down this reserve path, one more question, I got a macro question but, I guess two questions. One can you give me a PB 10 and then second how should we think about, your gas reserves are 80% plus it was 83%. Yet all the focus is on oil going forward. Would you expect going forward to have the re-gas reserves may be trend up a little bit and then oil take a little bigger percentage or how should we think about that if we think about this five years down the road, what would you expect those two percentages to be?
Mark Papa: Yeah David. Relating to the PB 10, that will be issued when we issue our 10-K and on the question of percentage of total reserves that are gas versus oil versus NGOs. I think that the production is ahead of the reserves in terms of what we are talking about 47% production from north America this year, that’s clearly ahead of the reserve bookings, what you clearly see over the next five years of EOG is that the percent of oil reserve is relative to percent of gas reserves is going to go up prospectively. 
David Tameron: And so we should see oil PDP climb in the future is that accurate?
Mark Papa : Yeah that’s an accurate statement.
David Tameron: And then one final question just on the macro front, can you give us your thoughts, there is conspiracy theory coming out of Oklahoma City, EA date of the people aren’t sure if its correct or accurate. Can you just give us your thoughts on go back a year to today rig count decline we have seen declining gas market, can you give some current thoughts where your at?
Mark Papa: We look at the non-14 data and we try and tie that back to the IHS data and we really cant tie that and it looks to us like the non-14 data is just consistently over stating particularly in the other states category the second item we look at in the non-14 data is just as balancing item and the balancing item seems to have grown over time so we have tied our internal models to the IHS data and even though the gas rig count has gone up considerably over the last 4 - 5 months what it tells us is that the production is still going to be down to the tune of about 3 bcf a day relative to December 08 throughout all of 2010 and only will it be in 2011 when you start to see the reversal due to the rig count.  And then the other data point that we think is probably the clearest data point that something maybe in this with the EIA data is just the, if you look at how much storage draw down has occurred in December and January. How many bcf has been pulled out of storage and it relate that to degree days compared to last year, it’s pretty good prima face é case that we must be tighter than we were a year ago considerably on supply demand so its either got to be less supply or more demand and we kind of believe its probably less supply.
David Tameron: So you kind of sound like you model at the $7 gas guide for 2010, is that?
Mark Papa: Well I think we put I think this morning on our website, something like a 6.75 price with a full year 10.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Leo Mariani.
Leo Mariani: You guys made some prepared comments about the oil differentials in the Bakken shrinking with transportation cost going up. Can you give us a sense on what the net benefit is the EOG and kind of $1 per barrel basis that putting that rail in place?
Gary Thomas: Just the Cushing pressed right now is that $3 per barrel better than what we get there locally and their average is usually running about $5 or as it differs between North Dakota and Cushing and of course we put in this crude by rail because there is times where trucking and the trucking close rail its much higher then either pipeline or crude by rail. So it’s just transportation alternative for us.
Leo Mariani: Okay and did it cost you guys to move you your barrels by rail from Stanley to Cushing.
Mark Papa: Yeah we don’t want to get in to specifics on that other than the net of it shows up in the strong differentials that were projected for 2010.
Leo Mariani: Okay you guys mentioned in your release that you sold some California reserves is that just a kind of legacy property and can you give sense of what production and reserves were if your okay with that?
Mark Papa: Yeah I mean the production was about a 1000 barrels of oil a day the reserves on a Bcfe basis were about 30 Bcfe and the sales price was roughly $200 million.
Leo Mariani: Okay again over to your Barnett combo plan you guys reported couple wells in Mountague County and a horizontal base this year I mean it looks like those well results were a little bit lower than some of the horizontals wells you reported in the past in Cooke County just trying to get sense that if you guys do the step out wells I think in the past you talked about sort of 90,000 acre core position in the combo has that changed has that number moved around as a result of some of your recent drilling give me a sense of that.
Mark Papa: I wouldn’t try and compare necessarily the rates we quoted like this quarter versus last quarter the most important thing is that the reserves prevail reported last quarter and this quarter are identical that’s had 280 net as to role for the Mboe for the horizontals and about 220 Mboe for the verticals so our read is that the wells we completed this past quarter are essentially identical to the wells in the previous quarter. The initial oil rates are such that in some case we end up with a higher percentage of oil over the total mix than others but the bottom line is we are pretty pleased with the consistency in, it wont read a debt at all but we have got some degradation of the combo relative to last quarter because that’s just not true.
Leo Mariani: Last question on your Rockies property swap, talking about this briefly just one, get a sense if there is any net change as a result and then reserves the production of moving some properties off and bringing some properties in there?
Mark Papa: On the production side it was basically an even swap, on a reserve side yeah we made some adjustment to our reserves related to that but basically what we did is concentrating in asset where we now have a much higher working interest in one of our Utah assets.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Ray Deeacon go ahead please.
Ray Deacon: Mark I was just curious if you could break down that the gross Haynesville and Shale wells versus the upper Haynesville or the Bossier shales I guess?
Mark Papa: Number of wells?
Ray Deacon: Is it still predominantly Haynesville shale wells?
Mark Papa: You know well over half of the wells we are going to be drilling this year are going to be in the Haynesville, Bossier. Kind of where we are and specifically on bossier just a little more color, there is, we have got the one well that we reported this sustainable forest well and then we are currently completing another well we are drilling several other wells to really confirm what we believe which is this zone exist over 50% of our acreage. So, we’ll definitely have more color on this but even though bossier is the new item, the Haynesville is going to be the bigger dog in terms of production impact relative to the bossier for EOG 2010.
Ray Deacon: Okay, got it. And just have you said what your return on capital employee target is going to be over the next 3 years?
Mark Papa: No we haven’t. all we can refer people to is since 1999 we have averaged the, I think its 19% ROCE over its 10 or 11 year average including last year where it was only 5% so be proud of that as a differential and more importantly the differential between us and other companies and peer group is pretty dramatic in there and we believe we’ll be able to keep that differential and the main reason you got me started on this one right? Main reason why we believe we are going to keep that ROCE differential is that the preponderance of our CapEx on a go forward basis is going to be invested in oil related projects and simply put the value you get for a BTU of oil we believe is going to considerably exceed the value that’s received for BTU gas. So, relative to the lot of other companies who basically are going to be reinvesting primarily in gas over the next five years we are going to be dealing primarily in oil and we just think its going to be higher net back to us. So logically you would expect that we are going to generate superior ROCE just from that parameter if nothing else.
Operator:  Thank you due to time constraints today we will take our final question from Irene Haas go ahead please.
Irene Haas:  Hi everybody I have a question back on the Bossier and Haynesville as such would you give us a little more color regarding sort of thickness TOC velocity its good for Haynesville presumably as dry gas and really to step back one more step is that is there a positive implication your sweet spot in East Texas because that’s probably a nice place to prospect for the Bossier Shale being little shallow than Haynesville and could we have better clay content in that Bossier.
Mark Papa : Yeah Irene it is dry gas just as the Haynesville is I mean they are only 200 feet apart so the maturation parameters are essentially identical. TOC is fairly similar as well clay content is slightly higher in the Bossier than it is in the Haynesville at least in some areas and really other than that we are just not prepared to talk about where that switch part goes or doesn’t go today I think the well we announced obviously in sotto but we are looking at it in a number of other areas both with fresh modern logs and fresh modern core.
Mark Papa:  Once again we want to thank everyone for sitting in on the call and look forward seeing many of you in person on April 7 here in Houston thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at any time. Thank you for joining as and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tim Driggers - Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Gary Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations Loren Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration
Analysts: David Tameron - Wells Fargo Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Leo Mariani - RBC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Joe Allman - JP Morgan  Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company  Monroe Helm - Cimarron Capital Irene Haas - Canaccord Adams Shannon Nome - Deutsche Bank 
Operator:
. :
Mark Papa:
’:
’: The SEC currently permits producers to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Barnett Shale, North Dakota Bakken, Horn River and Haynesville may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and investor relations page of our Web site. An updated investor relations presentation and statistics were posted to our Web site this morning. With me this morning are Loren Leiker Senior EVP Exploration, Gary Thomas, Senior EVP Operations, Bob Garrison, EVP Exploration, Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO, and Maire Baldwin, Vice President of Investor Relations.
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’: Majority of our 2010 gas growth will come from the Haynesville Play. Our 50% total company year-over-year expected 2010 liquids growth will primarily emanate from the Barnett Combo, the Bakken and Waskada horizontal plays with some contributions from other plays. All other liquids growth will occur in North America and the majority will be from the US.
’: Majority of our 2010 gas growth will come from the Haynesville Play. Our 50% total company year-over-year expected 2010 liquids growth will primarily emanate from the Barnett Combo, the Bakken and Waskada horizontal plays with some contributions from other plays. All other liquids growth will occur in North America and the majority will be from the US.
’: Majority of our 2010 gas growth will come from the Haynesville Play. Our 50% total company year-over-year expected 2010 liquids growth will primarily emanate from the Barnett Combo, the Bakken and Waskada horizontal plays with some contributions from other plays. All other liquids growth will occur in North America and the majority will be from the US.
’: Recently I have received some analyst questions regarding how this “shale” oil is actually recovered. The answer is we simply perforate and frac the oil wells in a manner similar to the shale gas plays.
’: Recently I have received some analyst questions regarding how this “shale” oil is actually recovered. The answer is we simply perforate and frac the oil wells in a manner similar to the shale gas plays.
’: Recently I have received some analyst questions regarding how this “shale” oil is actually recovered. The answer is we simply perforate and frac the oil wells in a manner similar to the shale gas plays.
’: During the third quarter we closed on another acquisition in the Combo Core area whereby we acquired 7800 net acres and 350 barrels of equivalent oil per day of net production for $63 million. Following the acquisition reported last quarter this provides us near total dominance in the 90,000 acre Combo Core area of Eastern Montague and Western Cooke Counties.
’:
’:
’:
’:
’: The Dontress [ph] B1H and C1H, and IP rates of 380 barrels of oil per day with 250 Mcf per day of gas and 360 barrels of oil per day with 225 Mcf gas respectively. Our average horizontal per well reserves have increased with experience similar to our gas results in Johnson County.
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’: In the mid-continent EOG continues to achieve solid results in horizontal Cleveland oil play in the Texas, Panhandle. The two most recent wells are the Cooper 436-3H which began producing at a rate of 515 barrels of oil per day, plus 2 million of residue gas and 185 barrels of NGLs, and Cooper 436-4H which went on production at a rate of 540 barrels of oil per day plus 3.3 million cubic feet of gas and 310 barrels of NGLs. We have a 100% working interest in both wells. We expect to drill 30 wells in this play over the remainder of 2009 and in 2010. Our Manitoba Waskada horizontal oil project is performing better than expected and we expect to average 6000 barrels of oil per day net from this project in 2010 at a 100% after tax reinvestment rate of return.
’:
’: Remainder of the acreage is primarily in Nacogdoches and San Augustine Counties in East Texas. And our recent well results confirm a second core area in Nacogdoches County. Our Gammage #1 exploration well which we had not addressed publicly kicked off a lot of analyst speculation about this area. Actually the Gammage turned out to be a decent well as the short lateral, but we follow that up with several outstanding wells that rivaled the best sound in Louisiana core area.
’: Remainder of the acreage is primarily in Nacogdoches and San Augustine Counties in East Texas. And our recent well results confirm a second core area in Nacogdoches County. Our Gammage #1 exploration well which we had not addressed publicly kicked off a lot of analyst speculation about this area. Actually the Gammage turned out to be a decent well as the short lateral, but we follow that up with several outstanding wells that rivaled the best sound in Louisiana core area.
’:
’:
’: We plan to run 10 Haynesville rigs in 2010 and increase our Haynesville net gas production from the current 40 million cubic feet a day to 200 million cubic feet a day by year-end 2010. The Haynesville will be the primary driver of our 2010 North American gas production increase.
’: We plan to run 10 Haynesville rigs in 2010 and increase our Haynesville net gas production from the current 40 million cubic feet a day to 200 million cubic feet a day by year-end 2010. The Haynesville will be the primary driver of our 2010 North American gas production increase.
’: We plan to run 10 Haynesville rigs in 2010 and increase our Haynesville net gas production from the current 40 million cubic feet a day to 200 million cubic feet a day by year-end 2010. The Haynesville will be the primary driver of our 2010 North American gas production increase.
’: In the Horn River Basin we completed seven wells this summer in the program focusing on improving operational performance and completion techniques along with determining optimum spacing patterns.
’: In the Horn River Basin we completed seven wells this summer in the program focusing on improving operational performance and completion techniques along with determining optimum spacing patterns.
’: We produced these wells throughout the winter to evaluate the efficacy of each pattern. We believe the three high rate wells are among the best in the play topping out 16 million cubic feet a day well completed last year.
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’: We also achieved 100% rate of returns drilling three oil sand directional wells under Nueces Bay near Corpus Christi, Texas. Two recent wells are the State Tract 788 Gas Unit #1 and 692 #1. Each of these will produce about 20 Bcf of gas with 1 million barrels of liquids per well. Regarding our activities outside North America, we will be fracture-treating our first horizontal gas well in China this quarter, but it will be mid 2010 before we can declare whether this project is successful or not. We will be drilling several East Irish Sea and North Sea oil prospects during the first quarter as a follow up to our success reported last quarter. I will now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks Mark. For the third quarter exploration and development expenditures were $969 million, excluding asset retirement cost. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plans and other property plant and equipment were $89 million. Acquisitions during the quarter were $199 million. Year-to-date through September 30, exploration and development expenditures were $2.5 billion excluding asset retirement costs. In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $241 million. Through September acquisitions were $206 million. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $13 million. At September 30, total debt outstanding was $2.8 billion and the debt to total cap ratio was 23%. At September 30, we had $609 million of cash giving us non-GAAP net debt of $2.2 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 19%. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 8%.
’:
’:
Mark Papa: Thanks Tim. Our review of the North American gas and oil markets is directionally consistent with our previous earnings call, we still expect North American gas prices to remain low through the end of this year, start out 2010 weak and end 2010 strong due to supply declines that will occur throughout 2010. Quantifying the magnitude of the domestic supply decline is becoming more opaque. You may have noticed that the EIA recently revised downward their estimates of 2008 gross production by about half a Bcf a day but did not adjust our 2009 data. Given these revisions, our supply model can match the EIA 2008 volumes but not the 2009 numbers.
’: Storage injection since mid June have been running about 2 Bcf a day less than last year and 0.5 Bcf a day less than five year average. Our financial gas hedge position is shown in our 8-K is unchanged from last quarter. We have 44% of our fourth quarter 2009 North American natural gas hedge at $9.43 and then we are likely hedged for the first half of 2010.
’:
’:
’: Let me summarize, in my opinion there are six important points to take away for this call. First, the impact of our horizontal oil play is just gaining momentum. Our year-over-year total company organic liquids growth for 2008-2009 and projected 2010 is 42%, 27% and 50% and we expect further growth in 2011 and later years. Using a 10 to 1 equivalency basis to account for economic evaluation, our 2010 North American liquids to gas ratio will be 44%, up from 36% in 2009. We previously estimated that EOG would organically evolve to a 50-50 mix by 2013. We now project that will occur in the 2011-2012 timeframe.
’: Our horizontal oil inventory is a key differentiator and will likely allow EOG to outperform peer companies in ROCE for the next decade similar to our out performance during the past decade.
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
David Tameron - Wells Fargo: A couple of questions, can I get a 2010 CapEx number to those that 13% growth? Can you give us the range or what you are thinking, you said you see the growth number out there?
Mark Papa:
’:
David Tameron - Wells Fargo:
’:
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
David Tameron - Wells Fargo:
’:
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:
’:
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. Recognizing that some places are earlier than others, how would you rank Bakken Core by Barnett Combo horizontal Cleveland oil and what you have heard others are doing in the Eagleford in terms of rates of return kind of your favorite areas from a rate of returns standpoint?
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: That makes sense. One point of clarification if I can move to East Texas the 10 Bcf per well is that for the middle and the lower Bossier or is that just for the lower Bossier.
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:
’:
Mark Papa: Yes, you cut out a little bit testing the concept where?
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Kind of when you think about Montana, Bakken or Three Forks whatever it is?
Mark Papa:
’:
Loren Leiker: Yes, really not sure Michael we are asking about the Bakken is whole as we dividing the Core area which is in North Dakota. In a Lite area which is primarily North Dakota as well although it is sloppier and handle little bit. Our 500,000 acres includes large portions of core area I think we talked about at 90,000 to 100,000 acres in the core area.
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from Leo Mariani - RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC: A question on the Horn River, just trying to get a sense of when you guys expect it to ramp up production and you talked about adding 12 wells. I think previously you talked about kind of a 2011, 2012 ramp, just curious have anything is changed obviously there has been lot of industry activity over there and just wanted to get a sense of what you think the timing could be on Kitimat project?
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay thanks. Jumping over to your Horizontal Cleveland oil play sounds like it get some pretty good results there. Trying to get a sense of what do you guys think that running rim is there in terms of your acreage and well of an inventory?
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
Leo Mariani - RBC:
’:
Mark Papa:
’: Again, as mentioned on previous earnings calls we own this play you will get zero information from other peer companies, leading to results for this play because they have zero position in the play. So its one or you may have some trouble triangulating on but if you have some questions about that play just look at our 50% year-over-year liquids growth were anticipating for 2010.
’: Again, as mentioned on previous earnings calls we own this play you will get zero information from other peer companies, leading to results for this play because they have zero position in the play. So its one or you may have some trouble triangulating on but if you have some questions about that play just look at our 50% year-over-year liquids growth were anticipating for 2010.
’: Again, as mentioned on previous earnings calls we own this play you will get zero information from other peer companies, leading to results for this play because they have zero position in the play. So its one or you may have some trouble triangulating on but if you have some questions about that play just look at our 50% year-over-year liquids growth were anticipating for 2010.
Leo Mariani - RBC:
’:
Mark Papa: Yes, small amount. It was 350 barrels of oil related equivalent. There was a modest amount of proved reserves we acquired from that.
Leo Mariani - RBC:
’:
Mark Papa:
’:
 - :
’:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Can you add a little more color on you Barnett oil play in terms of the percent of your acreage that is in the vertical of the thicker section where you are using more vertical wells versus the less thick horizontal section?
Gary Thomas:
’:
’:
’:
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:
’:
’:
Mark Papa:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Allman - JP Morgan. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:
’:
’:
Mark Papa:
’:
, :
’:
’:
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Then still in the Bakken, what are the cost per well for the Bakken Lite section?
Mark Papa: That’s $4.4 million and you get about 300,000 barrels of oil for a Bakken Lite well.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Then moving on to the Haynesville of your 150,000 net acres how much is in East Texas and how much in the Louisiana?
Gary Thomas: 60% to 40%. Probably 60% Texas and 40% Louisiana.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:
’:
Mark Papa: Very half percentages in the core.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Okay that’s helpful. And then, earlier you talked about your unreserves and PUDs, because of the gas price the way the new calculation works, would you expect any write-downs yourself or impairments yourself. And how do you think you going to handle the PUDs and probably this year?
Mark Papa:
’: Because I expect with the variance it’s the forwarded companies on PUD booking that those that select the book liberally can have or show up with extremely low finding cost and those that book more conservatively for PUDs could have higher finding costs and as far as trying to evaluate across companies in my opinion it’s just going to be invalid from this point forward.
’: Because I expect with the variance it’s the forwarded companies on PUD booking that those that select the book liberally can have or show up with extremely low finding cost and those that book more conservatively for PUDs could have higher finding costs and as far as trying to evaluate across companies in my opinion it’s just going to be invalid from this point forward.
’: Because I expect with the variance it’s the forwarded companies on PUD booking that those that select the book liberally can have or show up with extremely low finding cost and those that book more conservatively for PUDs could have higher finding costs and as far as trying to evaluate across companies in my opinion it’s just going to be invalid from this point forward.
Joe Allman – JP Morgan: Then just lastly I think it’s probably for Tim, I know it’s the capitalized interest was higher than it typically is this quarter, the third quarter, could you describe that first please?
Tim Driggers: Well, the capitalized interest is just a factor of our unproved property over our debt, so our unproved property continues to increase the capitalized interest will continue to increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Wilmoth - Simmons and Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company: Just following up on the Bakken light acreage, what percentage have you already delineated, could you put some numbers on that?
Mark Papa: In the light, it’s a small percent of that 400,000 acres where we really tested. We’ve tested primarily it’s kind of north of our core area. In our presentation we put out this morning is little math that kind of shows some of our acreage and we’ve been testing primarily to the north of that we have a significant amount of acreage count to the west of our core area and that’s where we will be evaluating next.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company: Okay. And then on the $4.4 million well cost, can you talk about what lateral or frac stages you guys are using for that?
Gary Thomas: We’re drilling generally 5000 foot laterals on most of our horizontal wells. And generally, we’ve been increasing the number of stages, so right now we’re somewhere around the 15 stages on those Bakken Lite wells and plan to rise it to 17.
Mark Papa: Yes, it’s fair to interject the statement here, you know there are some companies that have very initial production rates has been reported and one thing there is kind of technical question is kind of unanswered across the industry there some companies are drilling liquid of 1280 laterals were they’re basically trying to drilling two sections, two 640 acre sections with one well. So they are drilling very long laterals and the cost for those wells would be considerably more than the $4.4 million recorded. Once you would expect to get higher production rates, we’re kind of in a count at this point were we are talking about basically 640 kind of wells we want to drilling them 640 acres or less with the laterals so our laterals are shorter. So just comparing IPs across companies, you almost have to tie in what’s the well cost for one versus another and what the optimum depletion mechanism is there as far as 640 or 1280 laterals, it’s probably just an open technical question the industry and EOG will solve over the next year or two.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company: Okay and then keeping on the spacing. What are the well spacing you guys are currently using in the horizontal Combo wells?
Mark Papa: We are still experimenting on that, we’ve quoted in our previous remarks. That on the vertical wells we’re basically looking at 20 acre or possibly more than spacing and we are drilling someone 20 acres spacing right now and some one are more dense pattern. In terms of the combo wells of sales on horizontal side we’re still trying to sort out what is the proper spacing, but you will recall that a fair amount of jobs in kind of which is gas ended up commonly 40, 50 acres spacing in there. We don’t know yet on oil, but we’ll know that the next up to distant future.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company: Okay. And then lastly can you just give us an update on Marcellus activity in plans for 2010?
Mark Papa: I have just say modest activities plans for 2010, we really up until a couple of weeks ago we had zero sales from the Marcellus, simply because of just delays on pipeline connects and just over the last few weeks we’ve got our first wells actually flowing to sales. So as we related multiple times we think this is an infrastructure challenged area and we’re going to go fairly slow pace relative to our acreage position, we’re just in two rig programs next years, two rigs will get us probably about 45 wells next year.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company: Can you give us any color on roughly the time it took to get those first wells on production?
Mark Papa: Yes, at least a year. So, I really think that in the macro view from North American gas, it’s going to be 2013 or so before the Marcellus plays any significant roles.
Operator: Your next question comes from Monroe Helm - Cimarron Capital.
Monroe Helm - Cimarron Capital: You made the comment early on that of course on drilling gain change your, horizontal oil drilling anyway seems to me like horizontal gas drilling has been a better game change than people thought. And I’m just wondering if in your models you kind of continue to push out to the right when we’re going to get gas supply and demand at a balance, I’m just wondering if this the game changing horizontal gas drilling isn’t making most of these models that people are looking at incorrect as far as forecasting supply and demand coming under belt?
Mark Papa: Yes, that’s a dollar question Monroe, and we’ll admit that we’re a bit puzzled by the recent EIA data particularly the obvious data that just came out few days ago. And we kind of what’s the proper thing to say on the earnings call regarding our macro view, but I really come down to the point that drilling has slowed dramatically and we believe that production will flow and if you look at the Canadian production situation, the Canadian production kind of levitated for six months maybe nine months longer at relatively stable levels before it started to fall. There was a longer lag time between when the drilling really slowed down and when the production slowdown and that may will be just due to un connect the wells and what we believe is that’s probably the situation here in domestic gas right now, it was a backlog of unconnected wells and that we’ve probably work the way through that. I know that EOG was pretty well worked away through that. But I would have to comment that we have a degree of range of possibilities just what’s going to happen on gas supply and we don’t see that our number is likely to be 100% accurate at this time.
Monroe Helm - Cimarron Capital: You all have this, about the only company I have heard of it has a luxury of diverting a significant part of their CapEx next year into oil drilling, most companies are announcing if they are planning on increasing their CapEx to gas next year, partly because they have place else to put the cap, the cash flow. And a lot of it’s going into these higher productivity on conventional horizontal wells and, I don’t know you want a name. Can you talk about what, those companies have a difference of the economics and you do and if you are in one those companies and you’re looking at something like the Haynesville and that was all you can focus that and that was your best position. What kind of gas price would you need to meet your minimum rate to returns on something like the Haynesville?
Mark Papa: I would look at the Haynesville in terms of gas price or reinvestment rate of return the Haynesville is about equivalent to a Barnett, which is roughly equipment that we believe will ultimately come into Marcellus. So we don’t buy the notion that the Haynesville is clearly head and shoulder is about gas play that’s an economics, but certainly hedge to build economics or what gas price need if you really look at and it oil and cost including the land cost, seismic cost and everything else. We still continue to believe unique up and like about $6 gas price for these things to work. That’s the input we give you Monroe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Irene Haas - Canaccord Adams.
Irene Haas - Canaccord Adams: You guys undisputed leader in low permeability oil play. I would like to ask two simple questions. Firstly is, there isn’t always kind of up tick of these shale gas play which you expect to find possible shale oil plays, should I expect Haynesville, Combo play from you guys. Secondarily, can it be replicated outside the US in Canada and elsewhere?
Mark Papa: Yes, Irene I think the idea that the emptied and buried to all the gas play should hold an oil play, conceptually correct and it just last mature if rocks should be in oil window not the gas window, but the timing is really more torturously right in that. In Haynesville, I won’t comment specifically, the Haynesville Marcellus certainly these are the shale plays do not have a oil window, in other words the shale does not exist physically and they have setting any oil window. Other plays probably do have an oil window. And we’re currently prospecting heavily and a number of those are the plays right now. Internationally its harder to say, I mean we’ve looked at lot of different kinds of international projects in various parts of the world and the cost structure is always one element that makes it more difficult to see how those can work unless you find something head and shoulders above the typical kind of rocks that we’re seeing in North America, the cost structure is going to be a bit prohibitive we think.
Operator: Your last question comes from Shannon Nome - Deutsche Bank.
Shannon Nome - Deutsche Bank: A following up from Monroe’s question, the comment you made Mark on the macro picture with the industries well completions backlog which you seem to think is largely cured, lot of my other companies say the same, but when you ask each individual company how many wells they have waiting on completion, it actually adds up to pretty significant number.  You have to think over the last few months as gas prices have towed around with $4 levels, is there have been companies continuing to drill on deferred. Do you have any more precise thoughts on that, can you speak to what the achieved backlog is for example on the Barnett Shale of uncompleted wells?
Mark Papa: Your question is that is big conundrum and the other ancillary part of that is if you add up all the public companies as to what their legend are going to grow gas volumes in the US next year. It’s bigger number than its consistent with the production declines and we would project. So we don’t have a lot of specific is to what other companies have in terms of backlogs, we know our backlog is really a relatively modest in terms of wells uncompleted. I believe it’s probably be about three or four months from now when to get EIA there and it’s not got a lot of noise in it, but we believe it is just inevitable that production is going to decline in 2010 and the magnitude of that is I believe it really be in the range of about 4Bcf a day for the full year, but we have to say that we have some questions as to we can’t pound a table and say it’s going to be exactly for because a lot of opaqueness out there right now.
Shannon Nome - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then back to EOG, more importantly I hear you on your no habla Eagleford comment But $1.3 billion is a lot of money to spend even over several years, can you give us any feel for general geography regions of some of this inventory that you’ve been it’s mostly Rockies one would think given just where that oil is in the US or just more widespread?
Mark Papa: What we can say, we think is fairly geographically spread across North America, the only play we were pursue oil play horizontally we’re pursuing outside North America is in China. We have a zone that we will be testing year in 2010. So it’s all in North America, but I have a really don’t want to go within in more specific.
Shannon Nome - Deutsche Bank: And my sense is on unconventional oil stuff, unlike maybe a Hayneville or Barnett kind of discovery that we are talking about maybe I don’t know you the numbers doesn’t but a collection of smaller areas that collectively add up to a lot. Is that a fair assessment of how unconventional oil plays are going to be unfold or are our talking about just a few larger discoveries that you’ll be taking the ramp up of over the next few years?
Mark Papa: If you just look at the basement deposition models, the oil plays in the shale are in the positive similar to the gas plays and I think that we’ve all been surprised by the huge magnitude of these North American horizontal gas plays. So we believe potentially some of these oil plays are going to have a very meaningful size.
Shannon Nome - Deutsche Bank: And then in terms some of the petro physical properties of these new place in our – are in very early testing stages a bit. You experienced so far to just that you said earlier that the combos one of the more prolific wells that resources you encountered would be fair to say that the rest of what your testing is probably not going to be quite impressive in terms of oil and place recovery factor or do you think that’s good chance that some will be competitive?
Mark Papa: The answer is we’ve just don’t know at this point, but let me there all be characterized by a relatively low recoveries of oil and plays. The Bakken we’re talking about 10% the combos are going to be less in 10% at least with current technology. So one characteristic is generally going to be all the plays that for 640 acres that pretty significant amount of oil and gas in fact but the percentage of that we recover will be economic, but it would be fairly low percentage of what’s actually in place.
Shannon Nome - Deutsche Bank: Exactly, and you just spoken to 2% equity factors in the combo previously, it sounds like 280 Mboe per well number that doesn’t towards three is that correct?
Mark Papa: We now believe it’s going to be higher 2%, we don’t want to get into that, we just have to get some more data before we can open what exactly we think it will be Shannon. I think that would conclude the questions. I want to thank everyone for staying with us way over time a little bit there, but we believe 2010 is going to be a very exciting year for EOG. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tim Driggers – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gary Thomas – Senior Executive Vice President, Operations Loren Leiker – Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration
Analysts: Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co. Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs Joe Allman – JP Morgan David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt David Snow – Energy Equities, Inc. Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Co. David Magruder – Longacre Fund Management
Operator: Welcome to the EOG Resources second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Papa.
Mark Papa:  We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2009 earnings and operational results also included with guidance for the third quarter and full year 2009.  This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. The conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our Web site at eogresources.com. The SEC currently permits producers to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Barnett Shale, North Dakota Bakken, Horn River and Haynesville may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and investor relations page of our Web site. An updated investor relations presentation and statistics were posted to our Web site last night. With me this morning are Loren Leiker Senior EVP Exploration, Gary Thomas Senior EVP Operations, Bob Garrison EVP, Exploration, Tim Driggers Vice President and CFO, and Maire Baldwin Vice President of Investor Relations. I'll begin by reviewing our second quarter net income available to common stockholders and discretionary cash flow and then I will review some operational highlights. Tim Driggers will provide some financial details and then I'll provide some macro comments and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release for the second quarter EOG reported a net loss available to common stockholders of $16.7 million or $0.07 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stockholders, to eliminate mark-to-market impacts as outlined in the press release, EOG second quarter adjusted net income available to common stockholders was $183.6 million or $0.73 per share.  For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the second quarter was $787.4 million.  Our second quarter production and costs were in line or better than the mid-point of our previously issued guidance and we expect that trend to continue for the second half of the year. We increased our 2009 full year total company liquids production growth goal from 22% to 25%, while maintaining a goal of 20% year-over-year liquids growth in 2010. Our overall 2009 production growth target of 5.5% is still intact, but I will caution investors that this assumes we don't curtail any North American gas in the second half because of market storage issues. As you know, EOG is organically evolving toward a more balanced 50/50 North American liquids to natural gas ratio via our horizontal resource plays. And I'll format my North American operational discussion in two categories. I'll first discuss our major North American liquids plays and then I'll discuss our gas assets. I'll start with the Barnett Combo Liquids Play. This play continues to gain momentum and the pace of development and progress of our learning curve in Montague County is analogous to when our Johnson County Barnett project lifted off from the launch pad a few years ago. We started the year with three rigs in the combo and expect to end the year with a seven rig program. Our press release highlighted initial rates on multiple wells we completed during the quarter. Recent well costs are running less than $3 million and typical per well initial rates are between 200 and 500 barrels of oil per day, with 1 to t2 million cubic feet a day of rich gas that contains a lot of natural gas liquids. Our working interests range from 89% to 100%. Most importantly these wells generate a 30% to 60% direct after-tax rate of return using current oil, gas and NGL prices. As in Johnson County, we believe that per well reserves are improving as we gain experience fracture treating this rock, but it's too early to quantify this improvement. We expect to drill 100 to 120 combo wells this year.  In early July we closed on a tactical Montague/Cooke County acquisition from a private company for stock and cash whereby we acquired 2,000 barrels of equivalent oil per day of net production and 25,000 net unproved acres that were intertwined with our existing acreage. We now have 194,000 acres in Montague and Cooke counties with an additional 144,000 acres farther west in Clay and Archer counties where the Barnett is thinner. For now we're concentrating only in Montague and Cooke counties where the Barnett is very thick and where we have an overwhelmingly dominant acreage position, i.e. this play is ours. We're now in a development mode and our situation is reminiscent of a similar period a few years ago in Johnson County. If you'll allow me to phrase our current combo status in terms NASA might use, I'll say that our combo rocket has left the launch pad and is approaching orbital velocity with a goal of achieving orbit alongside our Johnson County satellite. Okay, now back to earth and the North Dakota Bakken, you'll recall we drastically slowed down our Bakken activity for the first five months of this year because of low oil prices and high location differentials. In late spring we restarted our activity in both the Core and Lite areas. To refresh your memory, EOG is the overwhelmingly dominant acreage holder in the Core area, which is the sweetest spot of the entire Bakken, and where we hold about 100,000 net acres. We also hold about 400,000 net acres in the Bakken Lite area, which has less pressure and lower per well reserves than the Core. During the past several months we've completed 25 wells in the Core with gross IPs ranging between 1,100 and 1,800 barrels of oil per day and an average of 72% of working interest. The typical well in the Core area currently costs $4.1 million completed and this yields a direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return in excess of 100% at today's oil prices. We'll continue to develop the Core with two rigs during the second half of the year and expect continued excellent results. The Core portion of the Bakken is now pretty well defined and I think most investors are aware that EOG dominates the Core acreage. What about our 400,000 net acres in the Bakken Lite? This is the portion of our Bakken acreage where we are now turning our attention. We recently completed two wells in this area, the Sidonia 1-06H and the Ross 7-17H wells recently IP'd at 700 and 500 barrels of oil per day, respectively. And we believe each well will produce 250,000 net barrels of oil for a $4.4 million current completed well cost, yielding a mid-30% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return at today's oil prices. We now have 16 successful tests in the Bakken Lite area and our confidence is increasing that a significant portion of our 400,000 acres will be productive. To summarize the Bakken the Core is a given. Investors should now keep their eyes on our Bakken Lite activity. On the previous quarter's call I outlined our plans to utilize rail cars to transport our Bakken crude to Oklahoma and to also lay a wet gas pipeline to move our gas and natural gas liquids to the Chicago market. Both of these projects are on schedule. We still expect our rail car project to be operational by February 2010 and we expect our gas and natural gas liquids line to be in service by the fourth quarter of this year. I'll close our North American oil discussion with an update on our horizontal Manitoba play in Waskada. We've now completed 13 wells this year and a typical average 30-day production rates are 200 barrels of oil per day per well for an $800,000, that's U.S. dollar, well cost which is slightly better than expected. So this project is performing just as we told you last quarter. It's a high reinvestment rate of return investment opportunity, roughly 100% reinvestment rate of return, and we only wish it was bigger than the estimated 25,000 million net barrels of oil. Now, I'll turn to the North American gas side of the ledger. I'm aware that we've peaked a lot of investors curiosity regarding the shift in our mix toward oil, but let me assure you we're making that shift because of the unique early mover opportunities currently available to us for horizontal oil resource plays and not because we're running away from North American gas. In fact, we're bullish regarding the 2010 and 2011 North American gas macro, as I'll discuss in a few minutes. We have a powerful arsenal of gas assets, both horizontal and vertical, and I'll now address seven of these gas plays. The first gas play I'll discuss is the Haynesville. During the past quarter, we completed five additional Haynesville wells in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana. Individual well rates were outlined in our press release. The key point is that all five wells had IPs between 14 million and 16 million cubic feet per day. I will also note these wells were at pipeline restricted rates. Each had the capability to produce at higher IP numbers. EOG has not sought any headlines regarding the Haynesville, but our data indicates that of the larger companies, we and one other operator have the best track record in making successful Haynesville wells by a wide margin. Our past IR presentations have shown welcome performance comparisons to peers for the Bakken and Barnett gas and we have a similar slide for the Horn River. Simply put, these comparisons have shown that EOG consistently makes wells with higher IP rates and consequently likely higher reserves than our peers. In the updated IR presentation posted yesterday afternoon on our Web site, we've now included a chart using public data of EOG's Haynesville wells compared to peers and the results will likely surprise you. The chart shows that 90%, 90% of EOG's Haynesville wells have IP rates greater than 10 million cubic feet per day, the highest percentage among the peers. And only 10% of our wells have IP rates of less than 7 million cubic feet per day, the best overall performance of the peers. We're currently running four rigs in the play and expect to average 10 Haynesville rigs in 2010. Also in north Louisiana we recently completed our first horizontal Cotton Valley well in the Driscoll field in Bienville Parish. The Davis Brothers 24 #38 IP'd at 15.2 million cubic feet per day. We have a 71% working interest in this well and have multiple offsets in this emerging play. This play, along with the Haynesville, will be big 2010 gas volume drivers for us. Our 2009 Barnett gas program is yielding the expected results, but at a lower level of activity than last year. We're currently running seven rigs in the gas play compared to 20 rigs at this time last year. We continue to be confident about our 2010 to 2012 Barnett total gas production growth from both the combo and gas counties. A chart is included in our IR presentation showing that our year-end 2012 total Barnett production is expected to be over 700 million cubic feet per day equivalents compared to today's 480 million cubic feet per day equivalents. In the British Columbia Horn River Basin, we're in the process of fracture treating seven wells that we drilled earlier this year and we'll have some flow test results on next quarter's call. We're working with the B.C. provincial government regarding some royalty allowances to make this play competitive with other North American horizontal gas yields, and we're pleased the province is taking proactive steps to enhance the economics of this very large asset. In the Pennsylvania Marcellus play, we've now tested multiple areas on our 240,000 net acre leasehold position. We're generating wells with net reserves of 2.4 to 3.1 Bcf and we expect to commence our first Marcellus gas sales in the fourth quarter of this year once pipeline hookups are completed. We've increased from one to two rigs in this play and will be moving into development mode by year-end. Our 240,000 acres can be divided into two blocks. One 66,000 acre block is located near the Pennsylvania-New York state border, while the other 174,000 acre block is where we have a JV with Senaca Resources. In addition to our horizontal gas portfolio, we've also had positive results in two vertical North American gas plays. In Mississippi, we discovered a new prolific Cotton Valley gas field. The first three wells, the Williams 9-12, Ramsey Williams 9-7 and Shirley 9-14 are currently producing at 10 million, 7 million and 5 million cubic feet per day with 250, 175 and 125 barrels of oil per day respectively. We logged a fourth well that has in excess of 200 net feet of pay and we'll be completing it shortly. We have 100% working interest in these wells. The estimated net reserves for this field is 100 Bcf and 2.5 million barrels of oil. We anticipate drilling 12 additional wells here over the next year.  Also last quarter, I mentioned we captured 800 net Bcf in the east Texas Travis Peak play. We've continued our activity in this area and two recent wells typical of the play are the McFadden #1 and the Morrow #1. These wells IP'd at 3.1 million and 2.3 million cubic feet per day gross respectively. We have 45% working interest in each of these wells. Regarding our activities outside North America, we made a successful oil discovery in the shallow waters of the U.K. East Irish Sea this past quarter. The well encountered 112 feet of high quality pay with estimated reserves of 11 million barrels of oil net. We expect this field to commence sales in early 2012 at an estimated initial rate of 16,000 barrels of oil per day net. This project has very good economics and should qualify for the U.K.'s small field allowance credits, which would provide favorable tract treatment for this block. We plan to drill two similar structures beginning later this year. In China, we'll continue operating our one rig horizontal program through 2010. We'll have test results from our first well by year-end, but I expect it will be mid-2010 before we can declare whether this project is successful or not. In Trinidad, we don't have any drilling activity planned for 2009, but will drill one test of deeper horizons under our existing fields in mid-2010. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss CapEx and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: For the second quarter, total exploration and development expenditures were $645 million. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $87 million. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $13 million. We issued a $900 million ten-year bond in May to term-out commercial paper increasing our outstanding debt balance and go-forward interest expense. At June 30, 2009, total debt outstanding was $2.8 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 23%. At June 30, we had $707 million of cash giving us non-GAAP net debt of $2.1 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 18%. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 29%. Yesterday we included in the press release a table with third quarter and full year 2009 guidance. The guidance indicates a total capital expenditure budget of $3.3 billion, including $140 million of acquisitions. For the full year 2009, the guidance indicates an effective tax rate of greater than 35%. We've also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that will be recorded during the third quarter and the full year. Now, I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss the macro environment, our hedge position and concluding remarks.
Mark Papa: Our view of the North American gas and oil markets is consistent with our previous earnings call, except that we've become more bullish regarding 2010 and 2011 gas prices. We still expect North American gas prices to remain quite low through year-end. As you know, we've historically devoted a lot of work to developing domestic gas supply models and we think our current model is the most granular and best we've ever built. It's telling us that December 2009 domestic production will be 4.8 Bcf a day lower than year-end 2008 and this deficit will deepen further throughout 2010. When added to the Canadian supply drop of at least 0.8 Bcf a day, we expect the gas market to turn sometime early in 2010 almost regardless of what happens to LNG imports.  Everybody seems to be focusing on the supply growths from new horizontal plays, but the 800 pound gorilla in the room is Texas vertical gas production. This represents the largest single block of production in the U.S. 16.3 Bcf a day in December '08, and the rig count here has fallen from 450 rigs in January 2008 to 145 rigs today. Our model shows production from this large segment of domestic production will fall from 16.3 Bcf a day at year-end '08 to 13.2 Bcf a day by year-end '09 and then 11.6 Bcf a day by year-end 2010 down 4.7 Bcf a day over two years. In my opinion, this is the most important well population that people should be focusing on if they want to understand what's going to happen to gas supply over the next 24 months. Our financial hedge position is shown in our 10-Q and it's consistent with our macro view. About 47% of our July through December North American 2009 gas is financially hedged at $9.03, and we have only a small amount of first half 2010 gas hedged at $10.27. Based on our macro view, we'll likely remain primarily unhedged for 2010. Our oil view is that the 2009-2010 NYMEX is reasonably reflective of what oil prices will likely be. We're long-term bullish regarding oil and have no oil hedges.  Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are four important points to take away from this call. First, both of our big oil plays, the Barnett Combo and the Bakken, have upside from current levels and we expect to generate impressive liquids growth for many years to come from these and other plays that we're working. Second, although we've kept a low profile in Haynesville, our wells to date are the most productive in the industry and we plan to significantly increase drilling activity next year. Third, our arsenal of North American gas plays is large and we're going to closely watch the gas macro over the next few months as we formulate our 2010 gas drilling strategy. And fourth, we'll accomplish the above while maintaining the lowest net debt to cap ratio in a peer group and one of the lowest unit cost structures.  Thanks for listening. And now we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Mark, I'm intrigued by your gas macro comments. You mentioned you're encouraged about 2010 and 2011. Do I read from that that given the steep inventories that industry appears to have and their ability to grow production, do you think we're poised for a rebalancing and an overshooting going from a short position to a long position in 2012? And is there any thoughts on how industry might smooth out the highs and lows, so to speak, with respect to supply and demand long-term?
Mark Papa : Yes. I mean, that's certainly a possibility. We just haven't forecast past 2011, Tom. As you know, I mean trying to forecast the gas market even more than 12 months out is a hazardous business. And we haven't focused at all on the demand side. We don't purport to be demand experts.  But what we have done is really sharpened our pencil on the supply side. And what we do see is that the next 12 to 18 months is, we believe, pretty well already cast in stone really kind of regardless of what happens to the go-forward rig count. And we think that the situation is that production is going to be falling quite a bit.  You may recall on our last earnings call pretty much exactly what we said is we said that we would have to endure another two or three EIA-914 reports, and we expected either the April or the May EIA report to be the first break of a significant decline. And indeed that's pretty much exactly what's happened. So we've got a fair degree of confidence in our model at this point, and the model is showing that we're now on the slippery slope.  Unfortunately, what's going to happen with the model is we think the July data or the June data, which will be the next data point to come out, will be pretty accurate. But then the subsequent two or three months may well be clouded by storage induced shut-ins or curtailments. So we're not going to have that much accurate data. But we think that it's pretty well inevitable that there's going to be a significant decline over the next 12 months in domestic production.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Jumping over to your comments on tax in British Columbia, it's my understanding that the government's rolled out an energy stimulus package to attract more investment there. To what degree will EOG be able to take advantage of that both in Horn River and elsewhere? And what difference does that make with respect to the well economics?
Mark Papa: Yes. I understand that just in the last day or two the B.C. government has kind of announced a package. We've been talking to the B.C. government for the past few months and we feel that we've got something that's essentially in place in relationship to our Horn River situation. And we feel it's quite a significant royalty stimulus.  I don't want to go into a lot of details, but what I will say is the B.C. government has recognized that the Horn River gas is competing with the Haynesville and the Barnett and the Fayetteville gas, and they have taken very proactive steps. And we're very pleased with the situation as it's turned out in relationship to the government royalties and EOG's position up there.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Lower royalties and taxes are always good news. One last question on your Bakken opportunity some competitors are encouraged by the prospects of successfully drilling stacked laterals in the middle and the lower. Just wanted to get your sense on whether that's going to work and what your opportunity set is at EOG?
Mark Papa: Yes, here's kind of the way investors need to kind of think about our Bakken situation. Most of what we've discussed and most of the reserves that we've discussed relating to our Bakken so far are really relating to our 100,000 acres in the Core and 400,000 in the Lite we're quite optimistic about.  They're going to be lower per well reserves. But that's the area that I think we will be focusing on. We still have a lot of drilling to do in the Core, but the Lite is where we think a significant amount of reserve offsite exists for EOG, and that's the area where we say kind of keep your eye on that ball for EOG. Now in addition to that, the Three Forks/Sanish also exists, we believe, on a significant portion of both our Lite and our Core acreage and we will be doing some testing over the next six to 12 months on that. So you've got two pretty good potential upsides here. One is just on the straight Bakken itself on the Lite area, and then you've got on the Three Forks/Sanish.  It's our belief that this entire Bakken area, not just EOG's acreage, but other people's acreage is going to turn out to be a very large oil accumulation over quite a large area. So we're pretty excited about the play, if you look at it from 30,000 feet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: I noticed you're projecting a sharp ramp-up in your Legacy Barnett gas play of about I think $100 million or $120 million a day by May 2010 before resuming a decline. And I wondered if you could characterize how much of that is based on drilled and uncompleted wells, what's based on increased drilling activity and potential price sensitivity around that?
Unidentified Corporate Participant: We have quite a number of wells waiting on completion and we're going to be ramping that up here first part of 2010. And we're going to continue to drill as well.  As far as just having a percentage of each, we might guess 2/3 of that ramp-up is associated with wells waiting on completion because we are very pleased with our return with current gas prices in our Legacy Barnett play. The rates of return are somewhere between 30% and 50% for those wells because we continue to optimize the completions.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: So when you think about the rig counts, where do you see your rig counts in the Barnett going relative to where it's at now and where it's come down from?
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Currently we're running about 12 rigs in all of the Fort Worth Barnett, and we're thinking now to ramp-up maybe to 15 rigs.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: You mentioned earlier, Mark, improvements in some of the results coming out of the Barnett Combo play. I was wondering if you could characterize those in more detail and if there is any disproportionate improvement on the gas versus liquids versus – or gas versus oil versus NGL side.
Mark Papa: If you look at it kind of similar to Johnson County and you kind of say some of the early reserves we reported per well in Johnson County. And then you track what we reported maybe a year after we first got into the play, and then track reserves we reported maybe two years after we got into play. It's pretty much a steady improvement in reserves, and then after two or three years we kind of plateaued out and said well they didn't get better forever. That's pretty much the same track we're seeing. In fact, the initial reserves we first reported in the Barnett Combo were 152,000 barrels of oil per well equivalents. And then the number that is on IR presentation now is 210,000. And we're pretty sure that the number we're sitting at right now is higher than that, but we don't want to give you a number. We just have to get some more data. And so it's pretty analogous to what's going on in Johnson County.  And the proportion of the improvement is pretty much split equally between the oil, the NGLs, and the gas. So whatever that improvement turns out to be, a portion of it's going to be oil, a portion NGLs, and a portion gas. But the good news is its pretty much like we thought. The area is so rich in terms of what one square mile contains in terms of oil equivalents that in some ways is kind of like a mining process.  Just give your technology a little bit of time and you're going to find out ways to get recover more of those hydrocarbons in place and that's what we're finding. And that's why we continue to be very enthused about this combo play. And the good thing about it is that we totally dominate the acreage position in that play. And the acquisition that we made was essentially a tactical add-on acquisition from a private company of some acreage that was really just intertwined with our acreage. It just helped us even more so dominate the play.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Are you seeing any improvements on the cost front or can you characterize that as well lastly in the Barnett Combo specifically?
Mark Papa: We're down from about I think last quarter or so we were quoting maybe $3.2 million or $3.1 million well costs. And I think we're down now to about $3.0 million. So we're seeing a little bit of improvement there on the cost side.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Joe Allman – JP Morgan.
Joe Allman – JP Morgan: Mark, could you talk about activity and results in your acreage position in the East Texas Haynesville, the Granite Wash, and the Eagleford shale?
Mark Papa: Well in the Haynesville, we've got about 116,000 acres and from what we've seen, we believe that essentially 116,000 acres is good, quite good. And as we said, we're going to be ramping up significantly an average about a 10 rig program next year. So, one of our big gas growth drivers next year clearly is going to be the Haynesville production and we were able to kind of get started quite quickly there and run quite well.  In the Granite Wash, we really just have a very minimal acreage position there so we're not going to be a big player in the Granite Wash play, if it really develops into a big play. And in the Eagleford, we have an acreage position there, but until we get some well results we really don't have anything to talk about at this time.
Joe Allman – JP Morgan: Then specifically on the East Texas Haynesville, I know that like the Gammage well. I don't think you've disclosed that. Can you give some color on East Texas Haynesville results?
Mark Papa: All we are going to do at this time is just acknowledge that there is a Gammage well and let you know that we're holding those results confidential.
Joe Allman – JP Morgan: Then Mississippi, the Cotton Valley play, where is that specifically and what kind of acreage position do you have, and costs and EURs?
Unidentified Corporate Participant:  That field is Mechanicsburg Field, is what it's called over in Mississippi. And in terms of on the cost side, we're looking at well costs of about $3.5 million as complete well costs for those wells. And we're looking at extremely good wells. We're looking at wells that are in the neighborhood of almost 5 Bcf net EUR per well. Net effective is great rate return and great [finding] costs.
Joe Allman – JP Morgan: And what kind of acreage position?
Mark Papa: The acreage is good enough for about 100 net Bcf. So it's not of this resource play scale, but it's just a nice add-on. We just added that and the Travis Peak plays into the earnings call here just to let you know that there were still some vertical plays that are still yielding pretty whiz bang economics for us here.
Joe Allman – JP Morgan: Lastly, how about in the Marcellus Shale, what kind of well costs are you seeing there in the Marcellus?
Mark Papa: They're running anywhere, we think once we get our program basis, they're going to run between $3.5 million and $4 million for roughly between a 2.5 and a 3.5 Bcf well. And we haven't talked too much about IPs. We've had IPs on some of our wells as high as 6 million a day. But the IPs are a little bit misleading and they're really not stabilized rates or anything there.  So our read is that the Marcellus is going to look pretty good. But we still think in aggregate, if you look at this play on a macro basis, it's going to be a pretty slow volume contributor to the macro North American picture just because of the pipeline logistics and the ability to really access a lot of that area in a rapid manner. It's not going to be a fast ramp-up. I think it's gotten a lot of headlines and it's going to be a nice play, but it's really a 2012 through 2018 kind of timeframe before it becomes a big player on the overall North American picture.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt.
Mike Jacobs in for David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt:   It's actually Mike Jacobs for Dave. Just wondering in the Haynesville, how much of your acreage of the 116,000 acres is in the Desoto area?
Mark Papa: In total about what 45% of our acreage is in Louisiana, the remainder in Texas. It's a nice significant block we have in Desoto. I don't have an actual acreage count for you.
Mike Jacobs in for David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt:  Can we assume that most of the 10 rigs are going to stay on the Louisiana side?
Mark Papa: No, they'll probably split about 50/50, Louisiana-Texas.
Mike Jacobs in for David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt:  Just wanted to follow up on your comments on the Eagleford, kind of recognizing that it's too early to talk about the specific results, but when we think about your acreage position, can you offer any specific color as to kind of where you're at and how that relates to the Garner well?
Mark Papa:  No, we really don't want to offer any color on Eagleford at this time. You're not going to get much out of us there, Mike.
Mike Jacobs in for David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Maybe if I could squeeze in one more then, just as you think about going to two rigs in the Marcellus on your northeast position versus the JV with Seneca, where do you plan to increase activity over the next few years?
Mark Papa:  We're probably are going to be running one rig in each acreage block. So one rig will be running up there in the position that is kind of on the Pennsylvania side of kind of the Pennsylvania-New York border, and then one will be running pretty steadily on the Seneca, the JV acreage we have with Seneca. And a lot of it's going to be dictated by really where we can get pipeline sales access because what we've done so far is we've drilled a spread of acreage just to really assess does this 240,000 acres we have, is it really any good. And we've reached a decision, yes we think it's all good, and now we're basically saying okay let's start drilling for production. So now we're basically going to have some production lines tied in by the end of the year. And our drilling is going to be more dictated by okay let's drill where we can get wells connected to sales physically and actually start selling the gas in 2010.
Mike Jacobs in for David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Care to comment on where you think your acreage position is better?
Mark Papa:  Yes, it's good in both areas. We think the acreage is probably slightly better up there near the New York border, but we still think it's certainly quite adequate on the Seneca acreage too, so it's just a slight shade better in one area.
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Snow – Energy Equities, Inc.  
David Snow – Energy Equities, Inc.:  Do you think the Cotton Valley horizontal is kind of generic play or is it specific to the one, I think you had mentioned Driscoll Field, and is that the Taylor or what's the concept if you could on that?
Mark Papa:  It's a Cotton Valley Sand Play. We've got a lot of locations in this particular Driscoll field, whether it's going to be a regional play that is going to turn out to be one that's a resource play, I'm not sure we can extrapolate it that far at this point in time, David. But what we know is it gives us probably 30 or 40 locations at least that we can chase. We believe each of them is probably going to have an IP of 15 million a day so. So it's going to give us a lot of volume impact and then we'll just see what we can extrapolate from there.
David Snow – Energy Equities, Inc.: Is that the Taylor Sand?
Mark Papa:  I don't know think we would call it the Taylor Sand.
Unidentified Corporate Participant:  Taylor is really the name that pertains more to the Texas side. It is lower Cotton Valley.
David Snow – Energy Equities, Inc.:  So this isn't analogous?
Mark Papa:  No, it is not.
David Snow – Energy Equities, Inc.: You can't really say whether this would be applicable to all of the Cotton Valley play then?
Mark Papa:  We would say not at this time, David.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets.
Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: Could you folks comment on your well costs in Haynesville and what your pipeline takeaway situation is?
Mark Papa:  Yes, on the pipeline takeaway is pretty good through 2010 and probably 2011 for us. There was a lot of noise early on just for the industry that pipeline situation was quite tight. And so when we first looked at it, we went in with a kind of preconception that pipeline situation was really going to be a restriction. But what we've sorted out is we've got plenty of room for EOG's pipeline volume capacity for a minimum of the next couple of years. So we don't see a big problem there for us. As far as the well cost side, I'll let Gary Thomas address that.
Gary Thomas :  We've been, for a new play, we've been drilling in Texas, Louisiana. We're not into program drilling and we're doing some experimenting. So our well cost is just less than $10 million, but like many of our other plays we, expect to get that down quite a lot.
Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: With respect to your Core Bakken acreage you guys are obviously doing more in 2009 than you're doing in your Lite area, just curious as to your running room there. If I sort of flash forward to 2010, will we expect that to be essentially flip-flop? I'm trying to get a sense of when you guys are going to run out of kind of primary space drilling in the Core Bakken?
Gary Thomas:  We'll be drilling about 60 wells or so in the Core area and probably 15 or 18 wells in the Bakken Lite for 2009. And of course, yes they will flip-flop. We'll be drilling more in Bakken Lite.
Mark Papa:  Yes, I think we've got another at least in 2010 we've got enough to drill in the Core area. As you get out to '11 and '12 we're going to have the Core pretty well drilled out, but we've still got a fair amount to go in the Core area. But the one thing we found so far is that the proper spacing, at least for the Core area as we would see it, is 640 acres. As you go into the Lite area it looks to us like the proper spacing there is going to be 320 acres.  So you take our 400,000 acres and 320 acres spacing that's a whole bunch of wells if it all looks good. So that's what we don't know. What we do know at this time is that we've drilled 16 wells in the Lite area and looks to us like it's pretty pervasive. At least we've drilled 16 wells they're averaging about 250,000 barrels net reserves per well.
Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: I guess kind of a question along similar lines in your Barnett Shale gas play, just curious as to what your running room is in Johnson County. Do you guys have inventory to take you through the next couple of years, you starting to move kind of west and south out there as we look in '10 and '11?
Mark Papa:  Yes, we drilled about half our wells in Johnson County so we've got quite a lot of running room there yet.
Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: Any sort of thoughts about potentially European shale gas plays out there on a potential horizon?
Mark Papa:  It's still on our target list, but we don't have anything we can talk about at this time. So really on the international venture right now the only one we're really trying to do a horizontal gas resource play is China, really outside North America. And that one is most analogous to what we're doing in South Texas. We think it will work technically, but we'll have our first well result by the end of the year. But like we said in the call it will probably be mid-2010 before we really have an assessment is it really working both commercially and technically, or not.
Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets:  What is your sense of the gas market over there locally in China, like any sense of what type of prices you're seeing out there?
Mark Papa:  It's an insatiable gas market. They need a ton of gas. Based on the gas prices that are out there right now and based on the well cost and the reserves we think we'll find, we think our project will yield a good rate of return. I don't want to get into specifics on the gas price over there, but what we do know is the government has told us as much gas as we find, they'll take it all and then some.
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Tameron – Wells Fargo. 
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Can you talk about up in the Bakken your takeaway capacity and what the limits are? I know there's some transport coming out in 2010, but can you just talk about a snapshot of that situation?
Mark Papa:  Currently about half our oil goes on a pipeline, Enbridge Pipeline there and ends up going east into a market hub which is in Clearbrook, Minnesota, and the rest of the oil ends up getting trucked out of there currently. And come February 2010, all the stuff that doesn't get on the pipeline we're going to rail car it out of there to Oklahoma. And right now the tariffs for trucking are high, but they're not horrible.  Last winter those trucking tariffs were horrible, when we expect this winter they might be horrible again. And so because we think we have such a large asset that's going to grow in production and because we think that the other companies are going to grow their production there and that the pipeline capacity is going to expand very slowly, it's our belief that we're going to have a significant amount of our oil long-term that's going to be railcarred out of there. So we believe EOG is going to have a permanent fix for the oil issue out of there effective in February, whereas other companies are going to maybe have a long-term issue there.  The other issue that you have there is, even if you get your oil to Clearbrook, Minnesota, that's not a particularly attractive market hub, in that the differential there that you suffer in Clearbrook Minnesota is not a very pretty differential because you have a giant slug of Canadian oil that also comes in there. So your differential off of WTI there is not a pretty differential so we want to get our oil out of that market area into one that's a little more propitious.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: So what I believe because Enbridge is full, right, so it sounds like as long as you have the rail and the trucking out, you won't have any constraints on your production growth until we get to 2010, is that correct?
Mark Papa: Yes, we're gearing up to have zero logistical constraints, both on getting our gas and natural gas liquids and our crude oil out of there.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: What's your current net backup there, average for the play, or differential, however you want to – 
Mark Papa: The last quarter, I don't know, we probably have about a $9 differential on WTI roughly and pretty significant differential for the gas. I mean there's not a lot of gas, but the gas NGL it's a pretty good ding on.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: And can you guys talk at all about Cleveland and that Atoka formation, or can you just give us more detail what you've done recently, if anything, and what your outlook is there?
Mark Papa: Yes, for the Mid-Continent we've got a pretty significant reserve in the Atoka formation the horizontal Atoka there, but we've pretty much slowed down the drilling in that this year just due to, what we've targeted for North American gas growth this year is a minus 1%, minus 2% gas growth this year relative to last year just because of the dismal market prices. And one of the areas that we've drastically reduced our gas drilling in is in that play in the Mid-Continent area, so we don't have a lot of anything to tell you about recent well completions or anything there as we've pretty much slowed that play down considerable.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: One rig running the in Cleveland drilling the oil wells.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Mark, you mentioned largely unhedged for 2010, what level do you hedge at?
Mark Papa: We've got some macro slides, I believe, they're out on our Web site this morning where we believe that the gas price for 2010 is going to average, full year, somewhere between $7.50 and $8. And I know that sounds dramatically bullish relative to today's [inaudible] price. So we would have to see a price that amount or higher, before we'd considering hedging for 2010.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Then what about on the oil side?
Mark Papa: Oil side, I don't know whether we wouldn't hedge on oil right now. We're pretty optimistic on oil for the next several years. We believe that non-OPEC oil production is going to slide quite a bit over the next several years and, when you get any economic recovery in the world, we think you could see some pretty interesting things happen on the upside for oil. So don't look for us to be putting any hedges on for 2010 at this stage on either oil or gas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company.
Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company: First in the Combo play, the wells that you highlighted, can you talk about the NGL deal that you're seeing on the gas volumes? I think you mentioned it was gas liquid switch.
Mark Papa: One way to look at it is on the NGL yield, if we're reporting a well is making let's say 1.5 million cubic feet of gas a day that pretty well translates to about 150 barrels of NGLs a day. So just the horseback number is take the gas yield and just take that on a one-to-one ratio and that's kind of how many barrels of NGLs you're getting out of it there.
Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company: Then that sort of translates similar to what you're showing on the EUR slide also, I think. And then the EURs that you gave, I think at 210,000 barrels per well, is that at the plant outlet including shrink or is that – 
Mark Papa: That's at the plant outlet including the shrink, yes.
Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company: Then I think you have had some pretty good wells with the liquids component in Palo Pinto, can you comment on that region? Is that similar geology as what you're seeing up in Montague and Cooke Counties or is that anything different?
Mark Papa: We found out there I'd say somewhat isolated spots where we're finding some oil production that's kind of similar to Montague County, but at this juncture it's not pervasive. So if you look it up in the railroad commission, you'll find we've made some good oil wells out there, but at this juncture we're not saying that the liquids wrap all the way around to Palo Pinto County. It's more structurally controlled there. So what we say for investors are really right now focus on the Montague and we have some stuff – the county just immediately east of Montague is Cooke County, and the western eighth of Cooke County is kind of the way to look at it where we have acreage, so kind of all of Montague and maybe the western 1/8 of Cooke County where we have some significant acreage. That's where we're really focusing and that's where the Barnett is extremely thick and rich. If we just make our acreage there work, we're going to have a massive oil, gas and NGL accumulation net to us, and that's where we're really focusing.
Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company: So does that imply the acreage up in Montague and western Cooke Counties, there's less of a structural component? I mean how should we think about applying some sort of risk factor to that 194,000 plus acres that you have up there?
Mark Papa: Yes, pretty much that it's very pervasive across all that acreage in that area and there's stuff when you get out to Clay and Archer County it's just thinner there. So it may work there, but it's not obvious that it will work, whereas there's a very high probability we believe it's going to work in the Montague and the Cooke stuff.
Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company: A question on Bakken, you mentioned to the Three Forks it looks perspective throughout portions of both the Lite and the Core areas. I think, in the past you've talked about maybe the Three Forks that you've had some testing in the Core area and you thought maybe there was some communication between the two zones. Has concept there changed or is there any new data?
Mark Papa: We never commented on that question. I know that's a question a lot of people are working on right now is the communication issue between the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks unit and we don't know the answer to that question yet. Others have more data than we do at this point. We're going to be drilling our first actual horizontal test in the fourth quarter into the Three Forks.  So we do think it covers a significant portion of our acreage at this point just from mapping of other people's wells and looking at their tests and tying it to some Core data that we have we're pretty optimistic about the potential that we have both in the Core and the Lite area. And economics we think it will look pretty close to what the economics are for the Bakken Lite. 
Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company: So you say you haven't drilled any Three Forks even in partial yet. 
Mark Papa: No, we have not. 
Biju Peincheril – Jefferies & Company: Some of your other operators in the Lite areas drilling longer laterals and 20 stage fracs. Is that some concept that you're looking at or are you sticking with the shorter laterals at this point? 
Mark Papa: No, we're kind of focused on drilling laterals that are 4,500 feet long single laterals and maybe go into 15 stage fracs at the most. So some of the people are drilling these trilaterals and stuff like that, but we're probably not going to change from our methodology. And, again, some people are drilling 1280 laterals and stuff like that, but we're pretty comfortable with our methodology. And, again, if you look on our Web site and look at our efficacy of our completions versus peers, we're making the best completions up there so we're not going to change. 
Operator: Your last question comes from David Magruder – Longacre Fund Management.
David Magruder – Longacre Fund Management: Question regarding your comments around the [Naka] storage. Which markets do you expect the storage to be the most tight? And on the production side, where do you expect to see some shut-ins?
Mark Papa: On the storage side, its obviously going to be real close as to whether we have storage and do shut-ins or not. My own opinion is we're probably going to get to about 3.9 in storage and the question is do we really have 3.9 Tcf of storage out there. It still looks to me like the west is the most vulnerable area since the west is almost full of storage today.  My guess would be that the west is the most vulnerable area and that's where we'll see the most pressure either in deterioration of gas prices or basis blowouts here that could occur in September or October in terms of the shut-ins and everything. So that would be my view on that, David. 
David Magruder – Longacre Fund Management: Can you comment on the field that you think in the west to shut-in? 
Mark Papa: In our particular company I think we have significant production in the Green River Basin and we have significant production in the Uinta Basin in Utah. Our feeling is if gas prices reach a certain price, I won't say what it is, but if they reach a certain price we've done it in the past and we'll do it again this year, we'll just slap curtail on production.  But what may also happen, and this may happen more nationwide, is we may just see pipeline pressures kind of nationwide just go up as storage kind of fills most everywhere and the pipeline pressure nationwide go up that's going to just put more backpressure on all wells across the nation and that may just cause an automatic curtailment pretty much across the board. And that may happen and then production would just drop for everybody and that may be what actually occurs here.  But what we're signaling to people is that the 5.5 product growth that we anticipate is at some risk depending on the storage situation particularly in September, October and we'll just see how that plays out. 
Operator: With that, Mr. Papa, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks. 
Mark Papa: I have no further closing remarks. I want to thank everyone for participating in the call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa – Chairman and CEO Tim Driggers – VP and CFO Gary Thomas – Senior EVP, Operations Loren Leiker – Senior EVP, Exploration
Analysts: David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co. Joe Allman – JPMorgan Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs David Tameron – Wachovia Securities Gil Yang – Citi Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets Ellen Hannan – Weeden & Co.
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources First Quarter 2009 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2009 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with the forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our Web site at eogresources.com. The SEC currently produces to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast including those for the Barnett Shale, North Dakota Bakken, Horn River and Haynesville may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference to cautionary note the U.S. investors that appear at the bottom of the press release and investor relations page of our Web site. An updated Investor Relations presentation and statistics were posted to our Web site last night. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration, Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations, Bob Garrison, EVP Exploration, Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO, and Marie Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. We filed an 8-K with second quarter and full year guidance yesterday. I'll discuss this guidance along with our 2009 strategy in a minute when I review operations. I'll begin by reviewing our first quarter net income available to common stockholders and discretionary cash flow and then I'll review our updated plan for 2009 and operational results. Tim Driggers will provide some financial details and then I'll provide some macro comments and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release for the first quarter EOG reported net income available to common stockholders of $158.7 million or $0.63 per share. For investors who follow the practice, the industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stockholders to eliminate mark-to-market impact as outlined in the press release. EOG's first quarter adjusted net income available to common stockholders was $132.7 million or $0.53 per share. For investors who follow the practice, the industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the first quarter was $732.5 million. Before I review our first quarter operational activities, it's worthwhile to take a summary look at 2008 final results. We reported our fourth quarter results early in the cycle and only after peer companies reported their full year results did we realize that EOG had achieved differentiating results regarding 2008 metrics. We finished first among the large cap peer group in every critical category. Best stock performance, highest ROCE, lowest all in signing costs, highest debt adjusted production growth, lowest unit cost, lowest net debt ratio, no significant financial write-downs and the minimum price effective reserve write-downs. They say the past is prolog and we encourage investors to focus on the stock performance differences here. It's rare when one company can claim annual outperformance in every single critical metric and I hope it gives our shareholders lot of comfort. Regarding 2009, we raised our production growth target from 3% to 5.5% while keeping our CapEx estimate flat at $3.1 billion. This new growth target is notable because we restricted our Bakken oil production for the first six months of this year due to marketing issues. The incremental 2.5% production growth is comprise entirely of higher North American liquid and Trinidad gas. The largest tranche of the incremental increase is North American crude, condensate and NGLs driven by strong results from our Bakken and Barnett place. This trend of increasing North American liquids production will continue over the coming years as our horizontal oil plays begin to have greater impact. The increase in Trinidad gas production is due to quicker turnaround on third-party plant maintenance than originally forecasted. I'll also note that the 5.5% production growth target assumes that we don't curtail any gas production in the second half of the year because of market storage conditions. Our North American gas production profile is such that our production nadir will occur at the beginning of the fourth quarter and begin inflecting upward at the end of the year in anticipation of stronger 2010 gas prices. Because of the current low gas prices, we are projecting our North American natural gas production to follow by 1% this year. I'll start off our specific play discussion with Barnett gas and then follow with the Barnett Combo. Our Barnett gas activity is going well quite well albeit at a reduced level from last year. We'll average 11 Barnett gas rate this year compared to 24 Barnett gas rate last year. Like everyone else we are benefiting from lower service costs and our Johnson County wells are averaging 2 net Bcf or $2.8 million completed well cost. Today, we only drilled half of our total Johnson County locations so we got a sizable remaining inventory. In Hill County, immediately south of Johnson County, we are consistently making 1.5 net Bcf wells. To our knowledge we are the only company consistently making good wells at Hill County. We are also making acceptable wells in our western counties. Now I'll switch to the Barnett Combo play which is gaining momentum and it's one of the reasons we increased our North American liquids gross rate. During the first quarter, we completed 12 new wells that would yield an approximate 30% direct after tax rate of return based on current non-ex-prices and well cost. It happened in Johnson County, our Montague County well results are improving with time. We are now pattern drilling similar to Johnson County where we drilled in simultaneously complete groups of 4 wells to 8 wells to get better frac coverage. The Barnett Combo will be a major 2010 through 2015 production growth driver and this year, we are simply setting the stage for more significant volume growth in later years. Net liquids production from all of our Barnett activity should average 12,000 barrels per day this year and grow to 21,000 barrels per day in 2010 and reach over 42,000 barrels a day by 2012. Last night we posted a new chart in the IR Presentation on our Web site. The chart shows our 2009 through 2012 estimated total Barnett production from all of our activity gas and combo. We expect to grow these annual average volumes from 460 million cubic feet a day equivalents this year to 700 million cubic feet a day equivalent in 2012 provided that hydrocarbon prices are reasonable. As we noted a year ago in our February 2008 analyst meeting, our Barnett gas production will plateau over time and the incremental volume growth would be from the combo. In summary, we control the vast majority of the combo play acreage and we are now converting that to a high ROR multi-year revenue stream. Moving north of the border into Manitoba, Canada, EOG has achieved a new horizontal oil success this time in the Waskada field. The rock formation here is not shale; it's a tight silk stone with a water zone immediately below it. This is an old EOG legacy field originally drilled with vertical wells with very low recoveries that would rejuvenate with horizontal. We have now drilled 29 successful horizontal wells and a typical well yield 65% after tax reinvestment rate of return using current NYMEX prices. We estimate we have 25 million barrels of oil net recoverable reserves after royalty on our acreage and are currently in development mode. We expect this field to ramp up from the current 1900 barrels of oil per day to 9500 barrels of oil per day net by yearend 2012. Moving to the North Dakota Bakken, we are currently operating an 8 rig drilling program compared to last year's 10 rigs. We deferred almost all well completion till this summer when the frac jobs can be done more economically and road conditions improve, so we don't have any well results to report at this time. In our last earnings call, I noted that we were restricting our Bakken production because of marketing issues, high location differentials and low WTI prices. Recently, WTI prices have increased and differentials have shrunk. So we plan to bring back our Bakken production in June and be at full production in July. You may recall the issues with Bakken crude marketing, our limited pipeline take-away from North Dakota and an inferior price at the Clear Brook Minnesota market hub. Because we expect our Bakken production to grow for many years, we are resolving both of these problems by implementing a plan to move our crew via rail car unit trains from North Dakota to Cushing, Oklahoma or other market hubs. We finalized a strategic transportation arrangement with BNSF railway and expect to have the rail facilities operational by February 2010. I won't divulge specifics regarding the all in transportation and terminal cost except to say that it will provide us a significantly better long-term oil net back than what we're seeing currently. We can pursue our own transportation arrangements due to the scale of our Bakken position, currently about 500,000 total net acres and dominance in the core area. Regarding two horizontal gas plays, the Haynesville and Horn River, we don't have any specific well results to report this quarter. We are currently running four rigs in the Haynesville and will have specific well results later in the year. We are running two rigs in the Horn River basin but are deferring the completion until this summer. We are however firming up long-term transportation and processing agreements for our Horn River gas. In the Pennsylvania Marcellus, we are running one rig and have now completed 11 horizontal wells on a 240,000 net acres. We've improved that frac techniques on our most recent wells with net reserves of 1.6 Bcf per well to 3.0 Bcf per well. We current estimate we have two net PCF to three net PCF captured on our Marcellus acreage. Our standard plays in North America are all performing well particularly with the efficiencies gained by lower service costs and lower activity level. We are getting the results we expected and these plays are acting as a support base that contributes to our increased volume growth. We all get caught up in the excitement of the horizontal plays, but we are still finding many successful vertical plays. One example is our East Texas Travis peak stack and frac play where we've captured 800 net Bcf at a $1.55 per Mcf direct funding cost that we'll be developing over the next few years. On the international front, we are currently drilling the first of two exploration wells in the East Irish Sea and we started our horizontal drilling program in China. As we noted in the last call, we won't have any meaningful results from China until yearend. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss CapEx and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks Mark. For the first quarter total exploration and development expenditures excluding asset retirement obligations were $872 million. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment, were $65 million. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $12.2 million. Yesterday's 8K filing indicates a total capital expenditure budget of $3.1 billion, the same guidance that we gave back in February. The capital expenditures this year will be front-end loaded and will taper off over subsequent quarters. At March 31, 2009, total debt outstanding was $2.1 billion and the debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 19%. About $220 million of our debt increase versus the previous quarter was due to an increase in working capital and other assets and liabilities. At March 31, we had $85 million of cash giving us non-GAAP net debt of $2 billion or net debt total cap ratio of 18%. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 40% with a 78% deferred tax ratio. The items driving the effective tax rate during the quarter were lower pre-tax income amount combined with a true-up of state income taxes. Yesterday, we filed a Form 8-K with second quarter and full year 2009 guidance. For the full year 2009, the 8-K indicates an effective tax rate of greater than 35%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that would be reported during the second quarter and full year. The deferred tax ratio on a GAAP basis is expected to decline from prior years due to reduced CapEx and IDC expensing as well as the realization of hedging gains in 2009 that had been taken as mark-to-market income over the course of 2008. Effective tax rate will depend in large part on the relative levels of form and domestic pre-tax income. Now I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss the macro environment, our hedge position and concluding remarks.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Our view in North American gas and oil market is fundamentally unchanged from our previous earnings call. Simply put, we expect North American gas prices to remain depressed until 2010 when we expect recovery to the $7 to $8 range. We expect oil prices to trade within a tight range for the next few months and to slowly strengthen in the second half ending the year at $60 to $65. We expect 2010 oil prices from producers with prices similar to the forward curve or higher. The item to watch in the oil front is non-OPEC production levels which we expect to follow over the course of next year. For domestic gas we have taken a stab at modeling the impact of the rapid decline in drilling activity and we expect yearend 2009 production to be 4.5 Bcf a day lower and yearend 2008, assuming a yearend gas recount of 650. We expect domestic production to begin to decline in April or May, so we got another two or three EI914 reports to endure before the decline becomes apparent. Our analysis indicates Texas natural gas production has already begun to decline. We expect full year 2010 total domestic production to average 3.8 Bcf a day less than full year 2009. In Canada, we expect total production to decline by 0.8 Bcf a day in 2009 and another half Bcf a day in 2010. Recognizing the current gas supply demand imbalance, EOG's 8-K that was filed yesterday, indicates our 2009 North American gas production would be slightly slower than 2008. This is consistent with our philosophy of not cramping gas into an oversupplied market. Our 3.9 billion CapEx budget this year is being directed toward liquids investments. I'll note one other thing regarding the North American gas market. Remember that the market resets itself every November because of storage limitation. Our hedge position is consistent with our macro view. We have added to our hedge position for the second half of 2009, about 47% of our April through December 2009 gas is hedged at $9.04. Based on our macro view, we recently closed out all of our second half 2010 gas hedges swaps and collars that were at a roughly $10 price. We remain lightly hedged for the first half of 2010 at $10.27 per MMBTU. We are totally unhedged regarding oil. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are six important points to take away from this call. First, we've increased our 2009 North American liquids production estimate and we expect further growth in 2010, '11, '12 and later years as the impact of our horizontal oil plays begin to kick in. Each year we expect our ratio of North American liquids versus gas to increase. In 2007, we produced 43,000 barrels a day of total company liquids. In 2008, this grew to 61,000 barrels a day. This year, we expect to produce 75,000 barrels a day even after limiting our Bakken production. In 2010, we expect 90,000 barrels a day, all organic. We believe this significant organic North American liquids growth is a key differentiating factor for EOG. Second, we are now at a manufacturing mode in our Barnett Combo play which will generate steady and substantial liquids growth for multiple years. More importantly, these per well investments are currently yielding at approximately 30% unlevered direct after tax reinvestment rate of return at current hydrocarbon prices and well cost. If oil stabilizes at $70 to $90 over the next multiple years, these RORs will be even more advantageous. Third, our new Manitoba play further confirms EOG's first mover position in the application of horizontal drilling to an oil play. We have now established first mover position in the Bakken, the Barnett and at Manitoba play. The Manitoba play is similar to the Barnett Combo, is it generates very strong after tax reinvestment rates of return even at current oil prices. Fourth, our 2009 CapEx program is directed toward liquids investments, but we'll note that our North American gas inventory position is particularly deep and geographically widespread between the Barnett, Haynesville, Marcellus, Horn River and Uinta basin. Practically speaking, we can grow our North American gas production at any annual rate between zero and double-digit per year growth for at least the next seven years by simply deciding what level of capital to deploy each year. We already have the organic inventory captured at early mover cost levels. We have included a chart in the new IR presentation posted on our Web site showing EOG's total Barnett shale production growth through 2012. Our feelings about the growth power of the EOG's Barnett are consistent with what we noted in our February 2008 Analyst Conference; i.e., the combo play will generate aggregate Barnett gas plus liquids growth for many years. And sixth, we'll accomplish the above while maintaining one of the lowest net debt to cap ratio in the peer group and keeping our focus on high reinvestment rates of return and concomitant strong ROCEs. While we are on the subject of return I continue to be amazed that both the buy and sell side treat the large write-offs we have recently seen as one-time event and non-cash charges even though it was cash at the time of investment. It's my belief, by doing so, investors are sending the signal to EMP management to generate volume growth without regard to investment rate of return and if it doesn't work out, we'll allow you to treat it as a one-time event with essentially no valuation penalty. I'll close with the question to investors. Is that really the signal you want to send to EMP management? Thanks for listening. And now we'll go for Q&A. Vickie, you want to queue up the Q&A, please?
Operator: Absolutely. (Operator instructions). We'll take our first question from David Heikkinen with Tudor Pickering Holt.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Good morning, Mark. I had a question thinking about Horn River Basin, first production in July 2008 versus pipeline capacity. What should we expect in July '08 as you ramp up pipeline capacity into 2012? How does that ramp-up actually happen?
Mark Papa: Yes, in terms of production by 2012, we are slotting a rough idea somewhere in the range of about 120 million cubic feet a day by then. Somewhere between 120 million cubic feet a day and 150 million cubic feet a day. It's our belief that the majority of the production and aggregate from the Horn River Basin will really not start to come on until 2012 or later. Because we are on the West side of the basin, we get a little better pipeline access than someone on the East side, so we are going to get a bit more production likely earlier than others.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: And all your 2012 targets, those are exit rate for 2012 that you mentioned on the gulf?
Mark Papa: The 2012 number, for example, like the Barnett number, that's a full year average number.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. It's kind of mix and match like Manitoba that would be yearend exit rate that Canada gas then 120 would be an exit rate?
Mark Papa: That's probably a full year average on that one too. Yes, so the one that to exit rate is the Manitoba.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. And going through each area can you talk about cost as far as first Barnett Gas Hill County and Western County and then Barnett Combo? And that's it. Thank you.
Mark Papa: In the Barnett gas, which would be the Hill Johnson County area, we are looking at $2.8 million well cost right now. In the Barnett Combo play, we are looking at something like about $3.1 million, and then in the western areas, it's considerably lower, it's probably about $1.8 million. So the western areas are more shallow that's why well cost is cheaper there.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: And just one follow-up on the combo, is drills and wells and pallet into county as well as that part of the combo play or is that part of the western? Just trying to get an idea where the border is for combo versus western.
Mark Papa: Yes. When we talk about combo play we are really saying anything that gives us a rich liquid yield on there. So it could cover an area bigger than just Montague County.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Does that include Palicento [ph]?
Mark Papa: May or may not.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Fair enough.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Tom Gardner with Simmons & Co.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Good morning, everyone. Hey, Mark, I had a question on your rail project. Is there anyway you can give us an idea of the total impact on your Bakken and oil differential without giving away company secrets?
Mark Papa: Well, obviously, we are still in negotiations, they haven't finalized it, so I really don't want to give a lot of details about the current agreement. But just to give you some rough ideas if you look at the fourth quarter of '08 and really the first quarter of '09, the stuff that we were able to get in the pipeline, all we can get the pipeline was a reasonable tariff, but the stuff that we had to truck out of there, we were paying an up to $25 a barrel to get that crude truck to places like Salt Lake City and in some cases we truck to all the way to Cushing, Oklahoma which was absurd. And as we look at this we said, well, there is one pipeline out there. It's called Inbridge oil pipeline. The problem is it's pretty well maxed out and we can't get all oil in there because of the upsurge in western North Dakota production, so we said our first priority is to get as much oil as we can in that Inbridge line, but we expect we'll be producing so much incremental oil above that, that we have to find an option over and above the trucking. And this unit rail car is an option that we ended up with and it will considerably lower differential in many cases, it's essentially competitive with the Inbridge pipeline tariff issue.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Great. Thank you. And I appreciate your comments on gas macro. I wanted to get your thoughts on this inventory of drill, but uncompleted wells specifically how do you think this inventory has changed over time and what do you think its impact on sort of the gas supply equation will be?
Mark Papa: Yes. I don't think it's really a major factor there, Tom. The people who generally are talking about it at the gas inventory of drill, but not yet completed wells are really the people operating in the urban areas of the Barnett Shale and that's been a chronic problem years and years and years ago. The issue is, you drill a well in the urban areas of Barnett Shale and it may be one year or two years before you can get a pipeline outlet, get it out of there so there's no real reason to hurry up and complete the well. So our read is that particularly in the Barnett urban areas is that inventory will bleed off over time, but it's not going to affect our view of the macro. So I think that particular aspect of the gas market may have been overstressed. We don't think is that big of the deal.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Yes, I agree. Just from an EOG perspective companywide, what is your average time from say the rig moving off a well to the time that's on sale?
Mark Papa: I'll ask Gary Thomas to deal that one.
Gary Thomas: On the Barnett, it takes about 45 days to 60 days. And then that depends on how active you are with completion fleets. We've got three completion fleets there in the Barnett that are under long-term contract to us. So we are just utilizing those. So our time from rig released to completion is a little stretched through 2009.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Do you think that number would hold up companywide on at least on the gas side?
Gary Thomas: Depends on if it's horizontal or vertical wells. If it's vertical wells, it's just a matter of weeks. Probably most all vertical wells are going to be completed on sales within 30 days. The horizontals where we hold up and drill a couple and then just counting on complete it together, that's when you have the longer period of time between rig released and final completion.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Co.: Thank you, guys. Appreciate your comments.
Operator: Our next question will come from J.P. Morgan Joe Allman.
Joe Allman – J.P. Morgan: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Mark, I know you said you didn't want to give any specific details on the Haynesville, or the Horn River, but people talk about that Gammage well in east Texas. Could you give us some color on that? And could you just give us some color on the east Texas, Haynesville? How results are looking there, what you are doing? And I got a couple of follow ups.
Mark Papa: Yes. Joe, we can acknowledge that there is a Gammage well. We'll share that information. We're currently in the completion and testing phase of that well and really don't have anything further to report on it. And we know it's very, very closely watched well, but at this time it would just be premature to give any information on it.
Joe Allman – J.P. Morgan: Any color about the east Texas, any results you have seen to-date?
Mark Papa: I don't want to go there right now, Joel.
Joe Allman – J.P. Morgan: Okay. Got you. And then just in terms of the first quarter results, the oil production was better than guided. Given the fact you shut in half of your Bakken production, can you explain why the oil was better than guided?
Mark Papa: Yes. Some of it is due to just the fact that our Bakken wells are doing a bit better than what we had projected. And the other piece of it is really our Barnett combo production is starting to feed in pretty nicely now.
Joe Allman – J.P. Morgan: Okay. Got you. And then in terms of the question on the Bakken production and the rail and pipeline, when you got that rail system up and running, how much capacity do you have to pipe and then how much capacity will be rail capacity?
Mark Papa: Yes, in terms of the pipeline capacity on a net basis, it's probably something like about 10,000 barrels a day. So on a net basis, the way to look at the rail is pretty much anything we do over 10,000 barrels a day net is likely to go out on a unit train and we got room for that to go up, we could easily be moving on a net basis, incremental 20,000 barrels a day on unit trains. The good thing about these unit trains are really just you can upside or you can downside it pretty readily just by how many trains you run basically.
Joe Allman – J.P. Morgan: Is that unit, is that exclusive to you or there are some other operators going to be moving oil there as well?
Mark Papa: We are making all the investments at a 100% EOG level and we expect once this thing gets up and running it's going to be a pretty effective third-party business for us in terms of other people coming to us and wanting to access.
Joe Allman – J.P. Morgan: Alright. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Goldman Sachs, Brian Singer.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. In the Manitoba area can you talk about any infrastructure constraint and what the assumptions and flexibility around the assumptions are for your guidance of 25 million barrels resource and 7,000 barrels a day to 8,000 barrels a day increased production by 2012?
Mark Papa: Yes. This is an old field that we define the geologic limits on it, 10 years to 15 years ago. And we've now drilled enough horizontal wells to give us a pretty good confidence level on what the proper spacing is between wells. So the 25 million barrel net after oil estimate, I would say, we have a high confident factor in that. It's not really potential. It's a stronger than potential situation. In terms of the infrastructure, we'll have to upsize the capacity of some of our surface facilities there to handle this, but that's a pretty routine deal. So this one is going to be relatively easy to upscale. Lot of these horizontal plays where the oil or gas we find such as in the Bakken area that there weren't a lot of infrastructure there or in our Barnett Combo area, so we have to build the infrastructure from ground up. In this Manitoba play we are fortunate enough that we got all the infrastructure there essentially.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And I guess because the geologic limits, that then cap be upside or do you view it, what could happen where that 25 million barrels could end up being much more, if anything?
Mark Papa: Yes, we may add some additional potential extended geologic limits, but this is not one where we're talking about 25 million barrels going to a 100 million barrels or so. The upside potential might be as high as 50, but we don't want to paint this as monstrous upside.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: And then switching to natural gas, when you look at some of the vertical areas you operate in, you went to basin, east Texas, south Texas, what gas price are you looking for given lower well costs where you would consider bringing back rigs when you think about the second half of this year and into 2010?
Mark Papa: Yes. We are pretty negative on the gas price throughout the year, so we are not really going to be looking at signals of gas price coming up to make us kind of add gas rigs. What we are really going to be looking at are the production data that comes out each month and to see whether our estimates are tracking correctly or not. And then also we're going to be looking at what happens to this gas rig count. In other words, if gas rig count falls below 650 by yearend, we probably be a bit more aggressive in gearing up our gas drilling conversely if the gas recount doesn't get below 750, we'd probably be very hesitant to step up gas drilling. So we are going to look beyond what the current gas price is to what do we expect to happen in 2010.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: But I guess at some point though when you think about it from an IRR perspective it would be based on your own internal gas price forecast for what that lower rig count would end up leading to. Any sense on numbers there what you think you would ultimately need to get attractive rates of return?
Mark Papa: Yes. I don't want to go at it that way, but I'm saying until we believe gas prices are going to get backup to $7, we are not going to get very aggressive on our gas activity. Basically from the tone of this call you can tell that we got a pretty deep oil and liquids inventory and we are going to be attacking that. I don't take that to say we need a $7 gas price to get a decent IRR gas drilling. What I'm saying is that we are seeing a fatter reinvestment rate of return on the liquid side than on the gas side and we don't see a big reason to go chasing a bunch of gas drilling, for example, if gas gets all the way up to $5.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thanks for the color.
Mark Papa: Okay.
Operator: Next we'll here from David Tameron with Wachovia.
David Tameron – Wachovia: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions. Mark, going back to the Bakken, if you start talking about Marathon and Wyene [ph] also have been out there, so they have shut in production and they are going to bring that back on April, May, if you bring back yours back on July, how tight would the infrastructure be between them and first part of 2010 before you get the potential rail project underway?
Mark Papa: Yes. The answer to that is it will probably tighten a bit more than today, and we just can't really accurately estimate that. What we do know is when we made the decision to cut the production with WTI was selling on a NYMEX $35 or so and now we are looking at something that's considerably higher than that. So one point to note, you bring up a good point. If we bring the production on in July and say in August, the cost to get the crude truck out of there just go up exponentially, we may just curtail production in September. So we are just going to watch it month by month, but our current estimate is that we think we are going to be okay, but we still will be suffering a dime on differential for the stuff that we can't get into the pipeline until February of 2010.
David Tameron – Wachovia: Okay. Alright. Let me go back to something else. You said you took off some hedges in the back half of 2010. Did I hear that correct?
Mark Papa: That's correct.
David Tameron – Wachovia: And those hedges were $10?
Mark Papa: Correct.
David Tameron – Wachovia: Are we just straight surface rig that you expect prices at or near those levels or was there something else financially going on as far as monetizing those hedges and bringing in the cash? Can you just talk about that decision?
Mark Papa: Yes, that was just a market call not so much on bringing the cash forward. It's really trying to call the low of the market for the second half of 2010, and we believe that perhaps we're getting somewhere near that low we feel pretty positively that by the second half of 2010 at least we are going to have good gas prices. I am not predicting $10, but what I'm saying is where we close amount that is somewhere near the native we believe.
David Tameron – Wachovia: Let me ask you one more question. As you think about, you mentioned briefly production guidance assumes no shut-in. Can you walk me through how you think about and how the board thinks about shut-in gas? Obviously, just picks out they are shutting gas and provides a little PP table. You hear last week and says we can drill more wells but we have economic wells to drill today, but we are not going to, because service costs have come down. Can you talk about just how you think about shut-in gas and deciding when to put these rigs back to work particularly on the gas side?
Mark Papa: Yes. On the gas rig side, there's a number of gas rigs that we had drilling with the exception of the Haynesville, where we have four rigs running that were earning acreage or preserving acreage there. In most other areas of North America, for gas drilling, we've reduced our gas drilling to the number of rigs, where we have term contracts. So essentially we've laid down all our rigs that aren't contracted through the year. So we made a decision that we are not going to try and buy out of contracts just because you pay the contract money and you get nothing in return or at least if you drill in you get something in return. So that's one of the guiding factors there. As to when we would specifically shut in gas, we have curtailed shut in gas the past several years, typically in September, and we have kind of a threshold well head price that in our minds and I won't give it, but basically, we are not too anxious to sell gas below that price. So the overall strategy of the company this year is we are not going to cramp gas into markets that are already full, if storage gets full before November, we'll probably react to it by curtailing some gas, but we'll just have to see how that plays out. But what we are really doing with the company is we are switching the company toward crude oil and NGL production because we think that's going to be a more consistent value basis on a go-forward basis. There is a chart that we released on the IR chart last night on our Web site that kind of shows the ratio we expect to get to in North America for liquids versus crude and the bottom line of that chart is it was a pretty low level two years, three years ago we expect by 2013, just to give you an example, in 2006, our North American production mix was 24% liquid, 76% gas. And currently it's about 35% liquids, 65% gas for this year, and we expect that ratio by 2013 to go somewhere liquids would be 45% to 50% of our total North American production mix. That's a 10 to 1 BTU equivalent ratio.
David Tameron – Wachovia: I know you won't give me a price but can you talk regionally and then I'll hang up, let somebody else jump up. But regionally if you look at how prices today and service cost and you expect the rate of returns, what would be one, two, three, first to be shut in, second and third if you address that point?
Mark Papa: Yes. Right now, as you look around our asset base, I'd say that the one area that may be the first target would be the Rockies that may have curtailment. The secondary would be the mid continent just because the prices are attracting closer to the Rockies there and Canada prices are holding up a little bit better and the Gulf Coast prices are hanging in there pretty well. So those might be much lower.
David Tameron – Wachovia: Okay. I appreciate. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Gil Yang with Citi.
Gil Yang – Citi: Hi, good morning, everyone. Mark, I'm curious retreat by your chart that shows the Barnett gas production beginning to pick up I guess beginning of 2010 or so. Couple of questions around that. You are saying that you would expect to see a supply response in the U.S. on the downward side April, May after rig count peaked back in September. So obviously there's a big delay. So looking at that chart for the incline of production in 2010, the first question is to get that gas start coming out of the ground faster in early 2010 when would you need to step up on the gas so speak to, accelerate your drilling program to get that to happen? How much in advance and how much of a delay essentially is there between when you accelerate activity and when that gas starts coming out of the ground?
Mark Papa: That's a good question, Gil. The predicate for the chart and this is a chart that's on our IR Web site again is that by the end of this year, we've seen enough on the macro picture, where we're feeling pretty confident that 2010 gas prices are going to be, shall we say, “decent” and basically in January of 2010 we ramp-up the gas drilling activity from the current, I believe, I said 11 weeks gas drilling right now that we ramped up to something in the range of about 15 gas rigs. So that production bump is the best estimate we have now. If we become a little less on the gas market for the first half of 2010 that bump might slide a little bit.
Gil Yang – Citi: I'm sorry. When would that bump up in activity start to happen?
Mark Papa: About January.
Gil Yang – Citi: And you think you can get a production response out pretty contemporaneously with that ramp-up in activity?
Mark Papa: Yes, within three months to four months of that I guess.
Gil Yang – Citi: I thought your chart shows a production responding pretty quickly. Yes. It shows it coming up in about three months. So that's about the same timeframe there.
Gil Yang – Citi: Moving on to something else, could you just give us an update on what's going on the Cleveland slide?
Mark Papa: Loren Leiker?
Loren Leiker: Yes, Gil. We are continuing with that one rig program the Cleveland right now similar to the other stories that you've heard this morning. We're focusing on oil. We found parts of the Cleveland where liquids are higher, liquid, NGLs where crude oil come with the gas. That's really where we are focusing our efforts right now.
Gil Yang – Citi: Is it actually oil and liquids or is it just wet gas?
Loren Leiker: It's actually oil and liquids in the reservoir. Only certain geologic parameters allow that to happen in parts of the field. It's not widespread, we have the Cleveland play, but we haven't had a very strong acreage position where that occurs by design and that's where we are focusing.
Gil Yang – Citi: Can you talk about the rates and costs?
Loren Leiker: Well, the costs really aren't different than what we're doing in a gas play as far as play well cost, the same story in terms of horizontal wells and ex-number of stages per well. In terms of rates, these wells can come on at 200 barrels a day, 300 barrels a day to 400 barrels a day then they fall off like any normal tight reservoir would and of course gas comes with it.
Gil Yang – Citi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on we'll hear from Leo Marinari with RBC Capital Markets.
Leo Marinari – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning here. Question related to your CapEx. You guys maintained your CapEx at $3.1 billion. Obviously, gas prices have come down a fair bit in the last couple of months. Do you folks still plan to spend cash flow this year?
Mark Papa: The answer is, Leo, on that that although we are keeping our CapEx flat, obviously the cash flow estimates have dropped a bit particularly with gas prices. So right now we can't say that we're going to stay within cash flow. If you just took the NYMEX prices for the remainder of the year for gas and oil, we are going to essentially slightly overspend the cash flow. But that's a decision that we've made and we're comfortable with it. It's our feeling that come at the end of the year we'll continue to have the lowest net debt-to-cap ratio of any company in the large cap independent peer group.
Leo Marinari – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Jumping over to Bakken here, can you give us an indication of how many barrels a day you currently have shut in up there?
Mark Papa: I don't have a number just off the top of our head on that, Leo, and it really vary depending on what it cost to truck on any given day and what wells we have that are shut in so. I don't want to get into too many specifics on that.
Leo Marinari – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Any update on your 320 acre drilling up there in the court Bakken?
Mark Papa: Yes. Pretty much where we are is that in the core area we think probably that's going to stay on 648 acre spacing and we are not going to down space that in a large way. When you get outside of the core area, to what we call the Bakken light area, which is we think a big growth area for us, there because rock quality is a little bit less, pressures are less, that that will probably end up being spaced on 320 acre spacing.
Leo Marinari – RBC Capital Markets: I guess given that, in terms of your Bakken drilling later this year and beginning 2010, is your activity more in the Bakken light area or do you still have remaining 640 acre location to core?
Mark Papa: We've got something like about 60 to 70 core locations yet to drill and then we got a bunch to complete this year. So the number would be something like about 100 core locations that are yet really to hit the production meter. And then the Bakken light is the area that we just don't know the aerial extend of that. We've previously reported that we've got four wells, five wells outside the core area that have surprised us positively, an average of about 300,000 barrels of oil per well and we'll be drilling more wells in the light in the second half of the year and evaluating this, but we think that's the big upside over and above the 80 million barrels that we already mentioned for what we think is in the core. We think the Bakken light is the area that over the next year may allow us to give a big reserve upside that, but we just haven't drilled enough well in a wide enough area to feel good about that and that's where the low oil price and these differentials have really slowed us down. We were geared up beginning of the year to get really serious cranking up in the Bakken light area, but then all the activity in the North Dakota area has just slowed down due to this very, very low oil prices in the first half of the year.
Leo Marinari – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Jumping over to your Barnett Combo play you guys said that you were surprised by the strong results in the first quarter which led to some of the oil production upside versus your guidance in North America. You talked about drilling those wells for $3.1 million. What type of EUR you're seeing on those and are those approved recently?
Mark Papa: We've got on our Web site there quoted about 210,000 barrels of oil equivalent is what our current estimate is on those. We believe that may well improve in time but we don't have any data to really show that now. What we are really seeing on the Barnett Combo play is it's really playing out exactly as we predicted in our February Analyst Conference. We said it would be 2009 before we can really attack this play because we needed to get the liquid stripping plant infrastructure built and here it is 2009 we are attacking the play. So it's a shame in a way that we control the vast majority of the acreage because you as an analyst don't really get to triangulate on it, you can count some of the other operators there and confirm our results, but this is the one play where we are just highly dominant and the numbers are starting to show in terms of what we expect for production when we're quoting, growing up to 42,000 barrels a day liquids coming out of the Barnett and not too many years clearly the majority of that is going to be coming out of the combo play.
Leo Marinari – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I guess is there going to be any issue on the ramp-up there in terms of infrastructure? Obviously you got your liquid stripping plant there in the first quarter. Is there any plans to put more money into infrastructure there or is that plan can be able to handle lot of the ramp-up in the next year?
Mark Papa: Yes, we've got the infrastructure pretty well sorted out. I'll give you just a couple of other quotes on the combo play just the impact of the combo play you may find interesting. In 2009, out of our total Barnett production we expect 85% of it to be gas and 15% to be combination of oil and NGLs. So 85-15 this career. 2012, that number is going to go down to 64% gas, 36% liquids. So you can just see that we're going to become much more of a liquid company coming out of the Barnett than we currently are.
Leo Marinari – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot for your time.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ellen Hannan with Weeden & Company.
Ellen Hannan – Weeden & Company: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up on that last comment, Mark, in terms of your liquids output in the Barnett Combo. Can you give us a feel of how much of the liquids would be natural gas liquids versus crude oil and then further on the pricing on NGL in that area is that more determined by the market for natural gas or for crude oil itself?
Mark Papa: Yes, the pricing of NGLs and part of our infrastructure issue is we're going to be able to pipe those NGLs to the mart welding hub which is kind of the Henry hub of NGLs, if you will. So the pricing for the NGL is we expect it to be keyed off from crude. Typically 60% to 65% of crude oil is what the NGL mix typically is. And what we've said about the combo play previously is that if you really look at the production from a typical combo well, it's about one-third crude oil, one-third NGLs, and one-third actual natural gas, just like other natural gas. So a significant mix of that combo play composition is going to be NGLs.
Ellen Hannan – Weeden & Company: Okay. Thanks. I just wanted to clarify. In your opening remarks you talked about the mid-year of your production for the year being in the fourth quarter, are you looking at that total companywide or are you just talking about your U.S, gas production?
Mark Papa: That's North American gas.
Ellen Hannan – Weeden & Company: Thanks. One just final question for you. EOG had any staff reductions?
Mark Papa: No, we have not. In fact we are selectively adding this year and we don't anticipate any staff reductions.
Ellen Hannan – Weeden & Company: Great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Ellen.
Operator: Gentlemen, that is all the time that we have for questions today. We'll go ahead and turn things back over for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Papa: I don't have any further closing remarks. I just want to thank everyone for being on the call with us and we'll talk again in three months.
Operator: That does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for joining. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Papa – Chairman & CEO Tim Driggers – VP & CFO Gary Thomas – Senior EVP, Operations Loren Leiker – Senior EVP, Exploration
Analysts: Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt Gil Yang – Citigroup Joe Allman – JPMorgan Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs Ben Dell – Sanford Bernstein Leo Mariani – RBC
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Papa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. I hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings and operational result. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our Web site at www.eogresources.com. The SEC currently permits producers to disclose only crude reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates in this conference call and webcast including those for the Barnett shale, North Dakota Bakken, Horn River and Hainesville may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release, and investor relations page of our Web site. An updated investor relations presentation and statistics were posted to our Web site last night. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP of exploration, Gary Thomas, Senior EVP of Operations, Bob Garrison, EVP of Exploration, Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO, Moira Baldwin, Vice President and Investor Relations, and Jim Falconi, Manager of Engineering and Reserves. We filed an 8-K with first quarter and full-year 2009 guidance yesterday afternoon. I'll discuss our 2009 business plan in a minute when I review operations. I'll now review our fourth quarter and full-year net income available to common stockholders and discretionary cash flow and then I will review our year-end reserves and finding costs. I will follow that with a discussion of our macro hydrocarbon view, our 2009 business plan, and an operational review. As outlined in our press release, for the fourth quarter, EOG reported net income available to common stockholders of $461 million or $1.84 per share and $2.4 billion or $9.72 per share for the full year 2008. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts and focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stockholders to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain one-time adjustments as outlined in the press release, EOG's fourth quarter adjusted net income available to common stockholders was $186 million or $0.74 per share and $1.9 billion or $7.50 per share for the full year. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts, we focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG Bcf for the fourth quarter was $911 million and $4.6 billion for the full year. There are three salient points that emanate from these fourth quarter and full year results. First, on a GAAP net income basis, we achieved a 26% ROCE for 2008. On a non-GAAP net income basis which includes realized gains from hedging but eliminate the mark-to-market impact and a gain on sale of our Appalachian assets we achieved a 20% ROCE. As in past years, we believe we will likely lead the peer group in terms of 2008 ROCE. Second, in February 2008, we provided 15% as our total company organic growth target, and we hit that number exactly for the full year. And third, we had no significant financial writedowns and as I'll discuss in a minute, no major reserve revisions. In a quarter that contains a lot of meaningful industry, financial and reserve writedowns, I believe this is a testament to the way EOG runs its business. Now I will address 2008 reserve replacement and finding costs. We replaced 228% of our production at a $2.60 per Mcfe all-in cost including total revisions and excluding gathering systems, processing plants and other expenditures. The vast majority of our reserve adds occurred in the U.S., the significant contributions from the Barnett shale and the Rocky Mountain areas. In the U.S., we replaced 270% of production at a $2.52 per Mcfe all-in cost excluding gathering systems, processing plant and other expenditures. Our total price related reserve revisions were a negative 75 Bcfe. And if these are excluded our finding costs would be $2.50 per Mcfe. I'm very proud to note that our price induced reserved revisions were nominal, particularly in contrast to others. I believe this speaks to the quality and inherent economics of our booked reserves. Total company reserves increased 12% to 8.7 Bcfe. The ratio of PUDs at year-end 2008 was 24%, essentially the same as last year. For the 21st consecutive year, the Galier McNaughton [ph] has done a complete engineering analysis of our reserves, and their overall number was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered 79% of our reserves this year. I'll now address our hydrocarbon macro view and then our 2009 business plan. Regarding North American gas, we expect the gas recount to average 950 in 2009 versus 1,500 last year. We expect domestic gas production to begin to decline by mid-year and by year-end we expect it will be down about 2.5 Bcf a day from December 2008 levels. We also expect Canadian production to decline about 0.8 Bcf a day this year. We think the recession induced industrial demand weakness will override the effect of the gas supply decline during 2009, but we expect the gas price to rebound an average $8 to $8.50 in 2010 as the supply declines and recovery and industrial demand take effect. Regarding oil, we expect prices to be weak in the first half of this year and strengthen during the second half, ending the year at about $60 to $75 as the OPEC cuts affect inventories. Given that macro outlook and current gas prices, our 2009 business plan is predicated on the following items. First, continue to run the company as a business with returns as the main criteria and not volume growth. Second, don't spend capital to grow volume and cram them into currently oversupplied gas and oil markets. Third, keep CapEx and cash flow roughly balanced. And fourth, continue to generate horizontal resource play ideas. Accordingly, we expect to grow volumes at roughly a 3% rate this year, predicated on $5 gas and we're taking particularly critical steps regarding Bakken oil production which I'll discuss in a minute. Even with reduced production from the Bakken, we expect to increase our 2009 total company crude oil condensate and NGL production by 14% year-over-year. Based on our sober outlook for 2009 gas prices, we're throttling back our gas drilling and expect to generate minus 1% North American gas growth this year. Last year, we averaged 73 total drilling rigs, and this year we'll average about 45 rigs in our overall drilling program. Given that conceptual framework, I'll now discuss some of our key plays. Our North Dakota Bakken play continues to yield good well results. As indicated in the press release, we are now designating the Parshall field as the Bakken core and the extension beyond the Parshall field were designating as the Bakken light. Although the operations remain strong, the transportation and crude price differentials have caused us to alter our plan and development regarding this high quality asset. As I mentioned on our last quarterly call, the overall industry Bakken volumes have subsumed the current crude and casing head gas pipeline infrastructure capacity, greatly expanding location differentials. Our current production capacity is about 25,000 net barrels oil per day from the Bakken. Roughly half of that volume is being piped to Clearbrook, Minnesota. Since this oil pipeline is maxed out, we're currently trucking the remaining half of our production to refineries as far away as Utah and Oklahoma. Given the high trucking costs and low WTI prices, we're receiving an unacceptably low oil head net back for this 12,500 barrels of net oil per day. We're currently working on alternate permanent transportation outlets for our crude and casing head gas, and we expect to have those in place by the fourth quarter. Until we get this transportation problem fixed, we have reduced our production to minimize the amount of oil being trucked and the concomitant low wellhead netbacks. It just doesn't make sense to us to squander the economic value of this asset by producing it at very low wellhead netbacks especially when we expect those netbacks to improve considerably later in the year when we solve infrastructure hurdles. I'll also note that absent our Bakken reductions, our 2009 production growth would be 5% to 7%. On the Bakken capital and drilling side, we expect to maintain a reasonable level of 2009 capital investments in this asset, so that we'll have high deliverability later this year. Our recent drilling results in the core area are similar to what I've reported in previous quarters. Simply put, our drilling results from the core continue to be excellent, and even with today's oil price, the core remains economic. In 2007, the average IP rate on all our activity was 1,500 barrels of oil a day with gross reserves per well averaging 880,000 barrels of oil. For 2008, we average 1,700 average barrels of oil per day as an IP rate with 820,000 barrels on the average gross reserves per well. In the noncore area, which we call the Bakken light, we now have production tests from three wells and logs from two additional wells that are waiting on completion. Results from these wells indicate typical reserves of 250,000 barrels of oil to 300,000 barrels of oil and we are targeting a $4.5 million completed well cost. This Bakken light area requires roughly $50 WTI oil to be economic. We're very encouraged by results from these five wells and believe we have a lot of running room in this Bakken light area. Because of low current WTI prices and netbacks, we plan it reduce our 2009 activity in both the core and light areas from 10 rigs to five rigs. To summarize the Bakken, we have approximately 400,000 net acres in the play, with the premier acreage position in what we believe should be recognized as one of the bigger and most economic onshore North American oil plays. We continue to estimate the reserve potential on our acreage to be greater than 80 million barrels of oil equivalent net. I'll note that 48 million barrels of oil equivalent net were booked at December 31, 2008. I'll now move to the Barnett where I'll separately discuss the gas and oil plays. In the gas play our drilling and production results continue to be excellent. I was also pleased to read a recent third party report whereby all industry Barnett wells were thoroughly analyzed and the report conclusion was “Based on well performance, EOG should be considered the premier Barnett shale player in our view.” Our 2008 results in Johnson and Hill County's pretty much replicated our 2007 results in that the average per well reserve for the 335 wells that we drilled during 2008 in those two counties was 2.0 net Bcf, exactly the same number as in 2007. Even though this play is now more mature and we're drilling wells on closer spacing. I'll also note that our results in the western counties on a per well reserve basis are better than in 2007. So that part of the play is also performing as we expected. Given these consistent results, the only variable is how much capital we deploy into this gas asset during 2009. We intend to drill 200 Barnett gas wells in 2009 as compared to 390 in 2008. We're simply trimming activity based on our macro view of gas prices. In the Barnett oil play, we advise investors that this would be a 2009 and not a 2008 event because of infrastructure issues. Since it's now 2009, we're happy to report that during the past six months, we've completed 22 horizontal wells that have tested with the IP rates averaging 300 barrels of oil a day, 130 barrels of NGLs per day and 940 Mcf a day of natural gas fitting our reserve model. At a $2.1 million to $3.1 million completed oil cost depending on depth and using today's hydrocarbon prices. These wells generate a 15 to 50, 5-0% unlevered after tax reinvestment rate of return which is a very positive indicator for this project. We've identified a 50 million barrel oil equivalent net, low risk development drilling area for 2009. And we'll also be stepping out to further expand the area. Because of the current sluggish oil prices, we're not planning to jump into a massive 2009 development program for this asset. We intend to drill about 60 wells in 2009. We currently believe the likely accumulation on our acreage is greater than 200 million barrels oil equivalent net, and it's probable that we'll define this piece by piece as we've done with the first 50 million barrel tranche. I'll also note that this represents only about 2% recovery of the hydrocarbons in place and we're still working on ways to improve the recovery factor. I want to note two additional items regarding this play. First, we're going to change the nomenclature of this play from Barnett oil to Barnett Combo because unlike the Bakken where the vast majority of the revenue stream is derived from oil, the revenue and product stream from the Barnett wells is roughly 1/3 oil, 1/3 NGLs, and 1/3 gas, hence the Combo name. Secondly, I'll again reiterate that these are not ultra high rate wells like the Bakken. The typical combo well, IPs at 300 barrels of oil a day with 130 barrels a day of NGLs and roughly $1 million a day of natural gas. To summarize, we commissioned our gas plant last week and we're now going into a development mode on this big scope play and expect to have further positive results throughout the year. For the total Barnett gas and combo plays, we average 453 million cubic feet a day equivalents during 2008 in line with the target we gave on our November call. We also have positive news to report from our first two EOG operated horizontal Hainesville wells. The Martin Timber #2 edge and the Bedsole 27#1H wells in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana each tested at gross rate of 17 million cubic feet a day. EOG has a 157% working interest in these wells respectively. I note that because of pipeline limitations, wells are currently flowing to sales at a combined restricted rate of 17 million cubic feet a day. We currently have 116,000 net acres in the Hainesville play, and believe we have a three to four net Bcf potential on our acreage. We expect to drill 14 Hainesville wells in 2009. In the British Columbia Horn River Basin, we intend to continue a steady program and drill seven horizontal wells compared to six last year. We now have six months of sustained production from several of our wells and are encouraged that this program will likely be competitive with other North American shale plays. We're also encouraged that the BC government is considering royalty incentives to help offset the challenge of the remote location and associated costs and make the play more competitive with other North American gas plays. We have 157,500 net acres in the play and it's worthwhile noting that EOG's current activity is on the west side of the play there is access to a separate gas pipeline infrastructure with current adequate capacity for a near-term forecasted volume growth. The pipeline will be expanded in the future to meet increases in drilling activity. We currently believe that takeaway infrastructure for the overall field won't happen until early 2012. But given our current access to takeaway capacity we expect to be able to slowly ramp up production each year so our Horn River production growth profile will be steady year-by-year rather than a hockey stick slope. Regarding the Pennsylvania Marcellus Play, in total, we have 220,000 net acres. On our previous quarterly call we indicated we proven up about 40,000 acres in Bradford County by drilling two wells with two net Bcf of reserves each. Additionally, we recently proved up additional acreage, we own via an NFG farmout by successfully testing the COP 409 #3H well in Elf County [ph] which we believe is a 1.6 Bcf net well. We plan to operate one rig in Pennsylvania this year. Our normal operation is Rockies (inaudible) and Texas continued to perform very well as evidenced by our attractive overall 2008 finding costs. Because of time constraints, I won't go into play-by-play detail at this time regarding these areas. But I will provide our downshift in activity in 2009 and several of our core gas plays. In the Uinta and Green River Basins we expect to drill 109 wells this year versus 271 wells in 2008. In our Saskatchewan and southern Alberta shallow gas area, go downshifts from 470 wells last year to 140 wells this year. I'll also note that we drilled two wells in our Colorado North Park oil project during the fourth quarter that are producing 500 barrels of oil a day and 300 barrels of oil a day. We are going to defer further significant activity in this project until oil prices recover. Switching to our operations outside of North America, in Trinidad, the third party M5000 Methanol Plant was down for repairs the entire quarter. Our net contracted volume to this plant is 75 million cubic feet a day and due to the plant down time, we produced less in the fourth quarter than was indicated in the November guidance 8-K. The plant is now back on line and we expect production in Trinidad to increase compared to last year. Although we have several Tcf of prospects on our existing acreage, we don't intend to drill any wells in Trinidad during 2009, and we reevaluate our exploration activity when prices are stronger. In China, we'll commence our drilling program in few weeks and run one rig throughout the year. During the fourth quarter, we obtained the rights to a potential oil zone in our acres. Now we have at least two target intervals, two gas and one interval. We plan to test both zones with horizontal wells. In the North Sea area, we had no drilling activity during 2008, but we plan to drill three exploration wells this year. Two oil and one gas. Two of these will be in the East Irish Sea and one in the Central North Sea. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss CapEx and capital structure.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Mark. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $12.5 million and for the year was $42.6 million. For the fourth quarter 2008, total exploration and development expenditures were $1.2 billion. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant and equipment were $156 million. For the full year, total exploration and development expenditures were $4.9 billion with only $109 million of acquisitions. In addition, total gathering, processing, and other expenditures were $477 million. For 2008, approximately 25% of the drilling program CapEx was exploration, and 75% was for development. At year-end 2008, total debt outstanding was $1.9 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 17%. At December 31, we had $331 million of cash, giving us non-GAAP net debt of $1.6 billion, for a net debt to total cap ratio of 15%, up slightly from 14% at year-end 2007. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 37%. The effective tax rate for the year was 35% and the deferred tax ratio was 87%. We also announced another increase of the dividend on the common stock. This is the 10th increase in 10 years. Effective with the next dividend, the annual indicated rate is $0.58 per share. Yesterday, we filed a Form 8-K with first quarter and full year 2009 guidance. For the full year 2009, the 8-K has an effective tax range of 35% to 45% and a deferral percentage of less than 10%. The deferred tax ratio is expected to decline from prior years due to reduced capital expenditures and IDC [ph] expensing. The effective tax rate will depend in large part on the relative levels of foreign and domestic pretax income. Estimated exploration and development capital expenditures for 2009 excluding acquisitions are $2.85 billion estimating gathering, processing, and other expenditures for $250 million. Now I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss our hedge position and concluding remarks.
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. For 2009, we have 43% of our North American gas hedge at a $9.73 price per floor including both financial and physical hedges. For 2010 we have 60 million cubic feet of gas a day collar or swap at an average $9.96 floor. We have no oil hedges, and we do have a small amount of 2009 through 2011 Rocky basis swaps. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are five important points to take away from this call. First, we achieved a 26% ROCE for 2008 and likely led the peer group in this regard, which further confirms our multi-year ROCE differentiation versus other companies. Second, 2008, we're likely one of the few peer companies that did not have substantial asset impairments or reserve writedowns. Additionally, we posted an attractive $2.60 per Mcfe all-in finding cost including price revisions. In my opinion, financial returns matter, particularly in the current environment. Asset impairments are often dismissed as noncash or nonrecurring. But these impairments do reflect cash that indeed was spent and now has to be written down because the investment value has dropped due to lower commodity prices. I'll also note that in my opinion, I think both the sell side and the buy side tend to underestimate the importance of the fact that we have no asset impairments nor any substantial reserve writedowns. Third, we're committed to keeping our debt low. In today's environment, I certainly don't have to remind this audience about the negative consequences of high leverage in any industry. Our dividend increase although small signifies our confidence in our go forward game plan. Fourth, as promised, we've now reported substantial tangible results regarding our Barnett combo play. This is important because the prize here is very big. Additionally, we've confirmed our first Hainesville success and noted further success in the Bakken light, Horn River and Marcellus plays. It's important to note that EOG has the premier position in what we believe are the top two large size oil plays in the onshore U.S. the Bakken and Barnett. With this line up in inventory, we expect to generate – we continue to generate superior reinvestment rates of return compared to others in both up and down hydrocarbon price cycles. And fifth, we're continuing to work on new horizontal ideas and will disclose them whenever we've got acreage positions locked up and tested a few wells. Thanks for listening. And now we'll go to Q&A.
Tim Driggers: Trisha, do you want to hook us into Q&A?
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll go to Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Papa: Hey, Tom.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company:  Hey, Mark. With respect to your capital expenditure outlays in 2009, are there likely to be somewhat evenly distributed or front or back-end loaded?
Mark Papa: They will probably be a bit front end loaded simply because we'll be in the process of shedding rigs throughout the year and so the expenditures in the first half of the year will be likely more than 50% of the total $3.1 billion CapEx.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: With that 2010 recovery comes a little early do you think you might pick up CapEx?
Mark Papa: Yes. We certainly got the flexibility to do that. But the plan we're articulating now is one based upon the assumption that gas prices remained pretty dismal throughout 2009.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: Is EOG currently drilling but not completing wells in some areas?
Mark Papa: Yes, the answer to that is yes, Tom, particularly doing that in areas that are susceptible to cold weather. For example, in the Bakken play, and also in our Bakken oil play and also in our Uinta Basin gas play, we're currently drilling wells and just going to wait for completion at least until late spring simply because to frac those wells in the winter time you have to heat the water and there is lot of incremental costs with that and we just in no hurry to rush production and cram it into a market currently has signs of oversupply.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: Other operators are doing inventory in those drilled, but not completed wells, too. Do you think that's going to be impactful to the timing or duration of the gas market recovery when it comes?
Mark Papa: I know, Tom, there has been some comments by others relating to the Barnett shales. People have said they're slowing down in the Barnett shale and – but they have an inventory of wells yet to be completed. We've done a pretty thorough modeling of the Barnett shale on the gas side. And based on what we see, the signs, with the recount dropping and also factoring in that there is an inventory of wells yet to be completed, it's our belief that the Barnett shale is going to peak at about 4.9 Bcf a day in the first quarter of this year. And by the end of this year the Barnett shale will be down to about 4.3 Bcf a day. In other words, it's going to drop about 600 million cubic feet a day from the peak. So although there are inventories of completed wells, I think the example in the Barnett shale is that, number one, I certainly don't believe it's going to go to six Bcf a day and we think the first quarter is going to be the apogee of the production growth from it. That doesn't say that the Barnett is completely tapped out. What it says is that there is a huge amount of people who are dropping rigs in the Barnett and likely moving them – moving their activity to the Hainesville.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: One last question and then I'll hop off. Just wanted to see how your view of the Hainesville has changed over time. Obviously those were sweet wells that you drilled, first two at over $17 million a day. What do you think is fundamentally different to your ingoing expectations?
Mark Papa: Yes, our prior position on previous calls, the Hainesville was – was what I'll call studiously neutral. And we said that we're not going to opine on the Hainesville until we get some EOG operated wells drilled on our own. Now that we've got two good wells under our belt, it's our feeling that the Hainesville is a real play. The question is what's going to be the total aerial extent of it. And then the other question is it impacts the gas market is what is the short-term takeaway capacity from the overall Hainesville. And at one point in time will there be an expanded pipeline system to take additional gas out of the Hainesville. But bottom line is we moved from neutral to positive play based on EOG operated well results.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: Thanks, Mark.
Mark Papa: Okay.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Heikkinen with Tudor Pickering Holt.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Good morning. Just a question on the rig count and dropping how quickly drop rigs and are you paying any terminations to drop?
Mark Papa: The answer on the second part, Tom, is no. We're not paying any terminations to drop. In terms of how quickly we're dropping them, I don't know Gary Thomas, you want to opine?
Gary Thomas: Yes, we had a peak of 82 rigs there in September and we're down to 64 now. We've got about 36 rigs under long-term contract. By year-end we'll be down to about 13 rigs under long-term. So just us being at 64 now averaging 45, it will just be like Mark had mentioned on our CapEx, little heavily weighted first half, probably mid-year or so we'll be down to 40 rigs.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Thanks. And then on the Barnett combo play, just looking at the move towards more gas and NGLs away from oil, can you talk about how large an area you now think is perspective for the combo play and then the new resource assessment of 200 million barrels. Where have your wells been and what have you confirmed?
Mark Papa: Yes, David. What we feel we've pretty well firmed up by the drilling we did in the second half of 2008 is an area that's got low risk development locations sufficient to generate about 50 million barrels of oil equivalent net to EOG. And what we're going to do this year is basically concentrate most of our drilling in this development area and drill a few step out wells to go beyond that. It's our belief that this project will expand or kind of maybe in 50 million barrel tranches and what our game plan is this year is hopefully to get well into development of the first 50 million tranche and by year-end have the second 50 million barrel oil tranche pretty well firmed up and just kind of step in that particular mechanism. If we would have been in a higher oil price environment and gas price environment, we'd be tramping down on the accelerator on this play, but in the current environment, we're going to just kind of proceed at a moderate pace but I think what is telling is the fact that we're generating somewhere between a 15 and a 5-0, 50% after-tax unlevered the investment rate of return at current hydrocarbon prices, which I think speaks well to the efficacy of the play. What you haven't heard probably on too many earnings calls is that the inherent economics in most of these plays in North America, current hydrocarbon prices are very, very weak. On oil plays, I'd say that for all of North America, you've got the Barnett core and the Bakken – sorry, the Bakken core and then the Barnett combo portion that are economic in today's prices. But I don't think there is anything in the deep water, nothing up in the heavy oil and nothing substantive that I'm aware of in the rest of North America that seems at these kind of prices. So it's a pretty stressed time for oil development and also gas development in terms of returns.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: And then in the UK, can you talk about the size of what you're exploring for both in the East Irish Sea and Central North Sea? That's my last question.
Tim Driggers: Yes, David. We have two wells planned, two oil gas planned in East Irish Sea. One is – the one is gas. Gas prospect is probably 90 Bcf to 100 Bcf gross size and we're 70% working interest. The oil prospects is around 50 million barrels, again 70%. And then in the Central Graben of the North Sea we have one oil prospect we're going to drill as operator, 30 million barrel to 50 million barrel size, we're 43% working interest in that well.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gil Yang with Citigroup.
Gil Yang – Citigroup: Good morning. Couple of oil questions. Mark, you commented that in the Bakken you would be – you're drilling more than you're putting on line. You have spare deliverability. Can you give us – can you quantify that in any way?
Mark Papa: I guess the best way to quantify is that if we add all our stuff producing full capacity now, we will be producing about 25,000 barrels a day. By the end of the year that number will probably be up in the range of 40,000 barrels a day to 45,000 barrels a day.
Gil Yang – Citigroup: 40 to 45?
Mark Papa: Yes, somewhere in that range.
Gil Yang – Citigroup: Okay. And then looking at the – looking at the combo play, can you – is the growth that you're going to see for the company as a whole coming from gas liquid coming out of the combo or are there other regions of significant NGL growth?
Mark Papa: Yes, there is two places of NGL growth relative to last year. One place is the Barnett in our western counties, in the gas Barnett. There were some limitations on gas processing last year and those have been fixed. So we'll have a full year of stripping out more liquids from the western Barnett counties. And then of course we've got in the – the northern Barnett, the combo play for now commissioning our processing plant and we'll be stripping out the NGLs for the combo play. And then the last item really relates to the Barnett. And I – I mean – the Bakken, excuse me. The Bakken, I said is really challenged on infrastructure issues on the oil side and also on the casing head gas side. And we're going to fix the casing head gas problem by laying a 75 mile pipeline to tie into alliance pipeline whereby – by sometime we believe in the third quarter, early third quarter we will be able to pipe our gas and extract everything from ethane and above and sell those in the Chicago market. So for the second half of the year we're going to see more natural gas liquids coming from the Bakken also.
Gil Yang – Citigroup: Okay, great. And last question is, today's economics, do you expect there to be less stripping in the mid-continent than in the past year or two?
Mark Papa: Yes, our read is the best barometer on NGLs is that they are generally been a function of crude oil and our logic is we do expect crude oil price at the firm in the second half of the year and we expect NGL prices to firm it kind of in line with that, which would give reasons for to maximize stripping certainly in the second half of the year if we're right at the hydrocarbon forecast.
Gil Yang – Citigroup: But if that doesn't happen, sort of that if you freeze today's economics, what do you think would happen over the next year?
Mark Papa: Well, it would be less stripping, but, it's just in the assumption that one may exist to what's going to happen to relative hydrocarbon prices and our assumption is that gas for the full year is not going to be particularly robust whereas hydrocarbons in terms of liquids will be more robust in the second half of the year.
Gil Yang – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much, Mark.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman – JPMorgan: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Papa: Hi, Joe.
Joe Allman – JPMorgan: Mark, in terms of – in terms of the infrastructure in the Bakken, you mentioned that casing a gas line, what other requirements do you have there to improve capacity in the Bakken?
Mark Papa: Yes, the casing head gas line will fix the gas takeaway problem. The oil takeaway problem, we're looking at several options right now and it's certainly possible that the option we might land on is to rail car incremental barrels out of there, rail car those barrels either to Oklahoma or to all the way down to the ship channel – Houston ship channel here. And so we're evaluating those items. But it's our expectation that by the fourth quarter we'll have something sorted out and in place regarding the crude oil transportation portion of it.
Joe Allman – JPMorgan: Okay. And as it would seem that production would be declining with a lot less activity there and some of that Montana Bakken oil declining, are you seeing some opening of pipeline capacity as we move through early 2009 here?
Mark Papa: Well, we're certainly seeing the number of well drilling in the Bakken right now, a number of rigs operating is dropping pretty precipitously right now. This is by the entire industry and so there will be some decline in the production and that will make a little more space in the pipeline, but our view is that long-term there was so much potential up there in the Bakken that there is going to have to be a very, very significant pipeline infrastructure change and that might be two years to three years away to take away all the pipeline, everything by pipeline. So that's why we're looking at other alternatives such as rail cost.
Joe Allman – JPMorgan: Got you. And then moving over to the Barnett combo. What kind of infrastructure requirements do you have there?
Mark Papa: We spent 2008 pretty much putting those infrastructure items in place. So we're essentially good to go from this point forward and don't anticipate any infrastructure limitations there. So the question there really is how much capital do you deploy into the play and what's the relative economics of it and relative to the hydrocarbon prices and the economics are already there. The limitation we have is we want to be roughly balanced on cash flow and CapEx and so we're not going to overspend to go hog wild in this play during 2009.
Joe Allman – JPMorgan: Got you. Mark, earlier when you talked about current hydrocarbon prices giving you up to a 50% or so rate of return, you were talking about the strip there, right?
Mark Papa: Yes, basically just taking the strip for taking current prices and using the NYMEX and not even not to 10 years or so. Not really going with any big hockey stick in oil and gas.
Joe Allman – JPMorgan: Got you. And then lastly, I know that you didn't have too much in the way of impairments or revisions, and but in terms of your ability to add reserves, did you have any issue with not adding some reserves because of the low prices at year-end '08?
Mark Papa: No. Nope.
Joe Allman – JPMorgan: Okay. Alright. Very helpful. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Papa: Brian.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: You spoke earlier with regards to I think Tom's question on the evolving Hainesville view. And I wondered if you could also do the same for the Marcellus, characterize how your view on the Marcellus has changed with the recent well results you've seen?
Mark Papa: Yes, I'll let Loren handle that one.
Loren Leiker: Yes, Brian. We've mentioned that we have the 220,000 net acres, 40 of those in Bradford that we're feeling pretty strong about, really based on the last two wells we drilled here. It looks like there about 2.5 Bcf per well gross 2.0 net. That's a pretty area that Barnett is quite a bit thicker in and pretty good drop quality. In the other area we mentioned, which is on the NFG farmout, and really comprises the rest of our 220,000 net acres, we now had one well completed that we feel like we put our best foot forward on a patch up with that's a more like probably 2 Bcf well gross, 1.6 Bcf net which we think is quite replicable in that area. I guess overall I'd say that we like the rock parameters we're seeing in the Marcellus, although relative to the Barnett is quite a bit thinner. So the gas in place per square mile is less, the permeability is pretty decent. We still have a bit of a disconnect with maybe some of the rest of the industry and what we think the reserves per well going to be and perhaps that has some to do with the geology north versus geology south. But it's hard for us to see how. It's relative to Barnett, for example, in Johnson County, we're averaging 2.5 Bcf per well with about twice the gas in place per section and what we would consider to be better frac barriers and that's on 30-acre spacing. So the question really for the Marcellus is not just a good play, it's a good play, it's got good finding costs, decent reserves per well. The question is what is the drainage area going to be and what are the overall reserves going to be because of that? At about 80 Bcf gas in place per section which is what we would guess would be an average for the better part of the Marcellus, you have to have a 40% recovery efficiency on 80 acres spacing to make four Bcf wells. We think that's a bit of stretch at least in our area.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Yes. That's really helpful color. Switching to just the general CapEx versus cash flow plan, assuming that you increased your spending in rig count to the extent that oil and gas prices move up, what gives you the confidence that gas prices will move to that, I think, 800 to 850 range in 2010 you spoke of and on the margin, if gas prices go up, will you use the additional cash flows – oil wells or gas wells?
Mark Papa: Our feeling regarding 2010 on gas prices are that, if just take where we believe the – the total North American gas production will be by December, it will be roughly 3.3 Bcf a day lower than it started the year at. And the other more important part is that both in the U.S. and Canada, the slope at year-end is going to be inflecting downward fairly strongly. So as you get into 2010, even if you get an instant price increase, it's going to take until mid to probably late 2010 just to get that slope inflecting back to neutral and to turn it up on production growth. And we think if you basically have a 3.3 Bcf a day swing in, in supply for North America indigenously and we are predicating some recovery in 2010 for industrial demand versus this year that the market could turn around perhaps pretty violently in a – in a bullish way for – for producers. So, that's kind of our call. As to the question of will we be directed CapEx more heavily toward gas or oil? If you assume we end the year at $60 oil or $70 oil, we get pretty bullish on gas, I'd say that it's fair to say a preponderance of our – an increasing amount every year of our total CapEx will be devoted toward oil directed projects, I guess the best way to put it.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. I guess lastly, are there areas within your own portfolio or your thoughts on others that as a result of what you're seeing in Hainesville Marcellus will likely not return from a drilling perspective, i.e., are there areas that will be – that will see secular shifts down in the rig count?
Tim Driggers: Well, the one that's most surprising to me now is just the overwhelm industry Barnett reaction. And I don't believe it's – it's my belief you get two things going on in the Barnett. The first is I believe in the – in the urbanized area of the Barnett, I think that people are finding it's – it's becoming increasingly difficult to drill and complete wells in a cost-effective manner, not so much because of reserves are lacking but just because the costs are extremely high. To drill wells, frac wells, and connect them to sales in the urbanized area, which EOG is not located, and so I think that people are – are recognizing that, that area is a bit more economically challenged perhaps than the Street expects and you're seeing rigs move out of the Barnett. I would say that boom in the Barnett is probably over, but it will be a steady contributor and we're certainly not saying that the Barnett's going to go on – in aggregate it's going to go in something terminal decline over time. But I think we've clearly seen the peak of the Barnett. And then the other area that I've commented on very frequently is that the Gulf of Mexico, both the shelf and the deep water for gas, I think is in my opinion, it's – it's definitely on a secular decline, simply because the economics there just cannot compete with what we're seeing in some of these resource plays.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Dell with Sanford Bernstein.
Ben Dell – Sanford Bernstein: Hi, Mark.
Mark Papa: Hey, Ben.
Ben Dell – Sanford Bernstein: I had just two quick questions. The first is on Trinidad. You mentioned you weren't drilling any exploration well. Do you have a feeling for whether Trinidad LNG can continue to support the volumes it's been exporting over the next two years to three years if the offshore plays don't invest incrementally?
Mark Papa: Yes, that's a – that's just a tough question because we're not directly involved in the LNG there. Our feeling is that for the existing LNG plants, they're pretty well backed up by reserves. And I would be surprised if over the next short period of time that we see any shortfall in feedstock those LNG plants I think those reserves are pretty firm. I think the issue in Trinidad is that with no one looking for any new gas, the ability to grow the Trinidad industry in terms of having source and supplies, that's the big challenge that is going on there right now.
Ben Dell – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And just an another question, for the second year running, I think probably the third year running, your Canadian operations have reported weaker days than your U.S. operations. When you look at your 2009 capital budget, can you give us some indication of how much CapEx you'll be allocating to Canada versus the U.S. and how you stack up the investment in that region versus the U.S.?
Mark Papa: Yes. Let me have Gary answer that, Ben.
Gary Thomas: Yes, in Canada we are as you probably would expect curtailing our activities there and it will be about 10% of our budget here for 2009. That's the combination of Calgary, Canada shallow gas, as well as BC operations in the Horn River.
Mark Papa: Yes –what – part of the issue that we've had really in the last year or two relating to the Canadian refining cost has been the just startup investment of particularly land investment in the Horn River. So it's one of those that once we get it up and running it will look a lot better on finding cost. But clearly if you stripped out the Horn River for a minute, the relative prospectivity for the rest of Canada is a bit challenged, we're hoping to have some further horizontal drilling success up there in other plays over the next year or two, but that's not firmed up yet.
Ben Dell – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And due to time constraints, we'll have to take our last question today from Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani – RBC: Yes, thank you. Question on Hainesville, I was just trying to get a sense of what your takeaway capacity is in the area. Do you guys have any firm transportation on those pipelines and what's your plan for gathering?
Tim Driggers: Yes, we have firm transportation of $80 million a day coming on here in April this year. So we don't – we've got a couple of other outlets that are in the range of $20 million a day. So we don't see us having any curtailment here on volumes because of capacity restraints for the next year or so.
Leo Mariani – RBC: Okay. Jumping over to Bakken, is there any update on progress of your 320 acre space wells?
Mark Papa: Yes, in the Bakken area, in the core area, our current feeling is that most of the core is going to be adequately developed on the current 640 acre spacing. But there is part of the core that kind of border lines the Bakken light area that probably will be drilled on 320 acres spacing. But I would say the preponderance of the core is just not apparent to us the evaluation we've done at 320 acre spacing, it's going to be widespread across the whole area
Leo Mariani – RBC: Okay. Question on the financial side here. I know that you had a pretty sizable current tax benefit in the fourth quarter, roughly $69 million. Just trying to get my arms around that a little more and what cause that?
Tim Driggers: As far as the shift between deferred and current – it's simply a shift in the decreasing gas prices and less taxable income and higher mark-to-market being reversed out.
Leo Mariani – RBC: Okay. Last question here. You guys talked about I think $4.5 million well costs in the Barnett – I'm sorry, the Bakken light area. What do you guys seeing for well costs in the core? Have those changed at all? Have they come down for you folks at all?
Tim Driggers: Yes, they've come down. I guess probably last year we averaged about $5.4 million and they're down to about $4.8 million now and we've expect to see the $4.5 million well cost there, really the core as well as the branch, maybe little lesser on the branch.
Leo Mariani – RBC: Okay. How about in your well play in terms of well costs these days?
Tim Driggers: In which play?
Leo Mariani – RBC: The BC shale play neula [ph]?
Tim Driggers: Yes. We've got a goal of getting our well costs down there to $10.5 million. It's going to take us – working pretty well on that. We're in the range of $13 million right now.
Leo Mariani – RBC: Okay. Thanks for your time.
Tim Driggers: Quite a few things in place there similarly to what we've done there in the Bakken. That's big advantage of having that play and they're pretty similar. So we're carrying that technology to BC right now.
Leo Mariani – RBC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Papa for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Papa: I have no further closing remarks. I just like to thank everyone for staying with us on the call. We'll talk to you again in three months.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That will conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman and CEO Timothy K. Driggers - VP and CFO Gary L. Thomas - Senior EVP, Operations
Analysts: Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein David Tameron - Wachovia Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Joseph Allman - JPMorgan Gil Yang - Citigroup Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets David Heikkinen – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources 2008 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thanks for joining us on election day. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2008 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits producers to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast including those for the Barnett Shale and North Dakota Bakken may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. An updated Investor Relations presentation and statistics were posted to our website last night. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations; Bob Garrison, EVP, Exploration; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President of Investor Relations. We believe our third quarter results can be characterized as another consistent quarter. We hit our volumes projections and all of our costs were in line or were lower than predicted. We filed an 8-K with fourth quarter and full year guidance yesterday. These 8-K projections are consistent with the guidance we provided earlier in the year, and I will discuss them in a minute when I will review operation. I'll now review our third quarter net income available to common stockholders and discretionary cash flow, and then I will provide an operational review including directional thoughts regarding EOG's 2009 plan. Tim Driggers, will then discuss capital structure and I will close with a hydrocarbon macro overview and a summary. As outlined in our press release for the third quarter EOG reported net income available to common stockholders of $1.6 billion or $6.20 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stockholders to eliminate mark-to-market impact as outlined in the press release,EOG's third quarter adjusted net income available to common stockholders was $588 million or $2.34 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the third quarter was $1.2 billion. I will now address ongoing strategy and operational highlights. The entire energy sector and indeed all industries were currently transiting through a vicious period. In times like these solid company fundamentals matter more than ever. On the last quarterly call, I noted the five components that we believe constituted a premier independent E&P company, all of which have been longstanding goals at EOG. Four of these components are measurable and one is subjective. The measurable components or ROCE, debt adjusted production per share growth, low unit cost and debt coverage ratio. In 2008, we believe we scored number one in the peer group in three and possibly all four of measurable categories. The fifth and more subjective category involves being an early low cost mover in new horizontal resources plays, and we believe we score well in this category also. More importantly, in 2009, we expect to achieve the same rankings in all five categories. Looking out to 2009 there is a large degree of uncertainty regarding the future of natural gas and oil prices. So let me provide some guidelines regarding EOG's 2009 strategy starting with our volume projection. We believe that 2009 North American gas prices will primarily be a function of winter weathers severity. 2009 gas prices average more than $8. We expect to grow total companies production 14%. If we have a warm weather and we average $7 Henry Hub price, we will curtail our gas drilling activity and total company production will grow 10%. In either case the governing factor on our CapEx budget will be the balance sheet. We will target a CapEx program that is approximately in line with cash flow, providing roughly flat year-end 2008 and year-end 2009 net debt. We'll provide a specific 2009 CapEx number on our next earnings call when we have a better definition of winter weather. In short we don't intend to dramatically grow North American gas volume at prices below $8. The different growth paths between $7 and $8 Henry Hub does not imply that our gas investments require $8 to the economy. Simply put, we don't intend the cram gas into an over supplied market if prices averaged $7. In either growth scenario there are three items in common. First, in 2009 total company crude oil, condensate and NGL are expected to grow 33% from this year's 60,000 barrel a day level to 80,000 barrels a day next year. Of this increase, total company crude and condensate production is expected to grow 43% year-over-year, and natural gas liquids production is expected to grow 10% year-over-year. The primary growth engine of the liquid will be the North Dakota Bakken with a lesser, but increasing contribution for the Barnett oil and other plays. I remind you that even $65 barrel oil is still selling at $11 per MMcfd Btu equivalencies, making our oil investment still attractive. Second, we expect only a small year-over-year increase in natural gas production in Trinidad, Canada and other international, so most of our gas increase will emanate from U.S. And third, it's unlikely that EOG will pursue a merger significant acquisition, a significant disposition, or chase high price acreage in 2009. This is consistent with our belief that organic growth yields intrinsically superior reinvestment rates of return compared to growth of mergers or acquisitions. In hind side, we're pleased that we didn't participate in the high price acquisition acreage merger gains during 2008 or previous year. Addressing 2009 CapEx, what's the logic behind our capital allocation? Simply put, we get enough natural gas and crude oil drilling inventory to last that's roughly 15 years. In 2009, we'll give first priority to oil investments because even at $65 a barrel, they're high ROR, hence the 33% year-over-year crude oil, condensate and NGL growth. Roughly 40% of our 2009 North American capital budget will be devoted to oil projects. Regarding gas, if we have a moderate or cold winter, we'll pursue a high level of drilling activity generates 14% total company production growth. If 2009, gas prices disappoint, we will differ some gas drilling till a more for propitious time and target 10% total company production growth. The key point here is we don't intend to run up our debt taking $7 gas. So the production growth numbers provided are essentially debt adjusted per share. One likely positive we'll have in 2009 is lower per well cost, as we're already seeing some decreases in service company prices. Now let me refocus you on 2008. In the third quarter, we beat our 8-K mid-point volume guidance, despite of hurricanes related shut in the Gulf of Mexico and in South, East and West Texas. In the fourth quarter, we curtailed 70 million cubic feet a day of Rocky Mountain gas for most of October due to low well head prices, and we're currently anticipate experiencing an unanticipated curtailment of 80 million cubic feet per day net for approximately six weeks in Trinidad due to mechanical problems at a methanol plant. In spite of all that, we expect to increase 2008 production 15.1%, which is consistent with the target we announced in February. I've covered a lot of conceptual properties today, for brevity I'm not going to recite a lot of individual wells though, but I will cover the most of our highlights plays. Our North Dakota Bakken play continues to yield consistent overwhelmingly economic results and has overachieved this year versus our forecast. Three recent highlight wells are the Austin #21-28H, #18-21H and #10-34H, which posted corresponding peak gross production rates of 2,847, 3,029 and 3,477 barrels of oil per day. Our overall average well reserves continue to be outstanding, and the IR presentation that was posted on our website yesterday have a slide showing the quality of EOG's Bakken wells versus offsetting wells drilled by other companies. Generating efficient horizontal completion that maximizes the productivity per acre of rock in the EOG strength and I would urge you to view similar chart in this same IRR presentation relating to Barnett, Johnson County completions. These comparisons in my opinion are shockingly stark and one reason why we generate such strong relative ROCEs and in a time of low hydrocarbon prices, we will retain better economics than other companies. Returning to the Bakken, we now have 370,000 acres captured. In last quarter we told you that our 80 million barrel net reserves estimate was contained in the core area and we hope to extend this play into the non-core area, where per oil reserves are 250,000 to 350,000 barrels oil equivalent versus 850 MBO in the core. Outside the core with 250 MBO, $65 flat oil, the economics still yield at 30% direct after-tax unlevered re-investment rate of return. While the core area still generates 100% direct ATROR at $65 oil flat. We have now drilled two successful wells outside the core with initial production rate of 500 and 700 barrels of oil per day, extending the reservoir size above 80 million barrels of oil net. However, additional drilling is required to determine how much larger this accumulation will become. Additionally, we started a pilot CO2 injection program in the core area, to see if we can increase overall recovery above the 10% primary levels. Results from the CO2 trial won't be available until mid 2009. We still have several years of drilling inventory in core area and then multiple years outside the core. Another horizontal oil play, we mentioned in our February Analyst Conference was our Colorado North Park play. We recently drilled a step out to our discovery well and the early results indicate it's better than the discovery well. Development of this North Park asset will be slow due to sensitivity to surface use and pipeline takeaway usages, but we're optimistic regarding this accumulation. We're currently drilling another well and should have these results by the next earnings call. In the Horn River Basin of British Columbia, you may recall that earlier this year, we report encouraging results from to short-lateral horizontal shale wells. We've now drilled, completed, and tested three full length lateral wells and the results comport with our earlier optimism. These wells IP’d at 16, 12 and 9 million cubic feet per day respectfully and have performed well during the first period of sales ranging from 30 to 60 days, confirming our estimates that we have at least six net Tcf captured here on our 150,000 net acres. Another reason, I focused on the well quality issue in the Barnett and Bakken before is that our early data in the British Colombia Horn River Basin suggested similar trends. We believe our three wells are among the best wells completed by anybody to-date in the Horn River Basin. We still think it will be 2011 before significant pipeline takeaway is available from this area. In our Barnett operations, our results continue to be consistently good. With a total play, we expect to average around 460 million cubic feet equivalents for full year 2008 on this asset, slightly less than the 470 target, we articulated in February. The slight shortfall is result of gas and natural gas liquid pipeline restrictions, we noted on the last quarterly call. In the Barnett gas areas, yesterday's press release highlights several new Johnson County monster wells, with IP is ranging from some 6.5 to 10 million cubic feet to-date. I'd again call your attention to the Johnson County well completion chart our website. Simply put, as is the case in North Dakota Bakken, we're making better wells in Johnson County than other companies hands down. The importance of this Barnett well completion outperformance isn't limited the Johnson County. We're also consistently making respectable wells in Hill, Palo Pinto and Erath County's and have found acreage competitioning cost to be much lower than in the core area, because other companies are having difficulty making economic wells in these Counties. In Hill County we are averaging 1.65 net Bcf per well and our results in the western counties such as Erath and Palo Pinto are not a spectacular as in Johnson County, are similar in terms of finding costs to whats been reported by others in the Fayetteville and Woodford plays. Regarding the North Barnett oil play, our natural gas processing plant should be online in February. Though volumes in this play will begin slowly ramping up late in the first quarter 2009. Because these oil wells are not high volume like the Bakken, we are talking here about initial rates of roughly 250 barrels of oil per day plus rich gas compared to roughly 2,000 barrels a day in the Bakken. The liquids contributions on the Bakken oil play will provide only a modest portion of our 33% liquids increase in 2009 with an expanding role in later years. We're still working on optimizing the well completion recipes here, since we have a time window because of the current limited gas pricing in capability in the area. We provide most specific data regarding this play to get our gas plant up and running. In the Pennsylvania Marcellus play we can now report that we've achieved success on a portion of our 220,000 net acres. We've now drilled a couple of wells and delineated by 40,000 acres in Bradford County that we believe we generate 2.0 gross Bcf per well or $2.25 net finding costs. Net reserves on these 40,000 acres for EOG are likely 600 Bcf. As you know we've been cautious regarding this play and we'll note that reports by others regarding reserves per well are considerably more optimistic than our estimate. During the next six months, we'll be attempting to prove up more of our acreage, and we'll begin one rig development program on 40,000 acres in 2009. I continue to caution that because of infrastructure and regulatory issues the Marcellus won't have any impact on the macro gas supply picture till after 2012 if indeed it is developed into an area wide play. Regarding the Haynesville play, we are currently fracture treating our first horizontal well on 115,000 acre position so we can't add to the Haynesville body of knowledge this time. The primary reason why we were able to hit our 15% volume target this year in spite of voluntary curtailments, hurricane interruptions, pipeline restrictions, and plant downtime is that simply put we are consistently making good wells, both oil and gas across the board in North America. Although, we highlight the Barnett and Bakken, the rest of our North American inventory is generating great results that will be replicable in 2009 and subsequent years. Our Mid-Continent, horizontal Atoka and Cleveland plays continue to perform well. In the Uintah Basin, in an area that previously have been drilled with only vertical wells, we recently drilled our first horizontal well with production of 5 million cubic feet a day with 1800 PSI flowing tubing pressure after one month, which is much better than we expected. In South Texas, we just completed two wells that were directionally drilled under Nueses Bay, near Corpus Cristi . They're producing at a combined gross rate of 28 million cubic feet a day and 1,800 barrels of condensate per day. We have an average 80% working interest in these well. We think this will be 100 net Bcf field. The bottom line is that EOG has a smoothly running North American Oil and Gas engine. Switching to Trinidad, I mentioned earlier that we're currently experiencing a curtailment of 80 million cubic feet a day net or approximately six weeks due to an unexpected mechanical problem at a third-party methanol plant. In the North Sea, we expect to drill at least three oil and gas exploration wells commencing in the second quarter 2009. The China, we’ll start our first horizontal gas wells in January and it will likely be late 2009 before we know whether this program is successful. Between Trinidad, the North Sea, and China, I expect we may surprise some people with 2009 positive results outside of America. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss CapEx and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Mark. For the third quarter 2008, total exploration and development expenditures, including asset retirement obligations, were $1.6 billion, with $74 million of acquisitions. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property, plant and equipment were $124 million. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $10.6 million. Year-to-date, total exploration and development expenditures including assets retirement obligations were $3.8 billion with $109 million of acquisitions. Total gathering, processing, and other expenditures were $321 million. During the third quarter, we did a bond offering to effectively term out our short-term commercial paper borrowings. We issued five year notes totaling $400 million at 6.125% and ten-year notes totaling $350 million at 6.875%. Our credit ratings are A3 and A- and our gain plan remains consistent to stay very conservative on the financial side. In terms of liquidity, we have $1 billion dollar revolver, which has never been drawn. We have no exposure to Lehman. Also included in the IR presentation this morning, there is summary slide taken from the sell slide. It shows 2009 estimated debt to cash flow, cash flow ratios using $75 oil and $7 gas. Using these metrics and these particular estimates, EOG could pay off its debt in just over three months. At September quarter end, total debt outstanding was $1.9 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 17.5%. At September 30, we had $886 million of cash giving us non-GAAP net debt of $1 billion, for net debt to total cap ratio of 10%. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 35% and the deferred tax ratio was 80%. Yesterday, we filed our Form 8-K with fourth quarter and full year 2008 guidance. We also filed the third quarter 10-Q. For the full year 2008 the 8-K has an effective tax range of 33% to 37% and a deferral percentage of 65% to 85%. Using the midpoint of the updated 8-K guidance, our full year 2008 unit cost for lease and well, DD&A, G&A, total explorations, net interest expense, and excluding transportation and taxes other than income, our forecast increased 3.7% over 2007. Estimated exploration and development capital expenditures for 2008, excluding acquisitions are $4.55 billion. Estimated gatherings, processing, and the other expenditures were $400 million. Now I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss the gas macro, hedging and his concluding remarks.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. I continue to believe that the primary determinant of 2009 gas prices will be winter weather. A cold winter will likely generate $8 to $8.50 average prices and a warm winter $7. I believe 2009 North American net natural gas supply will grow at most 0.6 Bcf per day year-over-year, which comports well likely electricity demand growth. Our 2009 hedge position was articulated in our 10-Q filed last night. We are about 38% hedged at $9.71 gas price and are un-hedged regarding oil. We also have 60 million cubic feet a day and 2010 gas hedge for caller at attractive prices and have added some rocky basis hedges for 2009 through 2011. Now let me summarize, in my opinion there are five important points to take away from this call. First with the focus on the balance sheet, we are willing to let 2009 gas prices determine what our overall CapEx and total company production growth will be. We've easily got the organic capability and high rate of return inventories to grow total company production 14% next year and subsequent years, but will only do so in a high natural gas commodity environment. Low debt is still very important criteria to us. Second, we expect to continue to lead the peer group in ROCE and based upon our current inventory quality, I don't see that changing in the future. The most important criteria that gives us consistently higher than peer ROCE’s is our ability to grow at high rates organically and not rely on acquisitions or M&A to generate growth and that won't change in the future. Third, we've now verified reserve upside above the 80 million barrels net for the Bakken and has confirmed Marcellus reserves on portion of our Appalachian acreage. Fourth, we're continuing to work on new horizontal ideas and we'll disclose them whenever we’ve got acreage positions locked up. And fifth, our Trinidad, North Sea, and China components may surprise on the upside in 2009. Thanks for listening, now we'll go to Q&A. Cindy, could you queue the Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: Okay. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question today from Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company.
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Hey, good morning to Mark. Mark this is... you've been pretty clear on your CapEx comments on the call. So in line with that can you discuss what you see the current environment as an opportunity time to increase your resource playing inventory. It sounds like you're just not going to go there?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll tell you what we are seeing right now. Tom, I've mentioned on the call that we're not really going to be making high acreage acquisitions or making mega producing property acquisitions, that’s just not our style. But, we think that whats going to come out in 2009 or are allot drilled earn opportunities on other people's acreage. Companies that either don't have the horizontal expertise or are so strapped for capital that they can’t, they’ve got expiring leases and can't go that. So I wouldn't be surprised, if you see in 2009 that we shift some of the drilling that we do away from some of our core areas to maybe some acreage that we don't really have captured at this particular time that belongs to somebody else. In terms of overall resource play focus, we are continuing to be quite aggressive chasing new horizontal ideas of both and gas and oil, but our game plan is to be the first in where you can get cheap acreage as opposed to be in the second or 10th where you’re paying big dollars for acreage. So I expect that we are going to have some upside surprises during the year on some of the resource plays that we haven't disclosed yet.
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Well on that subject, given these large IPs in Johnson County horizontal. Does this change your average outlook for Johnson County reserves, for well reserves, I mean you are getting to 1.8 to 2.2 Bcf at the Analyst Day?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We might be tendering for the high end of that side. I don't think it's going to change to that 3 Bcf, so I think the key is take away Tom, for the Barnett gas is that Johnson County is a very competitive, every acre is leached there. But the Western County and Southern County, Hill County has been pretty much left wide open for EOG. People who were competitors out there, just have not been able to make good wells. And you can look at Johnson County chart and that's the reason they haven't been able to, whereas we have been able to. So we've been to have a fairly wide open field there with not much competition. So that's what's really changed in the last year is that we now view the Barnett, particularly in the western Counties and southern counties, as more of a growth opportunity than we would of viewed a year ago. Johnson County we are doing better than we expected, but growth opportunities in terms of addeding acreage there are very, very limited.
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Thanks for that. And one last question. I must get your view on sort of a gas growth information that we get, in the past you've indicated some skepticism over 914 data. Can you give us a view on accuracy on that data and perhaps your view on base declines in North America ex drilling and what is going to take to balance the natural gas markets going forward with respect to rigs?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean we have been skeptical of the EIA-914 data and we devoted a fair amount of efforts to analyze the IHS data versus the EIA data. I do believe EIA data is directionally correct, I just don't believe it's absolutely correct. And what we found for example our comparison indicates that the in the state of Texas, the EIA estimates may well be overstated by about eight-tens of a Bcf per day versus IHS. In Michigan unusual state, the IHS data can't replicate EIA and it’s indeed about six-tens of Bcf a day lower. And then if you look at the other states, we think there is about six-tens of a Bcf difference there, so if you add all that up, it comes out to we would say perhaps production growth in absolute terms this year is maybe 2 Bcf a day less than what the EIA stated. Now it’s still up considerably. And now I think the surprising thing that we’ve come up with is that our estimate is total U.S supply growth, including LNG, including Canada imports, '09 versus '08 is 0.6 Bcf a day. And that's comprised of, just a quick run through the numbers, we think Canada imports will be down about nine-tens of the Bcf a day. That's a combination of demand growth and heavy oil plus production decline. We think Gulf of Mexico next year drops off half a Bcf a day because rig count there is really falling versus a year ago. Rockies goes up 0.2, limited by the Rex takeaway capacity. Barnett only up 0.3 of Bcf a day next year and we still believe the Barnett will plateau in '09. And then remainder of U.S onshore up about 1.1 and then LNG imports about up 0.4. So I know everyone is looking and dreaming, I guess this is terrible, supplies glut and gas prices are in bad shape. But we think with the slowdown in drilling, particularly that the big surprise next year will be that the supply growth to the U.S is considerably lower than probably anybody has predicted today.
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: What was embedded rig count assumption in those numbers?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we're estimating that the rig count goes down somewhere between 200 to maybe 300, 400 rigs overall. And I'd say, we've already seen rigs being moved out of the Barnett. In fact, we're going to slow down a bit in the Barnett and probably remove about three rigs from our fleet Barnett.
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Great color, Mark. Thank you so much.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ben Dell at Sanford Bernstein.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ben.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: I just had one question and that sort of goes around how you look at farm-in agreement. Arguably your balance sheet, your financial position is obviously a lot better than especially some of the small caps and micro caps who have paid high prices for acreage. How do you view farm-in agreements? Are you seeing a lot of that is in the industry and would you consider those especially if you are more constructive on gas going into 2009?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we've already seen farm-in opportunities and I'd expect we'll see a plethora more of them pretty soon. And the way we would view it , I'd just give a simple example, if we were going spend just say $50 million in our Vernal Utah, Uinta Basin area. The acreage is lock downed and held kind of held forever. We may say, maybe we’ll slowdown drilling into Uinta Basin area and spend that same amount of money earning into a new position in a farm entry somebody. And in that instant, what we've done is we still got all of our PUD reserves and potential in the Uinta Basin, but we've now accreted additional potential on this acreage that we've earned into. So I would say look for us to be doing some of that at least, maybe a lot of that in 2009 as opposed to taking advantage of the company needs to seel assets that badly and trying to get into competitive bidding war to buy producing properties. We just don't think that's a good reinvestment rate of return way to go.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Tameron with Wachovia.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Hi, nice quarter. Mark can you talk about, just specific regarding to guidance, it looked like oil differentials guidance widened in the fourth quarter. Is that a function of trucking out of the Barnet, or did you, (inaudible_, out of the Bakken, can we talk a little more about that what was driving that?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes and the answer to your question is, yes. Clearly, the biggest growth area we have for oil production and going into next year is the Bakken. And what's happened up there is, I don't have remind you or anybody else that not only is EOG having success in the Bakken, but a lot of other companies are having success up there. And the oil pipelines infrastructure, the oil takeaway infrastructure has just been subsumed by the EOG volumes plus the other company's volumes. And so as a consequence, we are piping about half our oil out and we're having to truck about the other half of our oil out. And I expect that’s a similar case for most other companies who are up there. We expect to get that problem fixed by midyear next year by expanding oil pipeline capacity out of there. And there will be some trucking differentials that will probably last until mid year '09. And I will also note that we're currently looking at a dense phase gas pipeline to get the very, very rich gas that we are stripping out of the oil up there to get that into alliance pipeline and get it to Chicago market and we hope that project sometime late in '09.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Is that your pipeline? Who's done the pipeline?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the dense phase gas pipeline will be built by EOG. On the oil side we are in discussions with several other companies. And we are not sure whether we'll take an equity interest in it or other parties will. That's still open at this point. But, it's a very, very high priority project for us and for other companies that are producing oil up there
David Tameron - Wachovia: Okay. Trucking it is somewhere in the $12 to $15 range, as far as less differential when all is said and done, is that a good number to use?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's probably a little bit higher than that right now. It may be up to $18 dollars…
David Tameron - Wachovia: Okay. One more question and I'll let anybody else to jump in. Getting back to the Barnett Oil, how many wells have you drilled? I know you had initially targeted 60 to 80 back in February, but how many wells have you got down? And can you talk about when you start running into sensitivity as far as oil prices, what kind of number do you need as far as oil to make this thing work?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have a count right of now exactly how many wells we’ve drilled, a lot of experimenting on a lot of those wells. But the question is that how low do oil prices have go before we get into a situation here that doesn’t look all that good. The answer is at today’s oil price and $7 gas prices, we are generating about 30% rate of return based on our typical wells that we expect, which is 100,000 barrels of oil gross, but 0.35 million cubic feet of gas and about 45,000 barrels of NGLs. So if oil does drop to 40 bucks a barrel or something like that. It's not obvious this projects going to be economic. On the other hand if it goes back up to $90 or $100 a barrel, we think it's going to be tremendously economic.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Okay, did you say 30% current kind of current deck?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Current deck, yes.
David Tameron - Wachovia: All right, thanks.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, and good morning.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: What are your current thoughts on 320 acre down spacing potential in and out of your core Bakken properties?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: At this juncture we've drilled one 320 acre down space well, and we're monitoring it. And where we sit at this point in the core area is that we would say that if the CO2 injection turns out to be a viable opportunity, then it’s a slam dunk that we drill the 320 acre spacing. If we find that we are not improving the recovery above that 10% with 320 acre spacing in core area, then it's more of a close call and it's not obvious that 320’s are necessarily to drain the wells. In other words, you put in the capital, but the incremental reserves there are not all that much. As you go outside the core area, some of this area that we said is now made to reserve bigger than 80 million barrels up because the well quality, the rock quality is not quite as good there, it looks like that will pretty well certainly beyond the space 320 acre space. That give you some direction on that Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Yes, it does thanks. And then, in the Marcellus, what would you say changed over the last few months that's given you more confidence at least on that I think 40,000 acres you mentioned. And when you think about the $2.25 at MMcfe, you see that is a starting point from which you would expect decreases, or do you feel that the firm number?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right now that's a program number. I mean it may improve with time. We haven't drilled a large population of wells there. Maybe the biggest thing there that has changed there and got us over the hump is kind of the completion efficacy there. We think now as we're getting a higher degree of our fracks focused in the Marcellus Shale as opposed to going outside of Marcellus Shale. In the Marcellus, as opposed to the Barnett or the Bakken, the risk appears to be greater just on relative rock strength that you can frack out a zone and waste your frack energy. But doing some tweaking to our fracks, we think at least on this 40,000 acres will get that pretty well resolved. But it is fair to say that so far we haven't been able to replicate the numbers that some other companies have been able to put up, I’ve seen some numbers of four Bcf growth, 3.5, four for Bcf growth or a typical Marcellus well. I'll be a little surprised if that turns out be the number across a wide area. But our number is more like a two right now.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: Yes, thank you and good morning, everybody. Mark can you talk about, you've been mentioned that you’re planning on dropping maybe three rigs in the Barnett Shale. Could you talk about the reasons for that, and could you talk about whether or not you're slowing down anywhere else at this point and now you've transferring rigs to another location?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're kind of consigned activity to our planned budget for 2008 and we're more efficient with the number of rigs that we have. So we are drilling more wells with less rigs. And we just reduced there in the Barnett thus far, we're dropping a couple of other rigs. We've declined from 80 rigs down to 71, just throughout EOG. Also that's just the efficiency. You probably see on a couple of charts there our on presentation were, yes we reduced our days substantially. For instance, in the Bakken we were requiring about 37 days in 2006. Now we're down to 25 days for the average of 2008 productive wells stand in the 15 day range.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: Okay. And is economics a factor here or are seeing any areas where you know, given the NYMEX prices, given wide well head differentials, the economics just don’t work out?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think almost everything we have is economic times down to $6.00 or $6.50 in Mcf. It's just kind of a case Of we want to put our drilling in 40% projects or in 15% projects. So, it's not a case where anything has gone underwater economically today, but as just the case, as we said that if we really have $7 dollar gas and a warm winter, we are going to bust our butt as a company to push in lot of gas into a $7 gas markets. We would just sit on some of our ideas and wait for better gas times.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: Got you. And where you is the service cost decline and what bigger service have been decline at this point?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've seen some decline in just the drilling rigs. Quite a number of our rigs are not long-term committed. Some of the completion units, directional surveys, services, some of that. Overall probably just 5% decline, where Bakken required the number of service providers, I expect them to see these others of course stills going down for a lot of well. There is a stage of our inventory is increasing and there is several other spending that yes, will these things declined so you’re at least first quarter '09?
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: It's helpful. And then in the Bakken play, Mark can you comment on the three forks Spanish and what you’re seeing there?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Now we're still studying the three forks Spanish outside the Parshall areas. We said in the past in the Parshall area, we really don't see too much prospectively there, but that we have 370,000 acres at total Wilson Basin, of which about 110,000 in that Parshall flash Houston area. So that big slug of acreage outside of that we think is highly prospective, particularly three forks.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: Okay very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gil Yang with Citi.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Good morning, Mark.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Gil.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: With the change or sort of variable capital spending budget between $7 and $8, I guess the question I have is on one hand if you slowdown, does that free up spare in capacity among your people and what happens and what will those people end up doing? On the other hand if you accelerate, so to speak, does it in your, I guess you've already seen this in Bakken, does the tax infrastructure either on your people or on the take away infrastructure and maybe you’ve already addressed this already, but how do you deal with the accelerating and decelerating downstream impacts to infrastructure, both people and hard infrastructure in those areas?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, The four areas where we are seeing infrastructure related issues around Wilson basin Bakken, we are being proactive in lot of cases building our own infrastructure and the Barnett oil, where there was essentially no infrastructure for the rich gas project. We're building our own plants and infrastructure there. And then up in Canada in the Horn River Basin area where infrastructure is pretty limited and we think pragmatically that we'll have a third party install that infrastructure as opposed to EOG. But it's probably going to be a 11 before that happens. And then in the Marcellus; that’s highly, highly infrastructure challenged. We are not sure how we are going to be addressing that but really that you probably third party there. So as you find these resource plays, what really sorts out is that many of them are in areas where you never had higher significant hydrocarbon accumulations. And the resource plays in aggregate has turned out to be bigger than anyone expected. I think if you just take the Bakken for example, or the Barnett, what people thought it would be four, five years ago and what it is today. And I am talking about not only for EOG but for the rest of the industry, they've turned out to be considerably bigger. And hence we've got those issues, so what we have to do as a company is to put more efforts then we have in past years to infrastructure work. And on the people side, I would say that for 2008 we were probably operating at about 120% of capacity on the people side, if we go for $7 gas, 10% production growth maybe our people will only be working at 95% of capacity for next year. But it's a not, it's still a people short business in terms of engineers, geologist, land man etcetera. And we think we could flex easily with our staff between 10% to 14% volume growth.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: So it's not like there is going to be freed up capacity to move them on the other things necessarily?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say, it's not, not obvious that we could say okay If we are going to grow 10%, we then reallocate people to something else, no I don't think that's anything we can do.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. And I think, I know the answer to the second question. But, your interest in maybe taking an interest in some of these farm outs, potential farm outs, does that in anyways suggest that all of the or many of the important new resources plays have already been discovered in North America and that you need to go back and look at these farm out potentials or do you still see that there is a nice full undiscovered pool of resource potential?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you are right and you know what the answer to that question is. We still think there is considerable more resource potential attacking these plays with horizontal drilling. So we are focused heavily on that, the drill to earn things, the farm-ins, they will be niche things that come up. But, the way to view it is, we have a chance to capture acreage that a year ago, we would have never had a chance to capture or someone else's perhaps paid a high price for it or maybe they just attempted to drill it themselves and they can’t now. So, those are pretty good opportunities for us and what gets us into those opportunities are those well completion charts that I refer to and was posted on our website in our IR presentation. We can show people that for an acre of rock, we will make a better wells than our competitors. And we’ve proven that clearly in the Bakken, early in the Barnett and early time in the Horn River. And people are aware of this, and they say this if I’m going to farm out well then I think I'll do it with the one that going to generate the most production from that acre of rock. And certainly appears to be with EOG.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay, thanks a lot Mark.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Hi good morning here folks. Quick question on CapEx plans for next year. Could you guys kind of go ahead and sort of prioritize your key plays in terms of what you would drill. I am just curious as to how some of your gas plays prioritize next year?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the first priority is that we'll be looking at the oil side and we've said 40% of our CapEx, North American CapEx will go to oil. That's up from probably from 30% of our CapEx, North American CapEx this year that was devoted to oil. So we'll be shifting a significant movement there. In times of the gas side, the way we’ll prioritize things, the difference between 14% and the 10% volume growth is; one, we’ll look at areas that where we have no lease termination or lease life issues. And those were the areas that we would likely to throttle back most readily. And just a couple that come to mine are Uinta Basin area that we've got, our lease is secured and we could accelerate or decelerate drilling there not lose any acreage. Mississippi Chalk play is another one that pretty much is in the same state. So a large determinate will be, and really to some degree Barnett is now in pretty darn good positions where we don't have to drill a billion wells before the lease expires and you know, that is pretty locked down. So those were just some examples of where we... if we cut back drilling, it would be more on the basis of how do we hold together all of our acreage, as opposed to turning loose some of that and ranking some other forward.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Jumping your (inaudible) play, obviously you've had some wells on stream for a little while here could you just give us a sense of what type of decline rates you guys are seeing on those wells?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, We've had wells on now for... we have got two categories, we have a couple wells that we mentioned in February that we're short laterals. We say short laterals, may be they were 1500 foot lateral length and those wells kind of gave us a tantalizing hope that if we could get lateral length of that twice that long, we would end up with pretty good wells and indeed that's what happened. We've now got wells, the best well there what we had on now for about 60 days. For the first 30 days it averaged over 10 million a day average rates for first 30 days. That's probably translates well, it's roughly 10 Bcf well. So if you go back to what we articulated in February at analyst conference, we gave a matrix and said the economics were the X and Y under cases of four and six Bcf per well. And from what we're seeing now, we think those reserves per well estimate probably going to be extremely conservative and we going to be able to beat those pretty readily. The other thing is that our experience in the Bakken, our experience in Barnett is it takes about 20 or maybe 30 wells to get the frack recipe right before you have something you can kind of rubber stamp. And we're getting these pretty good wells out there in Canada with just roughly our fifth or sixth well. So we think there is probably going to be a lot of improvement coming from that. So net net out of all that, I think it strongly reaffirms that, we said we thought we have minimum of six net Tcf on this acreage back in February and I think that what we've generated subsequently strongly reaffirms that.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, given that backdrop what are your drilling plans there this winter?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it would be... Gary you want to address that?
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations: We are going to go ahead and contract one... probably one and a half rigs. We'll drill 13, 14 rigs here in 2009.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 13, 14 wells.
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations: Wells, 2009.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations: And the reason for that too is we are just watching our capacity. We've got a burn capacity, somewhere around 35 million a day. And there is 45 or maybe 50 million capacity available on the land. So we'll drill to complete fill available capacity.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Last question here on the Haynesville play. It sound likes you've got your first well and you are going to frack it pretty soon here. Can you give us a little bit color in terms of kind of where your acreage is located in the play, and maybe what your potential plans over there?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me... 115,000 acres. It's pretty relatively evenly spread, maybe a little more heavily weighted towards Texas. And probably about 40% of it, maybe 45% is HBP, and its spread throughout what others and we have mapped is the core area. It's a pretty good core area I'd say and we are pretty well represented in all parts.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And I guess any thoughts to the drill any follow-up wells or you want to analyze your first result first before you move forward?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are drilling follow up wells as we speak; we have our second well drilling now.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Heikkinen with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Good morning, just first a macro question. Thinking about LNG and Asian weakness what are your thoughts going into the next couple of months around LNG imports?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well going into next couple of months David, I think the only way incremental LNG would come here is if there is just absolutly no capacity in Asia or Europe. We are programming, just guessing that LNG '09 versus '08 goes up by about four-tenths of Bcf a day and that's just on the assumption that (inaudible) come on and that turns out to be a little bit extra LNG. But, I still foresee that fortunately the lowest price net back for LNG all through 2009 is going to be North America. And so, we will only get whatever the other market absolutely cannot digest.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Okay. Then onto the Bakken, your gas plant and gas line capacity is that 30 million a day or do I have my notes wrong?
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations: he gas line that we're installing is going to have a capacity for 80 million a day.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering & Co.: Okay.
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations: The one that we got installed now in that plant is good for 20 million a day.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Okay, so you’ll have a cumulative of 100 million a day.
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations: No, we'll go ahead and retire the 20 million a day for the plant and just bear with 80 million a day dense phase refrigeration in pipeline.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering & Co.: Okay.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the reason for this dense stage again is, one of the issues we have is that this gas in the Bakken is extraordinarily rich in propane, butanes and heavier components. And right now we're striping it out basically on location there in North Dakota and that's just not a good place to sell that product. I mean again, you suffer location differentials and so the game plan there is to get that all those oil rich liquids to Chicago where you have a much more pleasant market price and you don't take a big ding on the differentials. So, again it's just a lead time issue there but that's as in the oil, you'll notice our NGL differentials are not as great as we had hoped. And the more NGLs we bring on in North Dakota the more we have to get this problem fixed and we expect we will by mid next year.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: And as you think about NGL a little bigger picture, both southern region and you've have in the Bakken and Mid-Continent, you've had this blow out and big drop off in NGL realizations. What do you think about going into fourth quarter and then next year as far as were NGL prices will be?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well we penciled in that there are going be about 55% of crude oil when it comes to dollar per barrel basis.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering & Co.: So the 40% we are seeing now in Mid Continent, that's anomaly?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We think so...
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Okay.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But, we can't purport to be NGL market experts so far. We can’t even purport to be natural gas market exports.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Neither can we, that's all right. Thanks, guys.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Ray Deacon with Pritchard Capital.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners LLC: Yes, hey, Mark. I was wondering if you could talk about your plans for Bradford County next year and what kinds of wells would you be drilling, horizontal or vertical? And then maybe some thoughts about Horn River and what your CapEx might look like there?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. On the Horn River, he said previously that we're going to average probably about 1, 1.5 rigs there next year. So we’ll have a modest level of activity and it's really more of a kind of a learning curve activity to fill up what gas pipeline takeaway space is. So it's definitely not going to be in a hyper ramp up face. In Marcellus, it will be fairly similar. We're probably have one rig running year round in the Marcellus. Most of the time it will be spent on that 40,000 acres and then rest it will be proven up. And then the rest that we'll be drilling on some of the other acreage well be trying to prove it up. But, in our 10% or 14% volume forecast neither, certainly not the Marcellus and to not much of a degree, the Horn River, are we really counting on the significant volumes in '09.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners LLC: When you said it's not that volumes wouldn't be meaningful in Marcellus until 2012, did you mean for industry or for you specifically here?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what I meant was for the macro industry. It's clearly the most complex logistical area that we have to deal with anywhere. It makes British Columbia look simple in comparison. And some of the recent legislation or regulations that have been proposed in Pennsylvania are likely to slowdown things even more. So, we just can't be saying we are in a debt market. We're going have a ton of gas and macro coming from that...
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners LLC: One more real quick one I guess. I've been watching (inaudible) week prices drop over the last five or six weeks, is there anything you're doing specifically that protects you some of that basis issue and with your Barnett gas? And does the sort of demise of these midstream MLPs affect any projects that you would have liked to have seen going forward?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes the Barnett gas, we've got pretty well covered with firm transportation to get it out of the Ft. Worth area. We're not really prone to getting beaten up on the differentials there because we really get it moved out of the area. Where we are more at risk is in the Rockies. And in the Rockies we've got, I'm talking about now plus the next four or five years we've got firm transportation on about half of volumes there on CIG or Kinder Morgan lines. But, the other half, we are exposed on a differential and that's we are putting some Rockies basis hedges into place in 2009 and 2010.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. All right any last questions.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right, well, thank you very much for listening in and we'll look to you in another three months.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We want to thank you for your participation today, and you are now free to disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources 2008 Second Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2008 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits producers to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast including those for the Barnett Shale and North Dakota Bakken plays may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. An updated investor relations presentation and statistics were posted to our website this morning. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations; Bob Garrison, EVP, Exploration; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President of Investor Relations. The theme for this quarterly call is consistency. As you can tell from our financial and operating results, we continue to deliver what we promised to you at the beginning of the year. That's been a company hallmark and we are proud of it. We filed our 8-K with third quarter and full year 2008 guidance yesterday. These projections are consistent with the guidance we provided earlier in the year and I'll discuss them in a minute when I review operations. I'll now review our second quarter net income available to common stockholders and discretionary cash flow and then I'll provide an operational review. Tim Driggers will then discuss capital structure and I will close with a hydrocarbon macro overview and a summary. As outlined in our press release for the second quarter, EOG reported net income available to common stockholders of $178 million, or $0.71 per share. For investors we follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stockholders to eliminate mark-to-market impact as outlined in the press release, EOG's second quarter adjusted net income available to common stockholders was $632 million or $2.52 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the second quarter was $1.4 billion or $5.47 per share. I'll now address our strategy and operational highlights. We believe there are five components that constitute a premiere independence E&P company and these attributes have been longstanding goals at EOG. Four of these components are measurable and the fifth is more subjective. The four measurable components are, ROCE, net adjusted production growth per share, overall unit costs and net debt to total cap ratio. In 2008, we believe we will score either at or among the highest in a peer group in all four categories. We expect to generate peer-leading ROCE, unit cost control and lowest net debt to total cap ratio and we will be either the highest or in the top quartile regarding debt adjusted production per share growth. The fifth and more subjective category involves being an early mover in new horizontal resources plays. We think we have got a demonstrable track record in this category and even if we are not first mover in potential plays such as the Haynesville and Marcellus we still have a significant low cost acreage position in them if these plays develop. We value consistency at EOG and our 8-K indicates that our original 2008 goals remain the same today. We still expect to deliver 15% absolute production growth, all organic, even though we are currently experiencing natural gas and natural gas liquids curtailment in Johnson County due to the pipelines being at full capacity. I'll now provide brief highlights regarding several of our key plays. I'll start with North Dakota Bakken oil. We have approximately 320,000 net acres in the Bakken. We are currently drilling with eight rigs. Seven of these are drillings in the core area and one rig is testing areas on the periphery of the core. We continue to make great wells in the core. Three examples this quarter are the Austin #5-14H, #24-33H and #9-11H wells which had peak rates of 3,744 barrels of oil per day, 1880 barrels of oil per day, and 3225 barrels of oil per day gross respectively. During the first half of 2008, our average IP rate for all wells drilled was 1,732 barrels of oil per day and our direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return exceeded 100%. I think a 1,732 barrel oil per day average initial rate allows us to deem these as oil monster wells. We’ve now drilled enough wells whereby we can make a reasonable reservoir definition. We believe this accumulation consists of a high quality core area, which we call the Parshall Field. Per well reserves in this field are approximately 850,000 barrels of oil equivalent gross. EOG is by far the dominant acreage holder in this sweet spot and this constitutes our 80 million barrel oil net reserve estimate. Also, as mentioned on the last quarterly call, we're monitoring results from our first 320-acre gas space well which was drilled in the core area and we are also evaluating the potential for secondary recovery of the field. Around parts of this core area, we believe there's an extension area where wells are still very economic with 250,000 barrels of oil to 450,000 barrels of oil growth reserves per well. Not as prolific as the core, but still very good wells. During the quarter we drilled in this extension area and based on preliminary test data we are excited about extending the play beyond the core. We are weighting to quantify any reserve impacts since further drilling would be required to confirm these results and that will take place over the next few months. Overall, we expect to drill 80 gross wells this year and at least 100 gross wells next year. In British Columbia we commenced sales from our first two shale gas plays two weeks ago, one is a full lateral and one is a half lateral. We are pleased with the initial flow rates but want to watch these wells for a while before we provide specific details regarding per well reserves. We are currently running two rigs in this area and we will have a second full lateral well on sales next week. As previously noted, our immediate short-term sales capacity will be limited to 25 million cubic feet a day to 50 million cubic feet a day until we have full pipeline takeaway capacity in 2011. In the Barnett gas field our well results throughout the play continue to meet our exceed expectations. However, we are currently experiencing gas curtailments in Johnson County due to high pipeline pressures. Additionally, due to bottleneck NGL takeaway capacity at the processing plants we are not able to strip the optimum natural gas liquids out of the gas stream. We expect the gas takeaway problem to be ameliorated in October but the NGL bottleneck won't be fixed until next year. Accordingly, we will be selling less Barnett gas than capacity during the third quarter and expect the volume to pick up in the fourth quarter and the 8-K we filed last night reflects this fourth-quarter volume increase. I'm pleased with our per well results. Our press release outlined five [inaudible] Johnson County, Martin wells that IPd [ph] at gross production rates of 6.1 million cubic feet a day to 9.2 million cubic feet a day each, all gas monster wells by my definition. We are running four rigs in Hill County which is immediately south of Johnson and our per well reserves there are as expected, 1.5 net Bcf per well. In the western counties we are currently focusing on three development areas. In Palo Pinto County we drilled eight wells to-date averaging 1.1 net Bcfe per well. Our most recent well is currently testing at a 4.9 Mmcfe per day rate. We anticipate drilling 16 wells here by year-end. In Erath County we recently drilled the Hughes #1H, which tested at 3 million cubic feet a day and anticipate drilling 12 offset wells by year-end. We’ve already drilled 49 wells in this Erath County development area. In Hood County we drilled 25 wells to-date at an average 1 Bcf per well net and we are drilling additional wells. We recently completed the Black Ranch #9H at a rate of 2 million cubic feet a day gross. We have 61% working interest in this well. To summarize, our Barnett western county activity is generating the results we anticipated. Regarding north Barnett oil play, from day one, we’ve noted this is a 2009 event. We are currently waiting to get our gas processing plant installed at year-end before we can give you further definition regarding production data or recovery practice. In the meantime, we are testing various techniques for optimum development. I've had some feedbacks from Wall Street noting that people would like to see data from peer companies confirming this oil play. The reason for the lack of peer company… peer public company data is that EOG controls the vast majority of acreage in this play and simply put, there is not enough remaining acreage for anybody else to gain a significant foothold. I'll note there are at least two small private companies that are currently obtaining good economics with both vertical and horizontal oil wells in the area. I'll stress that we continue to be very excited about this play. During the past six months we mentioned three other successful resource plays, the Mississippi Chalk, the Mid Continent Atoka and the Colorado North Park Oil. During the quarter, we further confirmed two of threes plays. In the Mississippi Chalk we completed a Greenville 24.8 [ph] and 2315 #4 wells for 4.1 million cubic feet a day and 2.7 million cubic feet a day net respectively. These are 70% after tax rate of return wells. In the Mid Continue Atoka, we are running a three-rig drilling program and during the second quarter we completed five horizontal wells. The Apple 438 #3H and Landers 522 #3H wells tested rates 4.7 million cubic feet a day and 6.2 million cubic feet a day net respectively, confirming that this also is a high return play. We have identified over 150 drilling locations on our acreage and plan to increase drilling activity in this Mid Continent area in 2009. In the Colorado North Park Basin area, due to seasonal drilling restrictions, we don't have additional results from the oil play at this time but our operations in this area continue. Our other big resource play is the Vernal vertical Wasatch/Mesa development area in the Uintah Basin where we are running eight rigs and continue to get excellent results. Like all Rockies producers, we are trying to assess the impact of the September Rex pipeline curtailment. At this time we believe we can get our volumes moved but the basis differential will widen temporarily. The two other potential resource plays that have recently attracted interest are of course the Haynesville and Marcellus. We have approximately 100,000 net acres in Haynesville and are currently drilling our first horizontal. Until we have our own well results we can't opine regarding the efficacy of this play. In the Marcellus we have 220,000 net acres, are operating one rig and we will have some results by year-end. If the Marcellus works this will be a very slow developing play in the macro sense because of the major infrastructure issues. I'd estimate the Marcellus, if it works, would not contribute meaningfully to the macro domestic gas supply picture until 2012 plus. Switching to outside North America, our Trinidad asset continues to perform as expected and our next volume ramp up will be 60 million cubic feet a day net in early 2010. In the North Sea, we continued to align both oil and gas prices and will rebound from an inactive drilling year in 2008 and drill three to five exploration wells in 2009. On July 1st, we finalized our China acquisition of 130,000 acres from ConocoPhillips. This is a tight gas asset in the Sichuan basin onshore China that's currently producing approximately 8 million cubic feet a day net. The rock formation is a low permeability natural gas sand similar to our South Texas Wilcox Play. The prior operators, Burlington and ConocoPhillips, attempted to develop this asset with vertical wells and that was not very successful. We plan to use our South Texas analogy where we have unlocked half the net Tcf with horizontal drilling and we believe similar technology will unlock this sandstone play. If this works, we may develop up to one net Tcf on our acreage. We view this as a horizontal technology play in an energy-short country and hope this success could lead to broader opportunities in China. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss CapEx and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers: Thank you, Mark. For the second quarter 2008, total exploration and development expenditures, including asset retirement obligations, were $1.15 billon with $6 million of acquisitions. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $108 million. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $10.1 million. Year-to-date exploration and development expenditures, including asset retirement obligations, were $2.27 billion with $35 million of acquisitions. Total gathering, pipeline and other expenditures were $196 million. At quarter-end 2008, total debt outstanding was $1.147 billion and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 13%. At June 30, non-GAAP net debt was $1.039 billion or net debt to total cap ratio of 12%. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 28%, and the deferred tax ratio was 58%. The press release also highlighted a dividend increase of 12.5%. This is the second dividend increase this year and the ninth time the Board of Directors has increased the dividend in nine years. Yesterday, we filed a Form 8-K with third quarter and full year 2008 guidance. We also filed the second quarter 10-Q which has our updated hedge position. With our current hedge position as outlined in yesterday’s 8-K filing, for every $010 change in the average 2008 Henry Hub strip, EOG's 2008 net income and cash flow is impacted by approximately $20 million. Similarly, for every $1 move in the average 2008 WTI strip, EOG's 2008 net income and cash flow is impacted by approximately $10 million. For the full year 2008 the 8-K has an effective tax range of 32% to 36% and a deferral percentage of 65% to 75%. Using the midpoint of the updated 8-K guidance our full year 2008 unit cost for lease and well, DD&A, G&A, total exploration, net interest expense and excluding transportation and taxes other than income, our forecast increased 4.4% over 2007. Estimated capital expenditures for 2008, excluding acquisitions are now $4.75 billion, reflecting a $370 million increase. Approximately $100 million of the increase is related to increased gathering and processing activity in the Bakken and Barnett. The increase in exploration and development expenditures is due to drilling activities and significantly increased leasing costs in new areas. Now I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss the gas macro, hedging and his concluding remarks.
Mark G. Papa: Thank you, Tim. Regarding the worldwide oil supply demand picture, we believe oil prices will be highly volatile but will move directionally higher over the next five years because we see oil demand, particularly in Asia and the Middle East outstripping worldwide supply growth. In our mind predicting the North American gas market is more difficult because of the big influence of winter weather. Although there are current figures about domestic supply growth, we see the market as currently balanced based on the last nine weeks of storage injections with only one week out of range and that week was slightly affected by the July 4th holiday. As we mentioned in the last quarter, we still expect November 1st storage to reach 3.3 Tcf to 3.4 Tcf which will be a bullish harbinger for 2009. I'm a big believer that winter weather has a very large effect on ensuing years gas prices so if someone could tell me how hot or cold next winter will be then I will tell you the 2009 gas price. I will also comment regarding North American supply growth in a macro sense. We see the overall total Barnett field gas production peaking in 2009 at about 5 Bcf per day and then plateauing in 2010, 2011. Therefore, new resource plays will have to be the growth driver after 2009 and we don't see the British Columbia Horn River Basin filling that gap until 2011 plus. When you view supply growth in this context, the possible emergence of new domestic resource play is more digestible. Our 2008 oil and gas hedge position is unchanged from the last earnings call. We have added to our 2009 gas hedge position and as a percentage of North American total… North American natural gas production we are currently 36% hedged at an average price of $9.71. We also have a small amount of 2010 gas hedged with swaps at an average of $9.87 and we also have some gas collared at $10 followed by $12 cap. At this time, we don't anticipate hedging any 2009 or 2010 oil. Now let me summarize. In my opinion there are four important points to take away from this call. First, we believe we've carved out a strong consistent niche relative to the peer group in the four most important E&P metrics of ROCE, net adjusted production per share growth, low unit cost and low net debt. If the NYMEX is a good indicator of hydrocarbon prices through year-end, we expect to further pay down debt and end the year with a net debt to total cap ratio of around 8%. Today's dividend increase, the second this year, is further evidence of our conservative capital structure and our consistent game plan. Second, we are well set up to generate 13% to 15% organic production growth in 2009 and 2010 with a continued mix shift toward liquids. Third, there is room for all of our captured big core resource plays to expand and we are already seeing evidence of that occurring in our Bakken accumulation similar to the reserve expansion we've noted in Johnson County. And fourth, in addition to the Bakken, our other key plays are developing as expected and we continue to work on identifying new resource plays. I'll close by noting that I continue to be very confident regarding our consistent company strategy with our Bakken, Barnett gas, Barnett oil, British Columbia gas and Uintah Basin assets plus any other plays we don't have to capture any more assets to be assured of low cost, strong organic production growth well past 2010. Since we have so many home-grown assets it's unlikely we'll participate in the acquisition market. Of course we continue to work to add new horizontal plays targeting both oil and gas, which will further strengthen our asset base. Thanks for listening and now we will go to Q&A. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will have our first question from Bian Dale [ph], Bernstein.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Mark.
Mark G. Papa: Hi, Bian.
Unidentified Analyst: I had two questions, one was on the China assets. If I'm right the gas price domestically in China is set around $3.25. Is that what you're receiving and do you believe you are going to see upside in there as the government tries to raise the domestic gas price?
Mark G. Papa: Bian, the gas price that you mentioned is not the gas price we are receiving but it's not totally out of the range either. Gas prices in the Sichuan basin are controlled by the government, but it's a negotiated formula and that formula is confidential, but it is tied somewhat to exports and somewhat to local consumption. I would say that the price is kind of at the high end of what would see as long-term prices in Trinidad right now. The gas demand, as we see it, is definitely increasing in China with time. Gas prices are on the upswing there. So, we are happy with the gas price that we currently have negotiated and feel like we can make a very good rate of return on the asset there as long as we can make the horizontal program work.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you mind telling me whether it's above or below the $3.25?
Mark G. Papa: We are not really going to tell you the exact number, but it is certainly… right now in Trinidad I think our 8-K number is like $3.17, $3.20 something like that and we are in a range above that.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And my second question was just on some of your oil shale plays. I was trying to get a feel for what sort of oil price would make a moderate activity in those plays? I think, Mark, you commented before that you believe the economics are still pretty good at $70 a barrel. Is that just sort of a number that you’d be looking for before you would change your activities there?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we… $60 a barrel something like that, Bian, would be a number where we would start to think twice about it. I mean, at the current $120 a barrel we are making extremely high reinvestment rates of return on all of our oil shale plays. So, there's a lot of fat in there is the way I would describe it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Mark G. Papa: Economic fat.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Thomas Gardner, Simmons & Company.
Thomas Gardner: Good morning. Hey, Mark, you mentioned in light, you mentioned that you've increased your natural gas hedges in 2009. So, when you look beyond 2008 are you still bullish on North American natural gas or do you see the possibility of strong supply growth leading to gas on gas competition? And what do you see the governors to North American and natural gas supply being?
Mark G. Papa: For 2009, Tom, my sense is we'll start the heating season with between $3.3 and $3.4 in storage which will be a little bit lower than last year, but not a crisis point lower. And then, I believe it's really kind of a weather call. I think if we have a normal winter or a cold winter we are going to be, at least in E&P comp, we will be very happy with the 2009 gas prices but there is a risk that if we have an extraordinarily hot winter I think the whole sector will probably be a bit disappointed in the gas prices. I really… the point I would make is that I think in a lot of analysts’ minds the Barnett Shale which has been by far and a way the biggest single growth driver of domestic production growth for last three or four years, I think, a lot of people believe the Barnett Shale is just going to continue to grow indefinitely year after year after year and our view is that the Barnett Shale as an aggregate probably has one more year of decent growth and that's 2009. And by year-end 2009 we believe Johnson County is going to be pretty well drilled up buy all operators on about 35 acres spacing. And that's going to remove a lot of the thrust. There will be continued drilling in Tarrant County but that's an urban area and the rate of drilling there is not going to be anything to write home about. So, when people view the gas macro 2009 and later, you ought to assume in our opinion that the Barnett is just not going to be the big driving force except for one more year.
Thomas Gardner: Thank you for that. Jumping over to the Bakken, you mentioned that your 80 million barrels booked ties to your core area but there's the potential for 320-acre down spacing and you have got the periphery that May be also incremental. Can you paint a picture of just how big that could be net to EOG and assuming that works out, what sort of… how long does that perpetuate a growth trajectory in your production and the play?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, the first point there, you mentioned 80 million barrels booked, we haven't booked anywhere near that. We booked just a small amount in relative terms so that 80 million barrels net is what we think the reserve size will be. I think we booked about 20 million barrels to date in there. In terms of the Bakken and the possible expansion, I think we need to view that as kind of two different things. In the core where the primary production is 80 million barrels and we are getting these really, really high per well initial rates, we've defined that early enough, we believe, to now it just boils down to two questions. One, can it be down spaced from 640s and 320s, and two, whether or not one is applicable, can we figure a way to get more than about 10% of the oil in place recovery and a 10% is what is about 80 million barrel count number. So, it's really boiling down to a pure reservoir engineering analysis there and we've said that it's probably going to be early next year before we can get some definition on those two items. On the second way that the Barnett can grow is by drilling outside this core. And this earnings… this conference call kind of notes we have drilled some wells outside the core. We are very optimistic with the results but until we watch the wells a little bit more closely for a little more period of time we are not going to give a number on a potential side. But, I think that the directional trend on at least the resource plays that EOG has captured would infer to me that just kind of like Johnson County where we started out saying, well, we have X Tcf we are going to capture in Johnson County and we up that number. The Bakken is looking like it's going to fit a similar trend. And we hope some of these other big resource plays such as British Columbia, such as the Barnett oil play we hope those will also follow that trend but it's just too early to tell.
Thomas Gardner: Great. Thank you for that. And just one last question on the Horn River Muskwa and then I will hop off here. Can you just make a comparison, if you will, of the Muskwa versus the Barnett just in the key shale properties and I will hop off?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we provided an IR presentation kind of a slide that has logs [ph] from the Barnett, in fact the power logs from Barnett that we show normally show and in our typical catalogue for the Muskwa in which we point out that the thickness is actually greater in Muskwa. Average thickness is about 530 feet in the Barnett, the thickest part of the Barnett in fact is Central Johnson County, at least thickest part. We control acreage on it about 350 feet. So, it’s quite thicker. Permeability is about the same in the 200 to 300 nanodarcie range, which is quite good for a shale. Gas-filled porosity is roughly equivalent. Maturities are roughly equivalent. Silica content, which is quite important we think in determining the fracability of the shale. That’s actually slightly better in the Muskwa than it is in the Barnnet. So, the bottom line, when you add all those together and also the fact that the Muskwa is over pressured to a greater extent in the Barnett as you can pact more gas molecules per square mile in Muskwa than you can at Barnett. So, [inaudible] of about a 2x multiplier from our best Barnett to the Muskwa average of our 840,000-acre position. So, the bottom line is it’s a really good quality rock and there is more in a higher pressure than in Johnson County.
Thomas Gardner: Thanks for that.
Operator: We will go next to Joe Allman, J.P. Morgan.
Joseph Allman: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Mark G. Papa: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Allman: Mark, what do you think about the prospectivity of the Three Forks/Sanish under your acreage and do you have any plans to test the Three Forks/Sanish? We have tested the Three Forks/Sanish in a couple of wells in our Parshall area and a couple of our step-out wells around Parshall. We recognize that is an additional reservoir potential in the area on our 320,000 net acre position, but I would say in the Parshall area itself we have not found it to be a quality reservoir and are not [inaudible]. It’s kind of spotty in its distribution around the basin we believe. It’s probably the part of the same self… basin centered oil shale as the Bakken and so we will be exploring four days as we go forward on the remainder of our acreage.
Joseph Allman: Okay. Do you think in your Parshall fuel wells and Austin Wells do you think you are getting some contribution from the Three Forks/Sanish?
Mark G. Papa: I really don't think we are. I mean we have penetrated in a couple of places and as I said, the porosity development, particularly the permeability development in that particular zone is pretty spotty. And I don’t believe that it extends to integrate a step under our main Parshall field, at least from the data we have so far. Now, as I said that covers maybe 100,000 of our 320,000 acres. And there is a lot more to explore for you.
Joseph Allman: Gotcha. I might have missed what you said, the test you have done outside of Parshall, have they been more promising?
Mark G. Papa: We are not going to comment on Sanish potential and wells we drilled outside of Parshall at this point. I think it’s still too new to draw any conclusions and we probably muddy the waters more than we clear it if we try.
Joseph Allman: Gotcha. The strong well that you reported recently in the Austin area, are you using the same techniques that you have always used, just a single… I know you have done a single long lateral on 640 and in small factors?
Timothy K. Driggers: Yes. We… that's directionally, Joe. But we haven’t… in the last six months we haven’t further refined our completion techniques there. I think we are obviously, if you look at those effect, I think you put out something on the best wells completed in the market. I think whatever we are doing, it seems to be much better than most other companies out there in terms of initial rate and we think also in reserves.
Joseph Allman: Okay. And then the wells that you are drilling outside of the core area, are those on the border of Montréal and Berk County?
Mark G. Papa: We are not going to develop anything other than our outside the core right now because there is still additional acreage we may tend to pick up.
Joseph Allman: Gotcha. Appreciate that. And then, are you… so that was my next question, so you are buying some more acreage?
Mark G. Papa: Yes.
Joseph Allman: Okay. Got it. And then just on… your comment on the Barnett Shale peaking in late '09. For EOG you need to make up for that growth wedge, do you think the Bakken and the Barnett oil make up for that in the near term and then following that would be the Horn River Basin growth?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Actually we had a chart in our February analyst conference that kind of show that what happens is our Barnett gas begins to flatten out in 2009, but that's when the Barnett oil kicks in. So, we expect to have many years of continued aggregate Barnett growth but the lift is going to be more towards liquids going forward. And just another comment, when I discussed item up about the Barnett peaking in '09, people say, well can’t you [inaudible] refrac or couldn’t you drill on, let’s say, 15-acre basin. We believe, particularly in Johnson County, the refracs are not likely to work and so you are not going to get any big surge from that and that we also believe that drilling the wells on even ore concentrated spacing is probably also not going to work. So our view with the Barnett currently in Johnson County is it’s kind of a one-time shot and until we get some new technology that we are not aware off is not necessarily going to be a second round there. We think that also applies to other parts of the core area.
Joseph Allman: That’s helpful and then lastly could you just comment on the recent trend for drilling and completion cost and also comment on the availability of steel to develop your various programs.
Timothy K. Driggers: The drilling costs they have been fairly flat through first half of '08 and we are starting to see a little bit of increase. Yes, the tubular and fuel cost, that's in the East Texas. Rocky Mountains, we are starting to see a little bit of increase in stimulation cost because of sand shortage there. Forward area the cost are pretty flat, rates are starting to tighten up a little bit there. So overall, our costs have been lower first half '08 compared to '07. But we may see cost increase slightly here in the second half given some of those gains.
Mark G. Papa: And on that tubular question, the tubular situation not as tight as we have seen it in the last 20 years to 30 years. We are literally in a mode on many of our wells of kind of just in time delivery to get the pipe there to the well side literally hours before we have to run it in the well. Whether this tightens further, which could actually reduce drilling activity, we don't know. We generally expect it to remain tight but not to be a pinch point where in a macro sense people are laying down rigs so they can’t get pipes, but we're not an expert on the tubular market.
Joseph Allman: Fair enough. Well, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Singer, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark G. Papa: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: Wanted to see if you could provide any additional color on the Barnett oil play, you highlighted briefly in your remarks, but I guess what incrementally is driving your level of confidence that this can be a major wedge, I guess looking out into 2009, probably and more importantly 2010 or 11?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, in terms of... and I know people who would love to hear a lot more details on the oil play or at least have some other kind of peer company confirming the oil play. As we mentioned, this is the one play where we pretty well locked up vast majority of the acreage before we went public with it. And we are aware that at least one other peer company went in after analyst call and attempted to gain an acreage position and then pulled out after several months when it realized that it will be very difficult for them to get any sizeable acreage position. So we're... we pretty much control this play at least among the public companies and what we are currently doing is, we are experimenting with the completion techniques on both horizontal and we are also looking at vertical wells, as I mentioned there are some private companies that have completed some vertical wells and they are 100% reinvestment rate of return wells. So, we are open-minded enough to say well we look at horizontal wells or look at vertical here since there is track record of successful vertical wells. But the problem we have is we can't get any sustained test on much of anything there because there is pretty much... pretty close to zero capacity for anybody to take the gas up there in Montague County. And so we just... we have to wait until we get our plant built before we can really do much with these things. So, I would just say the reason we're so excited about the play is that we continue to confirm that the oil in place per square mile there is huge, over 30 million barrels per square mile in some of that area and if we just get a small percentage of that 2% or so, you can end up with some pretty big numbers. But everybody just have to be patient until the year-end or the first quarter before we can provide any more specific details on it.
Brian Singer: And could you just refresh us from your analyst meeting whether and I apologize and I'm recalling just whether it is just really just for now a oil [inaudible] call or are there any… is there any even initial production rate data or initial declined data to speak out that gives you the confidence?
Timothy K. Driggers: At our analyst call in February, we talked about our initial, I think it was eight wells if I'm not mistaken that we did drill eight horizontal wells. And we showed in our first quarter, we talked about the IPs of those wells ranging from 150 barrels to 350 barrels of oil per day and 0.5 million to 1 million cubic feet of gas per day which yielded a direct… a cash rate return of around 65% and that's really all we put it out Brian at this point.
Brian Singer: And have those wells then producing, or are they constrained because of the gas issue and I guess if they have been producing, can you talk about what you've seen?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Most of them have been constrained, most... all of them basically have been constrained, was just in a minute production is best. But the very limited production data we have still confirms those kind of estimates. But we're really suffering from a positive data until we get more infrastructure out there. And I'll note that when we presented this to everybody in February, we said this is the 2009 event, it’s not a 2008 event. So, that's kind of our information that we can provide to you at this time.
Brian Singer: That's great. And then separately on the higher CapEx which seems to a lot be on increased leasing, can you just start providing more color on whether that represents acreage acquisitions in plays you've discussed versus working upon new resource plays? I think you mentioned you've seen some sharp increases in leasing costs. So, maybe we should interpret that represents Bakken, Haynesville and Marcellus, I don't know if there is any color you can provide there?
Mark G. Papa: Yes… I mean in the Marcellus specifically, we're not chasing any additional acreage up there at this time. What we are seeing though is that as you guys on the sell side are well aware that every peer company wants to have a stable full of resource plays and so that the acreage costs even for first movers on potential resource plays, the acreage cost has gone up dramatically. And so, what we're doing is, we're trying to be... to not chase the hot plays per say, but even the front-end costs in some plays that we thought would be kind of under covered plays. It's costing us more to get acreage there than we would have thought. So. a big majority of that money that we are talking about is in plays that we really haven't currently disclosed and will be evaluating over the next year or two.
Brian Singer: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to David Tameron, Wachovia.
David Tameron: Good morning, everyone. A couple of questions. If you look at and you have kind of alluded to this, Mark, but if you look at your 2009 growth target that you guys laid out kind of 13% to 15% number, how confident are you today in that number? Is that a P70 number or a P50?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I'm pretty darn confident in the number. I don't know if I want to put a P specifically on it, but it's a pretty reasonable number and that number was 13% to 15% production growth for 2009. The components for that growth really are... we've got a sustained drilling program in the Burnell area there, Uintah Basin that just beat one more year of kind of a standard program. The Bakken is currently outperforming the estimates that we provided in the February analysts call and we expect the Bakken will continue to outperform throughout all of 2009 based on what we stated already on this call. And then, the Barnett oil should be coming on during that timeframe as well as the rest of our play. So, the only absence from the extraordinary events such as unavailability of rigs, unavailability of steel, some unusual collapse in hydrocarbon prices, I think we're pretty well set up for the production growth for 2009. And really, we've watched a lot of companies’ strategy here over the course of this year and there seems to be a lot of companies that are paying really premium prices for either acreage in hot areas or producing properties in hot areas. We sit back and say, just look at the inventory we have in hand today even if we never added another resource play, we're pretty well set up well past 2010, just developing the assets we already have and have disclosed. So, we just don't see any need to block there and literally spend billions and billions of dollars on chasing some of the assets, and so it's extremely unlikely that we will do that either this year or 2009.
David Tameron: Okay. Thanks. And then along those lines, so you have obviously net debt-to-cap targeted sub 10%, any more commentary on what’s your thoughts on with the cash balance that you have committed there or you are kind of projecting right in the break-even cash CapEx over the next couple of years?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I mean, preliminary thought for 2009 would be... if you just took today's NYMEX prices for 2009 that we probably end up roughly cash neutral… cash flow neutral program in 2009. So, the game plan will be to continue to have very, very low levels of debt, net debt in 2009 and later. Probably we'll continue to have the best ROCE that appears than the peer group and lowest unit cost as well as a lowest debt. And then 2009, 2010 debt adjusted production gross per share, we may not be in first place in that, but I believe we'll be in the top quartile every single year. And frankly, we just don't see the need to… for growing the company at 14%, 15% per year. We are just not that anxious to lever up the company in a monstrous way so that we can say, we've got production growth in the low 20s per year. We much rather have an extremely low debt and high ROCE to growing the company with normally 14%, 15% per year.
David Tameron: Okay, refreshing view. And the last comment, a lot of talk on sell side and buy side as prices trend down on natural gas side of the costs over the last month. What do you believe that marginal costs for suppliers right now in the U.S. kind of from the natural gas standpoint?
Mark G. Papa: In the Gulf of Mexico, it's probably currently $8 to $9, I would guess, with the way the marine equipments costs have gone up and any onshore areas you probably look at $7.50, something like that, maybe $8. So, the issue I think on the... this comment on gas prices, a month or so ago they were $13, $13.50, and personally, I was wondering why they're going up so much, because I couldn't see any fundamental supply demand situation that would drive them up toward $13, $14. So, my sense is they were just overpriced a month ago and now they're back in the... in my mind, the price is $10, maybe $9 is probably a more rational price assuming the kind of a normal winter for this coming winter. So, our views have collapsed as they collapse from the price that was more of an emotional price there of $13.50.
David Tameron: All right. Thanks, nice color.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to David Heikkinen with Tudor.
David Heikkinen: Good morning. One quick question, the 100,000 acres you have in the Haynesville, can you give us any description of where that's located?
Mark G. Papa: It's... I mean, some of it's in North Louisiana, some of it's in the East Texas part, and it kind of just... it's a pretty good spread, but I'd say, the 100,000 acres are in areas that some other companies have deemed that would be perspective. And I'd say, we just have no first hand results ourselves about the Haynesville, and so we just... and I know there is kind of a big argument going on in the industry about, is the Haynesville a really big player or is it a localized player if it play at all. And we just seem to stay out of that whole kind of argument until we get some data on our own.
David Heikkinen: And if we look at your existing production in those fields, I mean, you have some legacy fields between [inaudible] if you just take that line, is that the majority of the acreage you're talking about because it is mostly held already or is it new leasing?
Mark G. Papa: The majority... the vast majority of 100,000 acres is just a legacy acreage.
David Heikkinen: Yes. Okay.
Mark G. Papa: But maybe about half of our acreage is kind of in that area that you just described there.
David Heikkinen: Okay. You've given that already a few times. The other question I had just thinking about the Bakken and defining the extension area, talk about 100,000 acres that are in this primarily core Parshall, how should we think about… you may even want to get into the direction of the extension areas you're still leasing but, we've have thought of the crescent sort of that the Bakken has developed. Is that… how do you think about what or where we should think about that extension area heading?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we would like to leave that as murky as possible, regarding the geometries, outside expansion, frankly the geometry as a core area, we think we understand now what… pretty well what the boundaries are on a really high-quality core area and as we said before, there are...there is a rind of somewhat lesser quality, but still economic acreage around that core area. And the geometry, as we understand it, is better defined now but it will expand, we believe, in rind area, particularly it will expand in we've driven our comment on what directions that might go.
David Heikkinen: Okay, and everybody is keeping their eye on Barnett oil and it looks like the majority permits there more in Montague County as opposed to Clay and Archer. Is that just an indication of where infrastructure is located now, more so than quality of wells or can we read anything into the concentration of EOG permits further to the east?
Mark G. Papa: Well, I'd say that there is a similarity between Montague County, which is the farthest east, and then you go to Clay and then you go to west, got to Archer as move west. There is a similarity to the Barnett gas and that as you move out of Montague County going west the zone gets thinner and you lose the viola [ph] which insulates you from the [inaudible] of water. So, out of the reserve estimates that we kind of put out so far, the biggest single contributor that by far is Montague County. And so we've done some drilling out in the west but, like I said, more wells in Montague in west and that's where as these oil play develops I think Montague will be the name you're hearing a lot more frequently than Archer play.
David Heikkinen: And that's helpful. And then on the balance sheet side, do you guys think at all about or how would you think about share repurchase programs and where that would fit in your capital allocation process?
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I mean with the stock price decline, what kind of puts back on the table is something that we have in our arsenal. I'd say that at this point, it’s still more likely that we'll run the company with low debt as supposed to attempting to kind of lead anyone to believe that we're going to jumping into a big share repurchase program in the future. The preference would be to just run the company at very low debt in 2009, 2010, 2011 and to have kind of a balanced program, cash flow versus CapEx post 2008. But depending on how the stock reaction whether it directs further in the negative direction, we certainly have the fast hour to do something about it in terms of repurchases. We're just still watching that everyday.
David Heikkinen: Just one additional thing, on the Barnett gas peaking in 2009, make sure we're all measuring from the same point, what is current Barnett gas production as you guys are measuring it compared with the 5 Bcf a day?
Mark G. Papa: We think it's probably somewhere, if we just took like a current June, July number, we think it's somewhere probably in a range of probably 4.2% right now.
David Heikkinen: Okay.
Mark G. Papa: And we think it'll peak out at about five something like that.
David Heikkinen: And how much liquids are… are you including liquids in that or is that just straight gas, just trying to make sure?
Mark G. Papa: Gas, really.
David Heikkinen: Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Mark G. Papa: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Hagen, Merrill Lynch.
Eric Hagen: Hi, good morning. First, thanks for a very measured instead of same view of gas markets in growth. In terms of questions, can you give us an idea of the volumes out of the Bakken currently and how many wells you are producing?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We don't want to get into specifics on there because... and the main reason we don't is, if we give a specific volume now then somebody will ask for the next quarter and if it happens to be 500 barrels a day lower then that somebody has projected that and then somewhere around sell side right up to say Bakken less than expected for the third quarter or so. So we just don't want to [inaudible] this Barnett, we'll give an annual goal, and we have provided an annual goal in the February analyst conference for this year for the Bakken and what we can tell you is we're going to beat that number but we're not going to give specifics.
Eric Hagen: Okay. Great, thanks. And the other question I have is on the Marcellus, besides infrastructure issues and permitting and what not, is there anything in terms of the geology or consistency of results that makes you more negative or more measured on the play?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I'd say that we are a little more measured on the play than perhaps some others that you are reading out there in that the thickness is quite a bit less than we see and obviously than that we see in a Barnett. And it's a good quality rock and it's well distributed over a broad areas. But as I said the thickness is an issue, in some case pressure is an issue but probably the most unknown risk factor that we and others are dealing with right now is frac efficacy, frac barrier containment in the Marcellus itself. The kind of results that we are hearing about in parts of Pennsylvania that we're showing 3 Bcf to 4 Bcf of oil that really does not confront well with kind of IPs that we are seeing in rest of the play and really the way we model the plays north of 1.5 Bcf to 2 Bcf of oil kind of play, particularly if you're looking at big program averages. It's really, really difficult to average 3 Bcf to 4 Bcf of oil over a whole play.
Eric Hagen: Okay. And in terms of that… the frac efficacy, is that the lack of a frac barrier in certain areas that you can’t contain the fracs or is there some sort of embedded shale that’s interfering with fracs, any more color you can provide on that possibly?
Mark G. Papa: Really, that is specific because I've cared to get. I think there are differences in the frac barriers throughout the play, from geographic area to geographic area and next I think the biggest unknown in the play right for most of the operators.
Eric Hagen: Well, great. Thanks for that color.
Mark G. Papa: Okay, Eric.
Operator: We'll go next to Leo Mariani, RBC.
Leo Mariani: Yes. Thanks. The question on the Bakken here. You guys talked about some peak rates in your press release from three new wells at 2.7, 1.9, and 3.2 [inaudible]. Trying to get a sense of what the term is on those rates, those one-day peak rates or where do we have investment in that?
Mark G. Papa: Those rates, I mean for the Bakken, are you asking about the Bakken there, Leo?
Leo Mariani: Yes
Mark G. Papa: Okay. You quoted some numbers there, I'm not sure where those numbers came from 3.7… I guess that’s 1000 barrels a day, okay. Yes, those are just initial rates, probably the first three to four days rates and these wells will decline at pretty sharp rates and to some degree that's… you can't use that number and say that's going to be a yearly average and anything like that but what they do, if you kind of compare those initial rates with what we've seen from some or the peer companies up there you’ll find that they are considerably higher in many cases, double, triple, five times initial rates from some of these other companies. And it just shows that there is a correlation between the initial rates and the ultimate reserves on wells. The higher the initial rates, the more reserves you're going to get out of the well.
Leo Mariani: Okay. I am... due you guys have enough data in that play to talk about what to expect for the first year annual decline rates?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We do and I'm not sure we can quote it and give it to you here. We could probably, if you want to call Maire later on, we'll dig it out, but the answer is, yes we've got a pretty accurate tight curve on that.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Jumping over to the [inaudible] play you guys mentioned two recent wells that came on production here. Any indication of what those flow rates are and I guess are those producing at this point without restriction?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. British Columbia?
Leo Mariani: Yes.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. They are producing without restriction. I'd say, they have only been on about two weeks. We really don't want to give any flow rates or anything on them other than to say we're pleased. And I think by next quarter, we can probably give a much more detailed assessment for you of what we are talking about up there in BC.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Just to clarify on your comments about the Barnett gas here. You talked about industry peaking at some point in 2009, do you also expect that EOG's volumes in the Barnett would peak in 2009? Are you guys going to have I mean do some more lights on that?
Mark G. Papa: Well, in terms of the Barnett gas volumes, yes, we expect they will probably peak in and then plateau in 2010 and 2011and then we expect to have the oil volumes slated in. But generally we think we will be similar to the industry in the Barnett gas portion.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Mark G. Papa: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Gil Yang, Citi.
Gil Yang: Hi. Just couple of quick questions. In China, did the earthquake have any effect on either the operations there and/or the plans to move forward with that in the future with concerns about infrastructure and susceptibility to earthquake?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. The answer to that is no. It was in an area far enough away from the stuff the field we are dealing with that there was no effect either on the down hole equipment or any on the surface, no pipeline related issues or anything like that.
Gil Yang: Okay and Loren, you commented Muskwa has… is over pressured and I am not sure you said it's two times pressured or was that overall between all the things twice as good?
Loren M. Leiker: No. That's an overall twice as good, twice as much gas in place per square mile.
Gil Yang: Okay. What is the full pressure in... full pressure grading in Muskwa.
Loren M. Leiker: It ranges from the East to the West side of the basin but all of that basin is more over pressured by gradient than is the Barnett. And Barnett may be in 4.8 to 5.2 range and Muskwa is substantially higher than that.
Gil Yang: Again 0.7 range.
Loren M. Leiker: Really not given actual number for that. It does vary across the basin and that's kind of one of the controlling parameters for gas in plays?
Gil Yang: Does that potentially mean that the decline rates are going to be higher, too if it's more over pressured?
Loren M. Leiker: I think so, I think it just is going to pack molecules into the core structure that you have. The decline rates... we don't have long-term productions. Some others have a little bit longer-term production than we do. And they don't look how ordinary it is.
Mark G. Papa: Our guess, Gil is that the decline rates will be similar to Barnett gas type curve coupon rate.
Gil Yang: Last question, I have sort of a macro question for you, Mark, is, you're saying that maybe gas ending inventory is 3.3, 3.4 and I think you've been saying before 3.2, 3.3, if that's right, what has changed that? It's a little bit... obviously it is less than last year, but still a little higher than your previous estimate, what has changed in that interim?
Mark G. Papa: On the previous earnings call, I did not use 3.2, I said I expected it to be 3.3. So now I'm saying, on average 3.35. So…
Gil Yang: Okay.
Mark G. Papa: That's within around the accuracy, but I don't recall every saying 3.2.
Gil Yang: Right. Okay. So, you are introducing no major change there?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We really don't think there is a major change, I think as everybody knows, the comps there in August, we're going to be really tough to be relative to last year's August. But I guess, if I just stand back and look and say, okay over the last nine or ten our storage injection reports, in my mind we have one disappointingly various report which was one or two weeks ago. And that may or may not have been affected by the July 4th holiday, but other than that the rest of them have been pretty much in line, some over, some under, but it doesn't indicate the way we've got this massive oversupply situation. I think it's just more psychology right now that oil prices have fallen a bit, people know that last August was so hot and this August will be really doubtful. So push the sell button for gas features is what some people appear to be saying, but I don't think the fundamentals are particularly weak at all there.
Gil Yang: Given you generally bullish outlook, can you just, maybe you said this earlier and I missed it. But could you give some rationalization of why you're actually taking your hedges for '09 about your hedges in percentage terms at least over '08?
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We... on the last earnings call, I believe we were 30% hedged for '09 and we said that we would likely add to those hedges and now we are currently 36% hedged at a $9.71 price, kind of we view that as kind of a reasonable price. We're not at the camp that says, gas next year is going to be $12. We think $10, $9, $9.50 is probably more reasonable gas price unless you have a really, really cold winter. So, that's why we blocked in some of that, we blocked again what we think is a rational gas price for next year.
Gil Yang: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark G. Papa: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Ellen Hannan, Weeden & Company.
Ellen Hannan: Good morning. Actually my questions have been answered, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Marshall Carver, Capital One.
Marshall Carver: Yes, a couple of question on the Marcellus. I didn’t catch your acreage positions there.
Mark G. Papa: 220,000 net acreage.
Marshall Carver: And the 1.5 Bcf to 2 Bcf per well, is that... do you think that you can get higher recoveries in certain areas and no other operators just talked about 3 Bcf to 4 Bcf a well in Northeast Pennsylvania and Southwest Pennsylvania?
Mark G. Papa: I mean, we'll comment in just a general sense there that if you look at the rock it's considerably thinner than the Barnett, and basically in Johnson County, the average in Johnson County is not three to four Bcf well, it's less than that. And so, when you are dealing with Marcellus, which is less geo-pressured and much thinner, it just doesn't make good reservoir engineering stands that you're going to get recoveries of 4 Bcf well when that hadn't been average in Johnson County. So, we just think that that number is probably the number that's we believe is unrealistic. And then, you clearly do have a problem with containing the fracs within that relatively thin zone. You have more of a problem in the Marcellus than you do in the Barnett. So, that's another reason for caution.
Marshall Carver: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I'll turn the conference back over two Mr. Papa for additional or closing remarks.
Mark G. Papa: I just want to thank everyone for listening and we'll continue to just stay on a very consistent game plan. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time. We do appreciate your participation.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman and CEO Timothy K. Driggers - VP and CFO Loren M. Leiker - Senior EVP, Exploration Gary L. Thomas - Senior EVP, Operations
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Gil Yang - Citi Investment Research Joe Allman - JPMorgan Ben Dell - Bernstein David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Leo Mariani - RBC Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners David Tameron - Wachovia Wayne Cooperman - Cobalt Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources 2008 first quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2008 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website, at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits producers to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Barnett Shale and North Dakota Bakken Plays, may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to US investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. An updated Investor Relations presentation and statistics were posted to our website last night. With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations; Bob Garrison, EVP, Exploration; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. We filed an 8-K with second quarter and full year 2008 guidance yesterday. These forecasts were consistent with the details provided at a recent Analyst Conference. And I'll discuss them in a minute when I review operations. I'll now review our first quarter net income available to common stockholders and discretionary cash flow, and then I'll provide an operational overview. Tim Driggers will then discuss capital structure, and I'll close with the gas macro overview and a summary. As outlined in our press release, for the first quarter EOG reported net income available to common stockholders of $241 million or $0.96 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts to focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stockholders to eliminate mark-to-market impact and exclude the impact of the Appalachian property sales as outlined in the press release, EOG's first quarter adjusted net income available to common stockholders was $473 million or $1.89 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analyst to focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's Bcf for the first quarter was $1.1 billion or $4.40 per share. I'll now address our strategy and operational highlights. Our 2008 strategy can be divided into three elements. First, we want to deliver 15% total company production growth in 2008 and be set up to deliver similar organic growth again in 2009 and 2010 with a gradual shift toward more liquids production. As indicated by our first quarter results in our guidance and 8-K, I believe we are on track regarding the 2008 volume target and we will set up for 2009 and 2010. Regarding our shift to more liquids production, our first quarter total liquids increased 38% versus last year. So this shift is occurring as we predicted. Second, we'd like to maintain our 2008 CapEx, excluding acquisitions, at or near our original $4.4 billion estimate and use any free cash flow to further strengthen our balance sheet. We started the year with a 14% net debt to total cap ratio, and based on our hydrocarbon price expectations, we'll likely end the year at a much lower ratio. And third, we intend to continue looking for new resource plays often using in horizontal drilling. As I articulated in our recent Analyst Conference, I believe this is a future of the onshore E&P business, and EOG wants to capture as many of these new place as possible using our early mover advantage. Today, we've disclosed a new horizontal resource play that was captured in the Mid Continent. We have now drilled 17 horizontal wells in the Atoka Formation in the Texas Panhandle and feel sufficiently comfortable on the technical side to declare that we've captured a net 400 Bcf potential. Similar to the process for horizontal success that we reported at our February Analyst Conference, we've been testing this play and acquiring acreage for the last two years. The typical well cost is $3.4 million for 2 Bcf of net reserves. These wells typically have initial production rate of 4 to 7 million cubic feet a day. We currently have 60,000 net acres here. I will now provide some brief highlights regarding some of our other place. I will remind everyone that at our Analyst Conference we noted that most of our recently announced resource plays won't begin to have a volume impact until 2009, or in the case British Columbia likely 2011, primarily because of infrastructure issues. Therefore, our 15% 2008 total company organic volume growth is being generated with essentially no contribution from our new horizontal plays, which shows the strength of our base portfolio. I'll start with the Barnett gas. We're in track to hit our 470 Mmcfe per day average 2008 production target and our year-to-date result are consistent with those shown in late February. We're still drilling excellent wells in Johnson County and are in a manufacturing process with a 17 rig drilling program there. In the Western and Hill Counties we're running 5 rigs and have evolved to essentially a manufacturing process there as well. In short, everything is on track regarding Barnett gas development. Regarding the Barnett oil play in Montague, Clay, and Archer counties, we noted at our Analyst Conference that we need to construct a gas processing plant and related oil and gas pipeline infrastructure before we can ramp up volumes. This work is underway and we expect that this infrastructure will be in place by early 2009. In the meantime, we're continuing to drill and further optimize our frac technology to determine the optimum stimulation for this oil reservoir. We have determined that you can't simply take a Johnson County frac and apply it per se to the oil play. We recently completed 4 new horizontal wells in Montague County, the Billy Henderson 2H and 3H, the Keemas [ph] at 1H and a Soakwell 2H [ph], and all are producing similar to the model well outlined in February; i.e., initial rates of 150 to 350 barrels of oil per day with between 500,000 and 1 million cubic feet a day production of rich gas yielding a 65% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return. It's too early to provide definitive answers regarding well spacing, drainage radii and recovery factors, but I expect we'll have more clarification regarding these items in early 2009. For the reset of this year, we'll be working on optimizing the well completions, adding more acreage and installing our infrastructure. In British Colombia, we continue to feel very good about the Horn River Basin shale play, but we don't have any new EOG well test data beyond that disclosed in February. We plan to drill and complete several additional wells in 2008 to further define the potential of the play. With the focus on cost, we plan to run our completion operations in the summer months. We expect to commence first sales from this asset this summer when pipeline infrastructure is complete. But we'll note that available pipeline capacity is low, about 40 million cubic feet a day, and we don't expect significant growth from this asset till 2011 when a more robust pipeline infrastructure is available. Similarly, our Colorado North Park Basin oil play won't have a volume impact of any significance until 2009. We're currently drilling an offset to our discovery well, and by early 2009, we're likely to know whether this is a 10 million or an 18 million barrel net asset. Our Mississippi Chalk Play, which we also highlighted in the analyst conference, will also be primarily a 2009 and later impact item. Our 8-rig North Dakota Bakken development is proceeding as anticipated and is still averaging 100% direct after-tax reinvestment rates of return. We're consistently making very good wells. Austin 8-26H well that was completed at the end of February had an initial production rate of 3,060 barrels of oil per day. Recently, we completed the Austin 6-15H well that had an initial production rate of 3,630 barrels of oil per day. These are the two best wells in the field today, and I will note that those are probably two of the best wells in recent history in the Bakken play in North Dakota in its entirety. Within the Parshall field, very strong initial production rates are now routine, similar to our frequency of monster wells in the Johnson County. The more drilling we do, the more confident we are regarding our net 80 million barrel reserve estimate for this asset. The upside to this estimate will be determined in three possible ways: First, by extending the field limits and step-outs really; second, by a possible 320-acre downspacing; and the third, by secondary recovery. The field is currently being drilling on 640 acre spacing, and we are currently completing our first 320-acre downspace well. We will need several months of production history from the well in order to determine the impact to any increase in reserve recovery versus acceleration. I expect that by yearend, we'll have a definitive idea regarding the Bakken reserve side. On the facility side, we just commissioned our first EOG gas processing plant to handle the associated gas volumes, and we expect to see increasing natural gas liquids volumes from the Bakken throughout the second half of the year. For brevity, I won't provide well-by-well details regarding the plethora of other plays that are contributing to the 15% production growth in 2008, except to say that these plays, ranging from the Uinta Basin to South Texas… South Texas, excuse me, are obviously contributing their part, because the new plays won't have a volume impact until 2009 and beyond. I'll also note the 15% growth is not a pro forma number. We expect to hit this absolute target without adjusting for our first quarter Appalachian sale. Likewise, our Trinidad asset is performing as expected, and we are still on track for 60 million a day net volume increase in early 2010. In the North Sea, we won't be active during 2008, but we have a three to five-rig exploration -- three to five wells, excuse me, exploration programs scheduled for 2009. Additionally, we are in the process of finalizing an acquisition for ConocoPhillips relating to a tight gas sand asset in the Sichuan basin onshore China. This is an asset that EOG owned back in the late 1990s before we became a fully independent public company. We will be partnering with PetroChina again, and we have received the necessary approval from the Chinese Ministry of Finance and Commerce. The transaction was funded during the second quarter and is expected to close this summer. We're acquiring 130,000 acres and 7 million cubic feet a day of net production. This asset is analogous to our South Texas' Wilcox sandstones. While we've unlocked about a half of Tcf with horizontal drilling, we believe horizontal technology is applicable to the Sichuan basin sandstones, but it will probably be late 2009 before we know whether it truly works in this area. Strategically, this fits with our goal of adding an international asset that is amenable to horizontal drilling in an energy-short part of the world. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to review CapEx and capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Mark. For the first quarter of 2008, total exploration and development expenditures including asset retirement obligations were $1.122 billion with $29 million of acquisitions. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property plant and equipment were $88 million. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $9.4 million. At quarter-end 2008, total debt outstanding was $1.185 billion, and the debt to total capitalization ratio was 14%. At March 31, non-GAAP net debt was $980 million or net debt to total cap ratio of 12%. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 35%, and the deferred tax ratio was 65%. During the first quarter 2008, we repurchased remaining $5 million of our preferred stock. We no longer have any preferred stock outstandings. Yesterday, we filed our Form 8-K with second quarter and full-year 2008 guidance and our updated hedge position. For the full year 2008, the 8-K has an effective tax range of 32% to 36% and a deferral percentage of 55% to 75%. Using the midpoint of the updated 8-K guidance, our full year 2008 unit cost for leasing wells, DD&A, G&A, total exploration, net interest expense, and excluding transportation and taxes other than income, our forecast increased only 2% over 2007. With our current hedge position, as outlined in yesterday's 8-K filing, for every $0.10 change in Henry Hub, EOG's 2008 net income and cash flow is impacted by approximately $20 million. Similarly, for every $1 move in WTI, EOG's 2008 net income and cash flow is impacted by approximately $10 million. Now, I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss the gas macro, hedging and his concluding remarks.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. Regarding the North American gas macro, we think prices will remain strong throughout the year, because overall 2008 net supply growth will be essentially flat with 2007, while demand growth will be up about 1 Bcf a day. Given the flat overall net supply and current storage, we think that November 1st storage levels may only reach about 3.3 Tcf, which will be a bullish signal for 2009 gas prices. To me, the most intriguing piece of this equation relates to LNG import levels. To-date this year, we've noted that non-US, LNG demand is significantly stronger than most people would have predicted a year ago. It's a harbinger for stronger than predicted non-US LNG demand in 2009 and later periods. We now know that LNG import tunnels are being constructed or considered in Argentina, Kuwait, Dubai, Chilly, and Brazil. A few years ago, no one would have predicted that these countries would have been importing LNG. This critical area of non-US, LNG demand growth, I believe, is something we need to watch closely, because if this demand grows continues to surprise on the up side and that is a bullish sign for North American long term gas prices. Our 2008 and 2009 financial hedge position is only slightly changed since our February Analyst Conference and that we added a few more 2009 GAAP hedges in late April. For the period June 1st to December 31st, 2008 we are about 30% hedged regarding North American gas at an $8.52 price. For 2009, we are about 24% hedged at $8.80. For the period May 1st to December 31st, 2008 we have about 28% of our total company oil hedged at $92.19, no oil hedge is beyond 2008. At some point, we may consider adding more of 2009 gas hedges. Now, let me summarize, in my opinion there are five important points to take away for this call. First, we are on track to deliver our estimated 15% total production gross in 2008, while further de-leveraging an already under levered balance sheet. Assuming the future's market is indicative of actual prices then we may end the year with a net debt to total Cap ratio below 5%. Second, there is no change to our reserve or production estimates regarding the new horizontal plays we disclosed in February. Also further refinements regarding the reserve size of these plays will likely be an early 2009 event. Third, using our early mover advantage in horizontal resource plays, we continue to place high focused on identifying and capturing new acreage and accumulations. Several of the new ideas we were working on involve oil as opposed to gas accumulations. Today's disclosure regarding the 400 net Bcf, Mid-Continent, Atoka play underlies our continued focus in this area. Additionally, we plan to apply our horizontal drilling and completion expertise to China. Fourth, we expect that our unit costs will be pretty well controlled this year, allowing us to maintain our position as a low cost company. And fifth, because of the low funding cost associated with our early mover advantage, we expect to continue to generate peer group leading ROCEs in 2008 and beyond. Thanks for listening and now we will go to Q &A: Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Brian Singer at Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Wanted to focus on the Bakken, with the two wells you talked about, and very strong results there. I know you still need a few more months, through the rest of the year to fully finalize what the resource potential is. But can you add any more color on what you think those rates mean when looking at… when thinking about recovery rates or thinking about how far the play extends?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I guess what I would say at this point, Brian is that what we've seen from the drilling that was done to-date in the play is a pretty surprising amount of consistency in terms of pretty much in both north, south, east and west parts of the play that we've drilled, all have very, very strong wells. Now these Austin well that we highlighted, I repeat it, over 3000 barrel per day, they are towards the north end of our accumulation. And we've now got a group of, I guess about, 4 or 5 of this Austin wells that are uncommonly strong, I would say. But the surprising thing to me has been that there is a pretty good degree of uniformity in this accumulation, that's in other words is not… the north end isn't dramatically greater than the south end, although it's slightly better. In terms of expectations and I know there is a lot of expectations out there regarding what's going on with downspacing well and so on and so forth. What I would say is, frankly we just need some time to evaluate this. As I mentioned, we are drilling our first 320 acre downspacing wells, and in fact it's being completed as we speak. But kind of regardless of what the initial rate is on that well as a reservoir engineer… that's not going to mean a whole lot to us, what's really going to mean more to us is, what are the pressures in the well and what's the well look like after three or four months of production, and has that effected rates for the surrounding wells. I will say also, that we are taking a hard look at secondary recovery here. In other words our estimate of recovery factors, this reservoir, the 80 million barrels correlates to about a 10% recovery of oil. And in most oil accumulations you can get considerably more than that by a secondary recovery program. So, we will be evaluating that throughout the year, but I would really just advise everybody to expect that the next meaningful update we have regarding the size of that accumulation is probably going to be in early 2009.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Taking a step back when you look at the various… really you opportunities in terms of extending your technology, how vast do you think that potential is? And how price sensitive is that when considering what oil prices have become?
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Brian, I would say that the oil potential for horizontal drilling is large, but not as large as for gas. We are taking the plays from the same place that they use the gas and we are looking for what we call basin centered accumulation, areas where oil from source rocks have been matured to the oil level, but not to the gas level. And that does occur in several basins, probably half a dozen basins around the US, were encapsulated tight rocks can be accessed with horizontal drilling. And we have a number of those kind of plays on our plate right now that were maturing from the stages of generation to capture and we've talking about those in subsequent correlations. I'm sure. In some we have to say… I think the oil potential out there is substantial and we are moving in that direction.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, kind of that, just to give you a little more color on that. Brian, we always have in our closet an inventory of potential horizontal resource plays, that's kind of our cheechee list, which we never disclose to analyst until they're actually technically proven , but our current cheechee list, about 50% of once on that list are oil and the other half of gas.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then, any sense on price sensitivity or these projects that when you are considering, you are going to need or what oil price did you think you generally need for?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Frankly, at any oil price over about $70 a barrel… these things work.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Next we move to Gil Yang of Citi Investment Research
Gil Yang - Citi Investment Research: Hi, so following along Bryan's questions about the Bakken and may be more philosophically, at the meeting, Loren, we talked a little bit about your returns, the Bakken returns are 100% plus, given that at some point, downspacing would resulting in smaller wells. The trade off would be that you get the higher volumes at smaller wells and so smaller returns. How far down the returns curve would you be willing to downspace to? Would you… if you get a 40% returns and downspace in the Bakken, would you be willing to go that far or would you want to keep it at some higher levels of rate-of-returns?
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Yes, Gil, I guess the best way, I'd look at that is, we're looking at the downspacing in conjunction with secondary recovery, in other words, pumping some fluid into these wells and if we technically conclude ultimately that this reservoir is amenable to secondary recovery then the downspacing is kind of a fate accompli, it will happen. But you really can't flood this reservoir 640 acre space. So I would say that we'll be looking at the downspacing… the downspacing, if you just run it on acceleration economics, probably its going to look pretty good. But what we need to sort out is how much incremental oil do we really recover with that, but I would tend to have people focus on, I think the key question that we have to answer in it that the sales side, my side should focus on is, is this residual amenable to secondary recovery. And, then the downspacing will be part of that.
Gil Yang - Citi Investment Research: I guess my question is, really what's the interpretation of the word amenable, if you could do it at, if you could downspace and secondary recovery at 40% rate of return-of-return, is that amenable or?
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Absolutely, yes.
Gil Yang - Citi Investment Research: Okay. That's fair. And second question on China, can you give us an idea what the gas price you would expect under current market conditions there… to receive out of that area?
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Yes. The current situation we have in China is this acquisition is funded, it's essentially a done deal, but it hasn't technically, legally fully closed. And so, until that occurs we are really under some confidentiality provisions and we can't give any other color other than we provided you. So, I know that's not a satisfactory answer, but wisely on the next earnings call we'll be able to provide the color that people want regarding China.
Gil Yang - Citi Investment Research: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we'll go to Joe Allman of JPMorgan
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Good morning, everybody. Mark, in terms of the Bakken, are there any other opportunities to branch out further there and get more acreage, would it be your desire to do so?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Joe, we currently have I think 320,000 net acres in the entire Williston Basin and the field that we always talk about, partial field including those 3000 barrel a day, Austin wells, really only it comes to about a 110,000 of those 320,000 acres. So, answer to your first question is absolutely, yes. We believe that there are other perspective areas within the Williston Basin that we have currently leased and we will be testing in the future for oil prospects. And we are continuing to lease in partial area that's a pretty hard thing to do, but other parts of the basin where exploration prospects are available we are accreting acreage curve.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay. That's helpful. And then, could you give comments on the dynamics for cost these days. A lot of operators are talking about drilling and completion costs, flattening out here, are you seeing the same thing, could you give some color on that?
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, for the first quarter here we're probably seeing improved cost reductions and improved efficiencies lowering our cost about 5% overall. But with tubular cost increasing, fuel cost being higher we're saying that we'll probably give that up overall through the balance of the year.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Can you comment on fracture stimulation cost?
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Stimulation costs have not gone up for us. As a matter of fact, in the Barnett area there are some surplus frac equipment and we're seeing being pretty flat elsewhere. Another thing you know that… you'll remember, we have in place these vendor agreements through the year 2008, so they are staying flat for EOG.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Got you. And then, on China, I know you talked about comparing that to the Wilcox play in South Texas and you mentioned 0.5 Ts net to you. And so, is it similar in size net to you as well, and can you comment on the potential size net to EOG?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The 0.5 Ts is what we think we captured in South Texas. It's really got nothing to do with the China number and we really can't provide a China number probably till the next earnings call, Joe.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: We'll move next to Ben Dell at Bernstein.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Hi, Mark.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ben.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: I have a quick question about the Appalachians. Obviously, there's been a lot of talk about the Marcellus Shale. You've obviously just entered the Appalachians. Have you taken a look at that and do you have any interest in that or do you think the quality of the shale is not as good as the other stuff you're seeing?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Ben. We've talked about the Marcellus some in the past, and really our position there hasn't changed. We currently have about 230,000 net acres primarily in Pennsylvania and primarily in North Western Pennsylvania. We did sell our shallow production in the Appalachians, but we maintained our deep rights under those leases. So currently, as I said, we're at about 230,000 acres. We've drilled a total of probably 9 wells out there. 4 of those are horizontal. And we plan to drill another… probably 5 wells in the balance of the year, some of which will be vertical. Some of those will be on 100% EOG land, some will be in combination with Seneca Resources on a large JV that we've entered into with them in Northwestern Pennsylvania. I'd say we're encouraged by the results we hear announced by others in the play. Our own results have come fairly slowly. When we get our new rig there in middle of May, we hope to accelerate those results.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay. Can you give us an indication of IPs that you've had on the wells you drilled the horizontal?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're not really prepared to release any IPs at this point. I think I would say that the numbers that are being thrown around in the industry, they are 2.5 Bcf a well, seems a little strong to us. Our own modeling of our own test results would indicate more like 1.5, maybe as much as 2 Bcf a well, which is still going to be quite strong economically. We hope and expect the play will work, although we do believe that the volumes are going to come out fairly slowly from that play, both for us and for industry as a whole, mainly due to just logistical reasons, lot of topography, lot of regulatory work, a lack of people and equipment, that kind of thing.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay. On a separate topic, historically, you've had better returns on your assets within the US than outside the US, specifically Canada, Trinidad, UK. With China, what's sort of leading you to increase the international expansion at another country? And it appears that money would be better spent at home. Are you limited in terms of how much you can grow and do in the US?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I would say, Ben, I'm not sure I'd agree with kind of the predicate of your question there. We look at returns in terms of what kind of after-tax reinvestment, rate of return we've gotten on our money that we spent there, and we're very happy with the returns we've gotten in all three of those areas, Trinidad, Canada and the UK over time. And they have been generally quite comfortable to the returns we've gotten in certainly in the US, except maybe for the last year when US gas prices went up. The idea in China is one that where we've looked at areas where there is an energy short part of the world, we believe that this onshore horizontal technology is going to be amenable to places outside North America in uncovering pretty substantial pools of hydrocarbons. And what I'd say on the reinvestment return in China is, if it works, we expect it to be comfortable with some of other investments in the company.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay, great. And just lastly, a quick one, there's been some talk about sort of Eastern European type gas basins and the gas strictly around Ukraine. Is that another area you're taking a look at or do you see Eastern Europe in the horizon for you?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Specifically, the Ukraine, no, we're not looking there, mainly just because of political issues. But we are looking a bit in some portions of Eastern Europe, although not that far east. Whether we come up with something, I don't know, but I would say that there are parts of Europe that are on our radar screen. And somebody is probably going to find some substantial basins centers gas accumulations that are amenable to the horizontal drilling in those areas.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Next we'll move to the David Heikkinen at Tudor Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Good morning. I had a question on the comments of finding the Bakken North, South, East and West. That is in 110,000-acre area of consistency around Parshall, not the 320,000 acres. Correct?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's correct, David. We -- yes, we've got what I'd call other ideas on acreage outside that 110,000 acres and we'll likely be testing some of those in the second half of this year.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Okay. And as you think about secondary recovery, what would be a barrier, reason why it wouldn't work in the Bakken?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean the two biggest barrier… potential reasons are that: One, if this thing if we deem that it has in-situ, high degree of fractures, natural fractures, that's a barrier. And then the second reason is on the converse, if we deem that it's got shockingly low permeability, that would be a barrier. On the positive side, in a typical oil reservoir and I'm saying a typical sandstone or so, you usually get something like 15% or 20% on primary recovery or the recovery of the oil in place and initially we are only dealing with 10%. So, we've got 90% of the oil that we are not going to get out as it stands now. And that's a pretty big prize for us to chase.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Is there a relative permeability to oil versus relative terms of water issues that you have identified or --?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we're just… yes, we are just looking at all that stuff.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Okay.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Now, it's probably too soon to comment really.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: And then just going to the Atoka, you talked about 50,000 net acres and 400 Bcf. Is that… what's your growth acreage there, ability to continue to expand that? Is that a concentrated area or and then spacing assumption?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I guess, I mean the rock spacing assumption there is well every 320 acres. And this particular zone is pretty sand, so it's not obvious that we will be able to come back to you in a few months and say, "Wow, we can double that to 160 acres." But I'd say, on adding incremental acreage, we've got a chance to take that 400 net Bcf up to a number probably like maybe 600, maybe 700 net Bcf.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Okay. And so how much money are you going to spend for additional leasing this year now?
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the total number that we have that we released in 10-Q last night for all of our leasehold acquisitions for this year is about 360 and really will stay pretty close to that number.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Okay. So, you don't think that leasing is going to be something that has an uptick in here above $4.4 billion budget?
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But if it does, then it will likely be down by other downticks.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Okay. And then final question, as everybody wants to know about Bossier and Haynesville Shale, can you talk about anything you are doing in Louisiana, Texas trying to test the shales on floors there?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say we've got a position of about 63,000 net acres in that play area. We do not intend to drill any Haynesville horizontal wells this year. We're just going to take a wait-and-see attitude and see if that play develops and comes to us. But we have not that much data ourselves. We really can't shed much light for you, David, on the essence on the overall play.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: I appreciate that. Thanks you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani at RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Yes, a quick questions here on the Bakken for you guys. I'm trying to get a sense of how many wells you've drilled so far and what's in the budget for number of wells to drill in 2008?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think our total number to date on Bakken completed wells is about 38. And I think the total number for the year… those are gross wells by the way. On a net well basis, for 2008, we have like 50, I believe. And on the gross, it's going to be in the mid-70s. Is that right, Gary?
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations: 80.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 80 or so, gross.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. And what's you current production out there in the Bakken?
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's 12,000 to 12,500 barrels oil per day net.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. A quick question on your North East B.C. plant there, how long did you hedge your three wells that there are on production?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They are not on production. The wells that we have were just extended slow test that we did during the winter. Our first production is going to commence this summer. So, we will have those wells on production, plus probably one or two others that we are currently drilling.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. And I guess would you guys probably anticipate stepping up your drilling there in 2009?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the logic path there is that we've got 40 million a day of available pipeline capacity, and we're drilling up wells to fill that up in a relatively short term. And then it's probably going to be about an 18-month period to loop that pipeline to allow us to have a significant step-up in capacity. So if you kind of play all that out, it translates to maybe mid-2010 before we're really going to have enough pipeline takeaway to really a see big volume ramp-up there.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. Last question here on the Barnett, just curious what you guys are seeing these days in terms of EURs on your Western County extension well, as well as cost out there, and what you guys are seeing at Hill County in terms of cost in EURs?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In terms of the Western Counties, we would still stay with the number that we've been kind of quoting for the last year, which is about 1 net Bcf per well in the Western Counties, and well cost out there are running out probably $1.5 million or so in terms of that. In terms of Hill County, the reserves there look considerably stronger. I would say probably 2.25 Bcf well is kind of what we're seeing. We're seeing a little bit different set of characteristics in Hill County and the wells don't come on as they kind of monster initial rates, like in Johnson County, but they don't decline at the very high rate that the rest of the Barnett does. We're really completing in a different facies of the Barnett there. And so, what we get per wells that have initial production rates of maybe 2, 2.5 million a day but they're relatively flat as far as declines.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. And what were your costs out there on the wells?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: $2.4 million, $2.5 million range for Hill County.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. And can you just remind us how many wells you guys have drilled in Hill?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would guess about 12.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. Thanks a lot for your time.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Tom Gardner at Simmons & Company.
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company: Good morning, guys.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:
Hey Tom:
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company: Mark, I wanted to get your thoughts on the recent 9/14 data and I appreciate your earlier macro comments. But, I mean, you've got 10.5% year-over-year growth, is this, I guess, running the risk of oversupply in the future and how is it likely to impact your hedging strategy?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Our current forecast, we're expecting production to be up somewhere in the range of maybe 3.5% this year for domestic production. That's certainly at odds with the monthly EIA data, although I think the EIA's annual forecast is like 3.0% growth is what they're officially forecasting for '08 versus '07. I just flat do not believe that we're seeing from full year anything close to the range of 10% growth. I've always felt that the EIA data consistently overstates production growth. But I do think that the sea change relating to horizontal drilling in gas reservoirs has pretty well put us on a path where we're going to see something like maybe 2% to 3.5% annual production growth in the US in '08, '09 and 2010, it's the forecast for three years. So I think that the sea change with horizontal drilling has changed this from an industry that could barely keep production flat in the US to one that we will have production growth in the US for the next several years, at least, in my opinion. I also think that once we get a little more flush production coming out of the offshore field that's currently offline, I think that we're to see some pretty sharp decline in that 8 Bcf a day from the Gulf of Mexico, probably beginning to manifest itself by the third or fourth quarter this year because as the level of the rigs that are currently running in the Gulf of Mexico have some recipe for some pretty sharp declines that is going to occur. So we will have a counterbalance effect I believe in the Gulf Mexico to this onshore growth.
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company: Thanks for that. On the same theme of government studies I wanted to jump over the Bakken and ask you about the USGS study indicating multibillion barrel potential, what are your thoughts on that? You've commented earlier on what you thought the price environment would need to be going forward. Are there issues outside of the Parshall area in order to achieve that sort of number or come anywhere close to it.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the study that the USGS did is quite well founded technically. Mr. Pollastro did a really good job of estimating reserves in the Barnett a couple of years ago. Maybe that will turn out to be a little bit light in the Bakken. I think he is taking a good approach in that he has looked at it as basin-centered oil accumulation, which is correct we believe, covering a very large area although it is relatively thin. For the number that he comes up with, I think its midpoint numbers, maybe 3.7 billion barrels of oil recoverable. It's fundamentally and technically correct, but perhaps not economically extractable. And I think, because he assumes that the entire shale will work to the tune of maybe 25,000 total locations, wells to be drilled, and that's where we think it's perhaps a little optimistic. The shale may not be intact. The basin-centered oil shale may not be intact over that entire area by our thinking. Portions of it, perhaps large portions of it may not be economic because the shale has been partially breached, so you may have water issues in some areas. And also, there will be variations. Parshall is such a sweet spot because of fracture density in the facies of the rock and that will probably not be true in very many other places in the Williston Basin. So, in summary, I'd say that the overall number is not incorrect; it's just perhaps optimistic.
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company: Thanks for that guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Monroe Helm at CM Energy Partners.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Congratulations. Actually, my question was on the USGS study, so I've been taken care of. Thanks.
Operator: And next we'll go to David Tameron at Wachovia.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Hi. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dave.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Can you give us a feel for what your Barnett gas volumes are doing outside of the NGL impact on the Western extensions? Or in general, just gas volumes quarter-over-quarter and then sequentially year-over-year, I should say.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't want to get into -- you know, we got stung two, three years ago on given quarterly volumes on Barnett where in one quarter it was less than what the analysts expected and our stock got down. So we've gotten away from giving quarterly expectations. And we just have that number of 470 million cubic feet a day equivalent. I'll say that between what we call Johnson County and then Western County, both of them are pretty consistently on track for our forecast to hit those numbers. We have a huge backlog currently of wells in Johnson County to complete. And so, what we expect to see is in the second half of the year, we're going to see more of an uptick in the Barnett kind of in gross than we saw in the first half of the year, mainly just due to us clearing out some of the backlog of these huge number of wells that we haven't yet completed. The issue we run into there and this is the longer, in more detail, than you probably want is we batch drill when we complete these wells and if we have at least where we think we can drill eight or nine horizontal wells in a 35-acre spacing roughly each, what we'll do is we'll drill all those wells, we won't produce any of them initially, and then we'll come back and we'll frac all those wells, one after another without producing any of it. And so, then when we turn on the production, when it does come on, it's kind of like a batch of, say, 12 or 15 wells at one shot in Johnson County. And all those wells come on at 6 million a day or so. So, our production is kind of lumpy or so. But the overall point I'd make is we are going to deliver by end of the year the annual average that we promised at the analyst conference, and we are on track to do that.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Yes. Let me delve into what you said in detail, if you talk about the backlog, is it pipeline capacity or is gathering, is it processing, is it service equipment? I mean it's not unique to EOG or others?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's really none of those, David. It's not a logistical backlog in it, waiting on the compressors or pipelines. It's really just a people availability backlog to complete phase 15 wells back to back to back to back and then get them on line. So, it's more… if is there any backlog, it's… we have only got so many people and we can only run so many frac spreads out there to supervise.
David Tameron - Wachovia: Okay, that's fair. And then let me ask you one more question. It's on the gas side. Obviously, you have some growth in the Barnett on the oil side, but big picture macro, a lot of talk about when the Barnett starts to… when that growth accelerates and it starts to flatten out and/or stabilize, when do you think that happens industry-wide?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's my feeling that happens in 2010. I really believe that by yearend 2009, Johnson County is going to be pretty well drilled up by everybody in Johnson County, not just EOG. It's been drilled like a pincushion now, because it's such a sweet spot. And I think you'll see a shift about 2010 to more companies focusing on the Western Counties. But the issues with the Western Counties are there you're basically drilling 1 net Bcf well out there that doesn't have volume impact. And I think in the core areas, the same thing is happening there. So, I do not expect that we're going to have another five or seven consecutive years of year-over-year macro Barnett growth that we've seen in the last couple of years.
David Tameron - Wachovia: All right. Thanks for the responses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wayne Cooperman at Cobalt Capital.
Wayne Cooperman - Cobalt Capital: Hi, guys. Just kind of big picture question, just on… you got a view on gas prices, it looks like production starting to ramp-up again and I just was wondering if you guys had a thought about that?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I kind of talked that earlier. I guess it's my sense that clearly domestic gas production gas is rising. But it's not rising as much as the EIA raw gas data would indicate. And by our calculations, I think it's going to be a pretty good race to get to 3.3 Tcf in storage and to get above that. It can be a pretty good pace. So we feel pretty good about 2008 gas prices. 2009, to some degree, is going to be a function of whether we start storage at 3.3 or play at 3.6. But I think as people factor in your supply/demand numbers for 2009 and 2010. We need to factor in that there maybe 2.5%, 3% production growth from the US in '09 and '10, primarily due to horizontal drilling applicability of resource plays.
Wayne Cooperman - Cobalt Capital: So you guys and your intelligence would say 2.5% to 3% as sort of the net supply growth?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. This year it may be more like 3.5. I don't believe it's going to be… it's not 10, like some of that EIA data is saying, in my opinion.
Wayne Cooperman - Cobalt Capital: Right. All right, great. That was absolutely helpful. Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session and it also concludes today's conference. We would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I want to thank everyone for staying on the call and we'll talk to you again in three months.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman and CEO Timothy K. Driggers - VP and CFO
Analysts: David Kistler - Simmons & Company International Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns Gil Yang - Citigroup Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Kenneth Carroll - Johnson Rice & Company Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the EOG Resources Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead sir.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release in EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures, the reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits producers to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of these reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Barnett Shale and North Dakota Bakken Plays, may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. An updated Investor Relations presentation and statistics were posted to our website this morning. With me this morning are; Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operation; Bob Garrison, EVP, Exploration; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; Willy Helms, Vice President, Engineering and Acquisitions; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. We filed an 8-K, with first quarter and full year 2008 guidance, yesterday. I'll discuss our 2008 volume forecast and business plan in a minute when I review operations. I'll now review our fourth quarter and full year net income available to common shareholders and the discretionary cash flow, and then I'll give some gas macro comments and an operational overview. Tim Driggers will then discuss capital structure. And I'll close with the summary. As outlined in our press release, for the fourth quarter EOG report net income available to common stockholders of $358 million or $1.44 per share and $1.083 million or... excuse me, billion or $4.37 per share for the full year 2007. For investors who follow the practice of industry analyst to focus on non-GAAP net income available to common stockholders, to eliminate mark-to-market impact and make certain other adjustments that exclude one-time items as outlined in the press release. EOG's fourth quarter adjusted net income available to common stockholders was $390 million or $1.29 per share, and $1.074 billion or $4.34 per share for the full year. For investors who follow the practice of industry analyst to focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow. EOG's DCF for the fourth quarter was $865 million or $3.48 per share and $3.058 billion or $12.35 per share for the full year. I will now address the operational highlights in conjunction with our gas macro view. We had previously provided a 2008 production growth target of 13% to 17% depending on our perception of the 2008 gas market. From our perspective the North American gas macro situation looks reasonably bullish, and we are setting our production growth targets at the 15% mid-point of the growth range, which combined with our CapEx spending program will enable us to maintain flat net debt year-over-year. I will note that the 15% volume growth is not the pro forma number. We expect to grow volume 15% without adjusting for the sale of our Appalachian assets. Regarding the North American gas macro, we think domestic supply will grow about 2% this year. Canadian imports will decline by a one Bcf a day versus last year, and because of start-up delays in several liquefaction plants year-over-year LNG imports will be flat with 2007. This provides an essentially flat year-over-year North American supply picture. Regarding demands, I think the weather during the last seven weeks of the heating season will exert a major influence on full year prices, which in my view are likely to average between 750 and 850 Henry Hub. Our 2008 financial hedge positions was articulated in yesterdays 8-K. We are currently 33% hedged regarding North American natural gas at an $8.61 per MMBtu average price, and we have 14% of our total company oil hedged at $90.78 price. For 2009, we have a total of 200 million cubic feet, 200 million Btu per day excuse me, of natural gas hedged at an $8.50 average price. I'll note the 2009 number is 50 Btu a day higher than 8-K we issued yesterday afternoon, since we've got another swap executed last night. Market permitting, we may add a few more gas and oil hedges within the next few months. Our 8-K indicates an overall 15% year-over-year production increase with disproportionately high crude oil and condensate and NGL growth, 36% and 40% year-over-year respectively. Assuming $7.50 Henry Hub price, the current count 2008 strip on our mix is $8.28. Estimated exploration and development expenditures excluding acquisition will be approximately $4.1 billion. Gathering, processing, and other expenditure are forecast to be $218 million. We are targeting flat year-over-year net debt when we take into account the proceeds from our Appalachian property sale, which is expected to close in the first quarter. This plan allows us to achieve three of our key targets in 2008 which are; one, high overall organic production growth; two, focus on a high reinvestment rates return or maintaining flat net debt; and three an increase in the liquids portion of our production mix. My remarks on this call regarding operations would you rather brief, since we provide a much more detailed run down of our major plays at our February 28th Analyst Conference. The key operational points I will note are; first, the primary driver of our overall 15% production growth target would be our U.S. operations, which will grow approximately 23% year-over-year all organic. We expect our production in Canada, Trinidad, and UK to be essentially flat with last year. Second, the major driver of our 36% crude oil and condensate 36% crude oil and condensate production growth target is North Dakota market play, which is continuing to drill out as we expected. At this time, we continue to feel comfortable with our previous 80 million barrel net reserves, although we are still testing the extent of the play limit and we are also drilling our first down-spaced well on 328 acres. Nothing significant has changed from our previous call regarding our crude oil, reserve and well cost mix and we continued to generate greater than 100% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return economics. I will note that the last 10 wells we drilled in the Bakken had an average IP of 1,700 barrels of oil per day, and average net reserves about 700 million barrels. Third point, our 40% natural gas liquids growth target is primarily driven by a big increase from the Barnett Shale as we extract liquids from the gas stream in both Western Johnson County and the Western extension counties. Additionally, we would be extracting NGOs from the gas associated with our North Dakota Bakken oil production and this gas is a specially high in NGO content. And fourth, our U.S. gas growth were M&A primarily from the Barnett with strong supporting contributions from our Rocky Mountain Mid-Continent, and East Texas areas. During 2007 our Barnett production averaged 284 million cubic feet equivalent per day compared to our goal of 280. Additional, we exceeded the year at 375 million cubic feet equivalents per day versus our target of 350. We expect to average 470 million cubic feet per day equivalent this year. This estimate is up from the 450 number I provided on the last earnings call. Given these organic growth numbers, we are obviously pleased with Barnett and Bakken's performance. I note that the Barnett isn't the only growth contributor. In fact our 2007 North America ex-Barnett growth was 5% showing EOG as a strong organic program even without the Barnett. During 2008, we expect our North America ex-Barnett growth to be 7% to 8% and this is even with a flat Canada production level rolled in and a sale of our shallow gas production in Appalachian. Now I will briefly turn to Trinidad. As previously stated, we expect flat contract volumes until late 2009 when production will increase by 15 million cubic feet a day net from a methanol plant contract. Another new traunch of production will occur in early 2010 when overall Trinidad production increase of 60 million a day net, as a result of sales from our Block 4(a) gas contract. I note that in the fourth quarter 2007, our average Trinidad gas price realization was $3.84 about a dollar higher than the fourth quarter 2006. Our Trinidad gas price is currently being supported by very strong methanol prices and much of our gas price is linked to methanol. We expect Caribbean methanol prices to soften during the second quarter, so we are forecasting a dip in full year prices relative to the fourth quarter 2007. Overall, however Trinidad gas prices are higher than we would have predicted several years ago giving us a strong rate of return from this asset. Now I will address 2007 reserve replacement and finding costs. We've replaced 248% of our production at $2.24 per Mcfe hauling costs, excluding gathering systems, and processing plant expenditures. The vast majority of our reserve has occurred in the U.S. from the Fort Worth Barnett Shale and Uinta Basin. In the U.S replaced 357% production at a $1.90 MMcfe hauling cost, excluding gathering systems and processing plant expenditures. Total company reserves increased 14% to 7.7 Bcfe, I'll reiterate that these are drilling additions. In total our PUD percentage decreased from 13%, in 2006 to 23% at the year end 2007. At year end 2007, book reserves in our partial Shale field Bakken Play was 21 million barrels of oil equivalent, and we booked 1.4 total reserves in the Barnett, as for as reserves expanded at year-end 2007. Our 2007 Barnett drilling additions were 651 Bcfe. We feel we have a considerable amount of technical proven, but un-booked reserves in the Bakken, Barnett and also in our Vernal, Utah, Unita Basin play. For the 20th consecutive year Gary has done a complete engineering analysis, 79% of our reserves and overall number was again within 5% of our estimate. Excuse me, please see our press release, for supporting reserve and reserve replacement cost data. This year for the first time we have broken our expenditures related to the gathering systems and processing plant. These are expenditure in projects that EOG is electing to pursue through EOG and Pecan Pipeline Company. In the past, third parties often incurred these capital expenses as we move into areas with little or no gathering and pipeline infrastructure such as the Bakkan and Western counties of the Barnett we are applying our same organic approach in building these system ourselves in order to retain the mid-stream value in-house. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to review CapEx and Capital structure.
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Mark. For the fourth quarter, total exploration and development expenditures including asset retirement obligations were $997 million with $18 million of acquisitions. In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property and equipment were $73 million. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $8.6 million and for the year was $29.3 million. For the full year, total exploration and development expenditures, including asset retirement obligations were $3.6 billion with only $20 million of acquisition. In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants, and other property and equipment were $277 million. For the year, of the drilling capital expenditures approximately 24% were exploration and 76% development. At year end 2007, total debt outstanding was $1.185 billion and the total debt-to-cap ratio was 14%. The effective tax-rate for the year was 33% and the deferred tax ratio was 79%. During the fourth quarter 2007, and early in the first quarter 2008, we repurchased the remaining $43 million of our preferred stock. We had a one-time charge of $2.7 million in premium and fees related to the repurchase. We no longer have any preferred stock outstanding. Yesterday, we filed a form 8-K with first quarter and full year 2008 guidance. For the full year 2008, the 8-K has an effective tax range of 33% to 37% and at a deferral percentage of 55% to 75%. We will note an increase in our expected 2008 unit transportation cost increasing from $0.27 in 2007 to the $0.41 mid-point in 2008. This is related the firm transportation we have taken on Rocky Express pipeline and several pipelines exiting the Barnett market area. This firm transportation allows us to receive higher natural gas prices since we are now able to sell more gas closer to market hubs. You will notice that the 8-K guidance also reflects tighter differentials from Henry Hub to U.S. as compared to 2007. Using the mid-point of 8-K guidance our full year 2008 unit costs for lease and well DD&A, G&A, total exploration, net interest expense, and excluding transportation and taxes other than income are forecast to increased only 2.5% over 2007, with our current hedge position for 2008, as outlined in yesterdays 8-K filling for every $0.10 change in Henry Hub, EOG's net income and cash flow is impacted by approximately $20 million. Similarly for every $1 move in WTI, EOG's net income and cash flow was impacted by approximately $8 million. Now, I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss his concluding remarks.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tim. Now let me summarize. In my opinion there are five important points to takeaway from this call. First, we have a 2008 capital and growth plan that provides essentially 50% debt-adjusted per share production growth. Volume growth is predicated on $7.50 Henry Hub and we may adjust this target either up or down by modulating our 2008 gas direct to drilling depending on our rate of Henry Hub gas price. Second, our liquid mix would begin to shift as total liquids production for crude, condensate, and NGO is expected to increase 37% year-over-year in 2008. We expect total liquids production to also grow at disproportionately high rate in 2009 and 2010. Third, we continue to be focused on ROCE and the bulk of our 4.1 billion exploration and development expenditures will be deployed in a high reinvestment rate of return Bakken Barnett and Uinta Basin Plays. Fourth, our capital structure is very solid with year end 2007 debt to total cap ratio of 14%. We expect the net debt ratio to decline by year-end 2008. Additionally, we repurchased our preferred stock further streamlining our capital structure. And fifth and last, we continue to be at the forefront regarding emerging technology at horizontal wells and resource plays. Our first move will result in Johnson County, the Balkans, South Texas attest to this, and we are continuing to focus on new ideas. Thanks for listening, I will remind you that our 2008 Analysts Conference in February 28th in Houston, and now we will go to Q&A session. Darrel, can you get us shifted to Q&A, please. Question And Answer
Operator: Yes, sir. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question with David Kistler with Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Good morning.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, David.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Just harping in the Barnett for one second, when you guys look towards 2009 through 2011 in the presentation, you highlight companywide 10% growth. What percentage of that do you think will be driven by the Barnett given that you gave us a breakout in 08?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I can't give you a specific number on that. What I can tell you David is that during our upcoming Analyst Conference in about three weeks, we'll give you a pretty good estimate of kind of volume growth and broken out of at least specific regions for 2008 through 2010, but what I can tell you about the Barnett at this time is we expect production to continue to grow through at least 2010.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Okay. And following up on that, when we kind of look at infrastructure issues etcetera, with respect to the Barnett and with respect to how much you're growing your liquids production, can you talk a little bit about any potential areas which you might be concerned about as far as bottlenecks of transport, processing, gathering coming out of the Barnett?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: At this juncture,we're in pretty good shape. As far as getting the gas out of the Barnett area, we've got some firm transportation. Fields cut the Golf south and center point that basically are allowing us to move the bulk of our production to sale at our locations or such as Mississippi and eastern Louisiana. So getting it out of the area and avoiding if possible flat or depressed prices in the local areas is not a problem we get that numbers from FT. As far as getting a pipeline infrastructure out in the Western counties, we are ahead of the curve on that our infrastructure is in very good shape there. As far as the processing plants, only in fourth quarter did we recently start to put a lot of our gas through the some of the processing plants so that's why you saw that jump in fourth quarter NGOs. I don't anticipate at this time we are going to have bottleneck in the processing plants here. So we are in pretty good shape as far as downstream infrastructure in the Barnett.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. And then just one last question kind of building of that stuff as we look it at, your company and the many of the companies are becoming more and more levered and conventional resources with high decline rates, and we haven't had a whole lot of discussion on this in the last year, so what do you think that the ongoing trend will be for decline rates and where are you guys kind of mapping that out going forward given that over 47% of our production give or take is coming from unconventional as with multiple time higher decline rates?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the macro side, we continue to believe that total North American total U.S. gas decline rates are continuing to jump and probably are higher than 36%, which is the last time we look with our EOG chart on there, so we believe that you're going to... decline rates at these plays are going level out the decline rate is really not particularly valid, you are going to replace the Gulf of Mexico, which is high decline with a lot of these resources plays which is also pretty high decline at least for the first three or four years of their production plan. And so that, that the difference, what I would also see there David.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Yes, I guess I am looking at the recent data that's showing domestic production growth kind of north of 5% and just try to get a handle on the deviation between, what we are seeing come out of the 914 and your comments on 2%, production growth in 2008?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, as I have discussed from the previous earning calls the EIA 914 does not have a lot of credibility with me. I think its consistently overstates actual production growth in the U.S. and I believe if you look at EIA's 2008 forecast rate of sales was forecasted 1.6% production growth this year. But, hardly gets reconciled internally with the 914 but I am not sure. But what I would say is you know, I will make the same comments that are repeated several times. Its very difficult for me to believe the gas production in U.S. is growing at the rate to the 914 indicate, when we are drooling down stories this winter, its looks to me somewhere between 1 and 2 Bcfe a day, tighter than last year and that's after adjustment for the LNG imports differentials. So the withdrawals this year have indicated to me that we have got a system that is tighter than year ago and that just flies in the face of that 914 data. So, you reject the 914 data.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: All right. Thank you guys very much for that additional color.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question with Joe Allman with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: Hey good morning everybody.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Joe.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: Hey Mark, could you give us some specific data on some of the recent Bakken wells?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Other than just that aggregates to 10 wells, Joe. I can't give you don't want to go too kind of well-by-well analysis of things. What I will say it that our analyst conference I wish would certainly a portion of it devoted to a Balkan and you'll get more, more than you probably wanted to know, relating to the Balkan but the overview point related to Balkan is. It's delivering exactly what we expected you can see that from our old forecast for this year. And what I will say is this is a multi-year phenomena and we will expect that total company crude oil production is going to grow at disproportionately high rate in 2009 and 2010 also still driven by this Balkan Plays.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: Could you at least give us what you seeing as the highest initial production rate in the play?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think its but, yeah, 2000 barrels a day, its pretty much the best we have seen the best wells that we have generated so far are in this Austin area. We highlighted the first Austin well on the last earnings call. And we have subsequently drilled. I believe it's two, just pretty much immediate offset to what's their kind of duplicates to the first well. So, the Austin area which is kind of more in the North part location relative to the most of our concentrated drilling this Austin area appears to be particularly sweet area.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: And that's helpful. And then I don't want to steal the thunder from that analyst meeting. But how about other Shale's could you talk about any other kind of new Shale that you are getting some initial results from?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Joe, I don't want to set any expectations at all for the Analysts meeting, as we said repeatedly, we are working on other Shale place and you say unusual rock plates in addition to Shale that involved horizontal drilling and we will talk about those place, whenever two things have happened, one is that we have technically proven to play and two is that we've kind of stealthily leased-up all the acreage that we can low-key manner, and so and the example of when we start talking about play is Balkan basically I thinks as the Balkan play-out its going to be pretty well universal acknowledged that it's a very, very big oilfield and EOG has leased the vast majority of that field. And so as we go forward and talk about new play the keys are not going to be any timing related to the Analysts conference, the keys are going to be when its will be technically proven play and when do have all the acreage leased.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: It's helpful and then lastly in terms of just the cost environment what are you seeing recently in terms of drilling in complete cost?
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are seeing a little bit of decline in Rig rates and stimulation costs and that's a function of just added rigs and also additional competition in the stimulation market and I guess overall we would say cost for 2008 are about we have seen about 5% to 10% less than 200.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we'll our next question with Ellen Hannan with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Hi, good morning just a quick one from me. Mark in the properties that you target for sale in Appalachian, are you retaining any deep rights to those properties?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we are retaining the deep rights in all the shallow gas production areas that we have, including the minerals that we own out there.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we will take our next question with Gil Yang, with Citi. Please go ahead.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Hi, can you tell me for the western Barnett counties that you mentioned Mark that you only recently started processing gas there. Do you own the plant or you are you processing through a third party plant at the moment?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In Barnett right now, all the gas being process is going to third party plants.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. And when will you have your own plants running?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are looking at starting some plants, maybe in about a year we may have some done, Gill the only place where we have got into the actual plant business so far is up in north Dakota for the casing that gas out there and there we expect to commence plans forward up sometime here in March.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: As you look at putting capital into midstream plants and other midstream assets. You talked a lot of that in your presentation about returns. How will you bring capital into those kind of asset that affect your returns on long term basis?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The returns that we run are commensurate with our drilling and production related investments and what were... what were really narrowing our outlook at this plants to are one, areas whether the resource plays and two, areas that the alternatives or is it very costly or prohibitive so what was... I have been surprised at how high the reinvestment rate of return on these mid-stream assets has looked for us, now it may be that it's only because we are picking some areas or it might be the mid-stream area is just you know very, very strong return for an area.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: And you... I mean you always highlight the Barnett and Bakken being anywhere from 40% to 100% rates of result, so you are getting incremental rates of return on that will remain at it for midstream assets?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, they are not approaching the 100% number, but the range of 40% number is more realistic.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. And last question is that, Gary made the comments that overall 5% to 10% total cost, yet I think Tim broke out the call and the cost will rise 2.5% percent. Can you rationalize the differences in those two comments?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the cost that Tim had mentioned, are really our unit costs, which in many cases those are different from the drilling and completion cost. Gary's response indicated our expected cost to drill wells in 2008 maybe down 5to 10% relative to that 7%, whereas Tim's cost highlighted if you look at, essentially all of our unit cost excluding transportation link '08 versus '07, they want to get that to 2.5% and one of the reasons why there is up at all cost is that our embedded DD&A is increasing each year, as we and everybody else in the industry had high refining cost over the last four five years and over the previous timeframe.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Thanks, Mark.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Gill.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Following up on Gill's question with regards to liquid you highlighted at the better NGOs coming from western Johnson County in the Western extension county. When you look at the Western extension county, is this different from your initial expectation. Have you seen any greater liquid content or is it's just in line with your growing production?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I guess the significance of the NGO impact has surprised us in the last year and the net result of a higher NGO has improved the economics in the Western Counties and its ... think about it, NGO prices generally track oil prices and what we saw last year of course was a considerable increase in oil prices which also carry the NGOs up to higher levels than we previously thought and so if you look back and compare to a year or two ago, we know where we're going to be extracting NGO's, but the relative value of those NGO's to the residue gas or that differential was not that great. Today, the relative value of the NGO is considerably higher then the residue gas. We will understand why the residue gas is trading to somewhere around 50% to beat Equivalent of crude oil, so as a consequence, what we see happening here is that the impact of stripping out those liquids has given us an indirect oil price increase if you will through the NGO which has boosted the economics of Western Johnson county and all the Western counties because they already knew that was very rich gas out there. That's a long winded answer to your question.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Now that's helpful, is it also pushing the play further west in your opinion?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, not further west than what is indicated kind on our map in the investor relation book, so relative to our expectation of the play moving further west over a year a two ago, no, the play is not moving further west.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And if we look at your better than expected performance in the Barnett over the last year is it this NGOs that greater liquid content that you would say is the single biggest contributor or can you talk about what the other contributors were in terms of efficiency etc?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Now the single biggest contributor for our Barnett performance ... improved performance over time has been improvement in well completion efficiency and this is something we kind of practice to a fine art in Johnson County and at our analyst conference will provide what we think of kind of mind boggling examples of that. So if I would say one thing that's improved our outwork on the overall Barnett relative to a year or two ago is that we are continuing to see what I think a pretty dramatic improvement in well completion efficiency. And this is the strength that I think is a big differentiator between the EOG and the other people in the play. There is third party data, some of it some of on our website we just put out this morning, that shows that we are consistently making more better wells than any of our peer companies in the Barnett which leads me to believe that we truly have a technical completion on shales in horizontal wells.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. My last... thank you, my last question is on the Bakken, any additional thoughts on downspacing and then your results from pilots?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We don't have anything useful to share for you, we will shortly be starting our first 320 acres downspace well, but realistically its going to be the end of the year, Brian before we have a technical assessment on whether this field trains about 640 or 320 ex-space. So that one is going to play out kind of slowly, we are going to have to drill well get some data on it and watch the flow performance of that well relative to the offsets. Its probably about six months before we can really judge where we go, what we do know is that under our current scenario one well over 640 acres, we are recovering a very small percentage of the oil in place under that 640 acres. So in our job just few good engineering and technical input is figure out how to get more of it overtime.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: We take our next question with Leo Mariani with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead sir.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, good day. A quick question here, kind of get a sense of what's been going on in East Texas in the past couple of quarters and sort of what your plans are of 2008?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Leo, I would say we have got a division office in Tyler, Texas which runs all of our operations in Texas, North Louisiana and Mississippi and just to give you a sense of production from that area and all these are organic numbers, don't hold me to absolute specifics, but directionally our production last year was up about 12% year-over-year from that division and for 2008, we expect it to be up another 8% to 10%. So in a low key way, we are showing very good production growth from that portion of our business.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay and did you... has there been any recent sort of increased in horizontal exploitation up there at all?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All this production increase we are generating from our Tyler area is all related to vertical drilling so far, but we all are beginning to experiment in a couple of resource plays there with horizontal drilling and we may have some good results from that in 2008, but right now its really all just vertically sourced production growth.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I wonder if you guys had any comments on as to what your new position is in Appalachian in terms of acreage that you guys own up there?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, now the Appalachian area has been a little bit of a high profile area for us because of all the questions that have come up related to our deal with NFG and what we have... what we can say is we are currently drilling and testing wells in more shallow shale in a couple of areas, one area is on the acreage related to NFG and another is just on acreage that we will lease or own. And it is just to soon to give you any result, don't have enough data to have a conclusive answer relating to more shallow shale in Appalachian.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, a quick question on your Bakken position, you mentioned about 21 million barrels at year end 2007 any idea what percentage of that is PUDs and what's PDP and how many wells it got maybe related to?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we're about 56% wells there, roughly 50-50... and the reserve amount properly about on the all equipment basis, that 10 million barrels on the PDP and about 10 million barrels on the PUD.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, how many wells that is what the --
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 23 producing wells, 24 well.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, 24 wells. Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Ken Carl with Samson Rise. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Carroll - Johnson Rice & Company: Hey guys, good morning. Just a quick question and some detail on the reserve report, looking at natural gas, you had 127 plus negative revision in North America. Any color on that in sort of any particular areas in fact those are just kind of spread across the company?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Ken its is, the one area there and I think its broken out in the stuff that we yesterday, but we did have a negative reserve revision of... some consequence was in Canada, where we basically had shallow gas fields, specifically one shallow gas in Alberta that's a drilling results and production results just haven't turned out as we expected in a that particular areas. So consequent that we ended up with a burn I think 57 Bcfe, right now in Canada relating to the shallow gas activities. The other area, as far as the U.S. gas negative reserve revisions that essentially completely offset by positive reserve revision in natural gas liquid. It becomes liquid that will come in liquid. It's a recognition that's particularly in the Barnett at western areas there, for that gas or this hydrocarbon or are going show-up on the accounting statement as natural gas liquids and less as Mcfe.
Kenneth Carroll - Johnson Rice & Company: Your just switching part of your... got you. Very good guys excellent quarter. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question with Brad Pattarozzi with Tudor, Pickering & Holt. Please go ahead. Mr. Pattarozzi your line is open. And we'll go next with our question with Ben Dell with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, Mark.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ben,
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: I just had one question. It's really around your asset geographic distribution obviously when you look at the reserved replacement rate it once again looks like Canada is sort of diluting your performance. Have you given any thoughts whether or not there is a market that spinning those assets up and applying may be proceed go back into the U.S. market where your returns are better?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not really, I mean... we have given a thought then kind of dismiss them... I really know Canada is and every one... throws the macro picture on Canada gas supply and our picture is not tremendously different in the group, basically forecasting flat Canada production for last several years, 2006, 07, 08. But our point on Canada is that we thank there are several areas there that are amenable to horizontal drilling of what that technology is being applied and the we believe this is a very big deal so we are currently looking at several areas in Canada to apply horizontal drilling of some cases to a resource play and so our expectation are that you know we will again have significant gross coming out of Canada as we look to the 09, 10, and later time frames primarily driven by resources that are accessible only through horizontal drilling that have been un-economies through vertical drilling.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: And usually that would be a competitive F&D cost of the U.S. business?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it should be a reasonable cost. Every area is going to have to compete with the same pool of capital but we believe that there is a good chance that we are going to have to significant Canada growth as comparative F&D costs.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And just lastly in the industry there has been some growing interest in onshore high gas in Europe, have you given any sort of look at that, obviously Eastern Europe, Ukraine but also in other areas people has been sort of showing interest?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the answer is yes, I will take it a little bit more broadly than that. Its my belief that the implementation of horizontal drilling to resource plays and I say resource play can be a very tight sandstone doesn't have to be Shale, but just the application of horizontal drilling to large hydrocarbon accumulations that don't work economically with vertical wells, we think there is going to be a worldwide on shore phenomena and so the way we are looking at areas like Europe are there pieces of acreage that are available where you have a huge assets of hydrocarbons that's never been really tested to see if it will work at using horizontal drilling so we are looking, but we don't have anything specific to talk about vis-à-vis Europe at this time.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up with Joe Allman with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead sir.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: Mark, in terms of your Bakken position could you give us your net acreage at this point?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's still we would say greater than 175,000 acres. We are being a little bit catty on our extra acreage position until we get a couple of other deals done but again we will probably disclose something more specifically on our acreage you will get the acreage there in February 28.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: Can you give a comment about acreage west of the Nesson Anticline, any you think that improved technology can make that area commercial?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's possible but we are really, Joe focused more on the other side and as well as you know. And it's a fast crude oil in the Uinta Basin, but some areas are going to be more economics unless we feel like we have more economic portion that scooped up.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: Appreciate that and then lastly in terms of Canada I am not sure, are you spending less dollars in Canada in 2008 to get that by-production?
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What we are looking at in Canada maybe I'll give you a couple numbers out of this $4.1 billion E&P budget, maybe see it, the portion that's going to Barnett is $1.4 billion, the portion that's going to our Denver division which with the all the stuff we are doing in the e-commerce areas plus the Bakken, plus our Green river Basin Wyoming area, we are going to dedicate about $1.0 billion there. The Canada allocation is going to be about $400 million and that's about flat last year.
Joseph Allman - J. P. Morgan: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. We appreciate everyone who are staying on the line and once again I want to remind everyone that we do have an analyst conference coming up here in February 28th in Houston, and our goal with that conference is to... that everyone who leads the conference have a very, very good understanding of what our three year game plan is and what you can expect in terms of a specifics relating to that. Thank you. Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark G. Papa - Chairman and CEO Timothy K. Driggers - VP and CFO Gary L. Thomas - Senior EVP, Operations Loren M. Leiker - Senior EVP, Exploration 
Analysts:  Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Thomas L. Gardner - Simmons & Company Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Robert Morris - Banc of America Gil Yang - Citigroup Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets David Snow - Energy Equities John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets Joe Allman - JP Morgan Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital Richard Tullis - Capital One Southcoast Jeff Hayden - Pritchard Capital   
Operator:  Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. Please go ahead sir. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2007 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release, EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call.  This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website. The SEC permits producers to disclose only proved reserve in their securities filings. Some of these reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast including those for the Barnett Shale and North Dakota Bakken plays and include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. An updated Investor Relations presentations and statistics were posted to our website this morning.  With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP Exploration; Gary Thomas, Senior EVP Operations; Bob Garrison, EVP Exploration; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President of Investor Relations.  We filed an 8-K with fourth quarter and full year 2007 guidance yesterday. Do note that our third and fourth quarter 2007 domestic gas production is lower than last quarter's implied guidance. This is entirely due to voluntary curtailment in the Rockies in September, October and partially into November due to low gas prices.  During this period, we have between 50 million and 140 million cubic feet a day of net volumes curtailed on any given day in the Rockies. Press release also includes EOG 2008 production growth expectations under both a $7 and an $8 or higher 2008 Henry Hub gas price assumption. I'll discuss on 2008 volume forecast and business plan when I review operations. I'll now review our third quarter net income available to common and discretionary cash flow and then I will give an operational overview. Tim Driggers will then discuss capital structure and I will close with gas macro comments and a summary. As outlined in our press release, for the third quarter EOG reported net income available to common of $202.4 million or $0.82 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income available to common to eliminate mark-to-market impact is outlined in the press release.  EOG's third quarter adjusted net income available to common was $195.7 million or $0.79 per share. I'll note that in this quarter we've recognized a write-down of our exploration acreage and wells in the Northwest territories of Canada due to a signed purchase and sale agreement expected to close in the fourth quarter. This resulted in a $0.06 per share after-tax expense. Given the delays and the likely tariff of the Mackenzie Valley pipeline and our mixed drilling results in this area, we decided we have better reinvestment opportunities elsewhere.  For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG's DCF for the third quarter was $724.8 million or $2.93 per share versus $2.75 per share a year ago.  I'll now address our operational highlights starting with our 2008 production growth forecast. Our baseline case assuming $8 or higher Henry Hub prices generate 17% total company production growth.  I'll note that 2008 NYMEX strip is currently $8.22. Our warm winter case assumes Henry Hub gas price averages $7. In the warm winter scenario we don't intend to drill for North American gas at maximum intensity, and we'll reduce our natural gas directed CapEx and gas production growth accordingly to achieve a 13% total company production growth.  In either scenario, there are four items in common. First, total company crude and condensate production is expected to increase 33%, driven primarily by the North Dakota Bakken but also by a shift to more oil projects in Canada and our Mid-Continent operating areas.  Second, we expect essentially flat or slightly declining year-over-year production from natural gas in Canada and our overall production in Trinidad and UK North Sea. So, essentially 100% of the EOG's total 2008 growth will be organically derived from the U.S.  Third, because of tax considerations we expect our Appalachian shallow gas property sale to close in the first quarter. 2008 production growth numbers cited previously are not pro formas. They include the reduction for the Appalachian volumes. Although we haven't finalized the exact 2008 CapEx budget for either the $7 or $8 gas case, taking into account the expected proceeds from the property sale, we expect to keep year end 2008 net debt flat with year end 2007. Therefore, the gross numbers I have quoted are essentially debt adjusted per share production growth.  And fourth, there is little likelihood that EOG will pursue a merger significant acquisition or significant disposition in 2008 other than Appalachia. This is consistent with our belief that organic growth yields intrinsically superior reinvestment rates of return compared to growth through mergers or acquisitions.  Now, addressing CapEx, what's the logic behind our capital allocation? Simply put, the EOG can be considered similar to our high performance engine capable of generating both strong organic oil and gas production growth in 2008 and subsequent years. In 2008 we'll give first priority to oil investments because most of these are 100% reinvestment rate of return. Hence the 33% year-over-year crude and condensate growth.  Regarding our level of 2008 activity, at $8 or higher Henry Hub prices we'll let our high performance engine run at a high RPM and will also generate very strong gas production growth. On the other hand, if gas prices are less robust we'll simply throttle back the gas engine and wait for a more propitious time to put the throttle down.  In the lower price $7 case, we'll focus on our high reinvestment rate of return assets and likely stay very active in the Barnett because of the high reinvestment rate of returns we get in the Barnett and also because of our lease obligation situation in the Barnett.  In this environment, we'd likely throttle back our Rockies and Canadian gas drilling. The key point here is that if 2008 gas prices average closer to $7, we do not intend to increase our debt by drilling excess gas wells. I've covered a lot of conceptual ground with you. For brevity today, I am not going to talk about individual well results but I will cover our two big highlight plays, the Bakken and the Barnett. North Dakota, we've now drilled 22 horizontal wells in our Mountrail County Bakken discovery and the overall results are very consistent with what I reported to you last quarter.  We are generating 100% reinvestment rate of return on this program with a direct finding cost of $7.50 per barrel. We're continuing to add acreage and now have more than 175,000 net acres. This is sweet oil with 42 degree API gravity. We are currently receiving that WTI price less $6 per barrel at the wellhead. The oil is being piped to the Clearbrook Minnesota market area and distributed from there and we don't expect the intrusion of Canadian oil to affect this differential. We expect this $6 deduct to shrink to $3 per barrel when a pipeline tie-in is completed at year-end 2007.  To date we have concentrated our drilling in a small area as we've continued to perfect our horizontal drilling and completion techniques. We've now begun to step up... excuse me, we've now begun to step out drilling to determine the size of this accumulation. Our press release highlighted the Austin #1-02 horizontal well which was a 9 mile northern step-out from our existing production. This well IPed [ph] at 2000 barrels of oil a day and is one of the best producers we've completed in the field.  We've confirmed the Austin results with the one mile offset well, the Austin #2-03H, as I said one mile to the west. We've also completed a step... we've also drilled a stepout well 6 miles to the south of our existing production. The southern well is waiting on completion but we don't expect it to be as strong as the Austin #1-02H. We now believe that this field is at least 20 miles long and several miles wide and we own the vast majority of the acreage underlying this particular area. We've increased our estimate of EOG's net revenue interest reserves on the prior midpoint of 60 million barrels of oil to approximately 80 million barrels of oil. And we believe this number will increase further with additional stepout drilling. The keys to determining the ultimate field size will be stepout drilling and downspacing. This field is analogous to the Barnett in that there is a large number of hydrocarbons, large amount of hydrocarbon in place per section and we only expect about 9% primary recovery with our horizontal wells.  We are currently drilling on 648 acre spacing and we will soon be drilling a pilot well on 328 acre spacing in an effort to better understand the potential to increase recovery. We intend to drill 47 net wells in 2008 with an 8 rig drilling program. This program will be the primary generator of our 33% total company crude and condensate volume increase. And the majority will be implemented at 100% reinvestment rate of return. We expect oil production from this field to continue to increase through at least 2010.  Now I'll switch to the Barnett which will be the big driver of our 2008 natural gas production growth. We expect to exceed our 2007 average production goal of 280 million a day and to exit the year around 350 million a day ahead of our original target.  In 2008, we expect to average 450 million cubic feet a day equivalent in the $7 case and slightly more in the $8 case. I'll note that all of these is organically derived from underdeveloped acreage acquired at very low relative prices since we were early movers in the play. This asset continues to perform very well as you can see from our 2008 production target. So I don't think I need to recite any specific monster well this quarter. I will note that I believe a 450 million cubic feet a day 2008 average rate is quite impressive when you consider this is 100% organic and EOG is the only large cap company that has grown in the Barnett with no acquisitions.  We've now begun to implement an additional Barnett cost reduction measure, which is significant to our economics. These cost reduction measures are important because we still have a multi-thousand wells drilling inventory in the Barnett, two largest cost components of this project are the drilling and fracture treating costs.  We've previously disclosed how we've reduced drilling costs using the automated rigs to reduce the number of drilling days. The second phase of cost reduction is on the frac side and we've now begun this implementation. We recently purchased our own sand mine for frac sand and we are contracting with a pumping service company to pump the fracs using our own sand.  Under this new arrangement, we estimate this will save $350,000 per well versus contracting with the major service companies for a frac. We will be able to use this equipment for about 35% of our Barnett fracs. So the effective per well savings will be $125,000 per well if you attribute that across all of our Barnett wells. But it will actually be $350,000 per well on the wells that we've applied this directly to. Combined with the drilling rigs, we believe this provides EOG with a discrete discernible cost advantage versus other operators in the Barnett. The full impact of both the drilling rig and fracture treating cost saving elements would be realized beginning in the first quarter of 2008.  As I mentioned, we'll likely implement a high level of Barnett activity next year, somewhat independent of the gas price within a reasonable range because the play yields high RORs even at $7 gas and because of our ongoing lease commitments. For brevity, I won't mention any specifics regarding other North American plays except to say that through the first nine months of this year, our North American ex-Barnett growth is 5.8%, essentially spot on our 6% target. And we expect a high level of growth likely between 5% and 8% depending on gas price from this area again in 2008. We expect particularly strong 2008 growth from our Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent, East Texas and South Texas areas.  Now I'll briefly turn to Trinidad. During the third quarter, we again exceeded our contract takes. In 2008 we expect our sales to be essentially flat with 2007. The next Trinidad production uptick will occur in late 2009 when deliveries increase under the methanol 5000 contract and again in early 2010 when sales from our Block 4A field increase by about 60 million cubic feet a day net.  I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to review CapEx and capital structure. 
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks Mark. For the third quarter, total exploration and development expenditures including asset retirement obligations were $945 million with $1 million of acquisitions. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $7.7 million. year-to-date, total exploration and development expenditures including asset retirement obligations were $2.772 billion with only $2.4 million of acquisitions.  At September 30, total debt outstanding was $1.283 billion and the debt to total cap ratio with 16%. At quarter-end, we had $302 million of cash on the balance sheet. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 36% and the deferred tax ratio was 91%.  Yesterday we filed the Form 10-Q for the third quarter and a Form 8-K with fourth quarter and updated full year 2007 guidance. For full year 2007, the 8-K has an effective tax range of 34% to 37% and a deferral percentage of 80% to 100%. The CapEx budget for the full year 2007 is approximately $3.7 billion.  Now I'll turn it back to Mark to discuss the gas macros and concluding remarks. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Tim. Regarding the North American gas macro, I am certainly more bullish than many people regarding 2008 prices. I believe 2008 domestic supply will grow 1.8%, Canadian supply will fall at least 4% and the LNG imports will be up only about three-tenths of a Bcf per day year-over-year.  This is essentially flat year-over-year overall North American supply picture. Regarding domestic supply there seems to be a lot of concern about Independence Hub and some unquantifiable pent-up Rockies supply that will be unleashed when the Rockies Express pipeline opens up January 1st. The offset to the Independence Hub ramp-up is the current Gulf of Mexico gas rig count which has dropped precipitously from 85 to 61 rigs this year due primarily to current negative shelf economics.  Because of the high Gulf decline rates, the impact from this drop in drilling activity will likely offset Independence Hub volumes within six to nine months. I personally think the Gulf of Mexico rig count drop is a very significant item, and that it is a harbinger of a longer term low rig count in the Gulf of Mexico shelf as more shelf rigs migrate to the Arabian Gulf and other higher price venues.  Regarding pent-up natural gas supply to be unleashed by rigs in the Rockies, I think the volume increase if any will be very small. Using the supply assumptions I've quoted I believe 2008 gas prices are likely to be more robust than 2007 depending of course on the winter weather intensity.  Our 2008 gas hedge position was articulated in yesterday's 8-K. We currently have 260 million cubic feet a day hedged for next year, at an $8.55 MMBtu average price. As a percentage of North American gas, we are currently about 18% or 19% hedge for '08 depending on which growth path we elect.  As I reported in last quarter's call, we will likely continue to add to our 2008 hedge position, market permitting. Regarding oil, we have no 2008 hedges and are less likely to hedge while the market is in backwardation.  Now let me summarize. In my opinion there are five important points to take away from this call. First, we have a flexible CapEx plan that will provide 13% to 17% debt adjusted per share production growth in 2008 depending on natural gas prices. I'll also note that we've increased our expected long-term growth estimate from average of 9% per year to an average of 10% per year for 2009 through 2011.  Second, our year-over-year crude and condensate production growth is targeted to be 33% in 2008 and will be generated primarily by investments yielding 100% after-tax rate of return.  Third, the bulk of our 2008 production growth will be generated from the Barnett which will yield a 40% to 90% reinvestment rate of return after-tax depending on the gas price. Because the bulk of our total investments will generate a very high reinvestment rate of return we expect to continue to generate one of the highest return on capital employed in the peer group.  Fourth, we expect to achieve the 13% to 17% total organic production growth without increasing 2008 net debt. That would put us on a track to maintain a mid-teens net debt to total cap throughout 2008 providing lots of balance sheet conservatism and flexibility.  And fifth, all of this growth will be generated domestically. So the political or creeping expropriation risk is much lower than with other growth stories. Thanks for listening. I will remind you that our 2008 analyst conference is February 28 in Houston and now we will go to Q&A.  Question And Answer 
Operator:  Thank you. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And for our first question we'll go to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you good morning. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning, Brian. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  On the Bakken play any initial thoughts on well communications at EURs as you start to pilot the 320 acre downspacing? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No I mean not so not any initial thoughts, we... our belief is that it is somewhat analogous to the Barnett in that the initial recoveries we're getting of total oil in place, in this case, it's oil of course, are very low. And it's our belief that give us sometime and we'll find a way to improve recoveries and certainly one way to improve recoveries is to have more intense spacing of wells and while we're talking in Johnson County of going to 40 acre spacing. In this case, the concept will be 320 acre spacing. So we will be drilling our first pilot well here within a month in the 320 acre spacing, and seeing how that turns out. It will probably be a kind of iterative process and it will probably take us, I would say about six months to get an understanding of 320 is the proper way to go or not. So it's not going to be a magic bullet where we drill one well Brian and say Eureka it works or it doesn't work.  But as I said our feeling on the overall play is that we think the play is probably going to be bigger in terms of size, in terms of how many miles long and how many miles wide, it is as we do more stepout drilling. So we think the play will likely get bigger that way and then we also think that in terms of how much oil or what percent of oil in place we will ultimately recover that we'll find some way to get that 9% up to a more robust number too. So there are two ways we think the ultimate recoveries will grow. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks. And I guess secondly when you look at the swing in the 13% to 17% growth target for next year and essentially it sounds like Barnett is relatively flatter. There is a little of variability, Bakken is flat... it is fixed in terms of growth. On your various other plays could you talk to where you plan vary? Especially I guess ostensibly in the Uinta Basin. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, Uinta Basin is one of the bigger swing plays. The Uinta is one that we can throttle down or ramp up. The advantage we have in the Uinta Basin is, we don't have any lease expiry deadlines or anything like that. It's all held by production. So if I had to pick one single area that would be our area where... would be our biggest lever to move up or down, it would be the Uinta Basin. But the leverage we'll also... that this other swing area will be Canada, as to how many shallow gas wells drilled in $7 versus $8 gas. But it will also occur in other divisions such as the South Texas to Mid-Continent area, East Texas area. But the single biggest player would be likely the Uinta Basin Brian. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  Should we think then that the Uinta Basin needs 750 gas to be economic? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No it's... I mean the thing about it is, it flies at $7 gas, but it's just a case of do we want to run every single part of the company at maximum intensity, if we are seeing an oversupplied gas market, which would be the sign... if gas is $7 we basically are seeing an oversupplied gas market. So it's more of a case of do we want to further contribute to an oversupplied gas markets by pouring more gas onto that market. And so it would be basically a sign where EOG says we have already got an oversupplied market, do we in areas where we have the flexibility to just delay drilling, do we really want to create more supplies such as in Uinta Basin? Our answer would probably be... we're probably not going to push it that hard in '08. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company. 
Thomas L. Gardner - Simmons & Company:  Good morning guys. Mark, with respect to guidance, does your low end of 2008 production guidance imply a flat rig count? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  I would say generally a flat rig count to where we're running now yes that's a pretty good direction. Yes we are running about 70 to 75 rigs right now. And to grow with the 13% we would probably keep it at relatively flat rig count, yes. 
Thomas L. Gardner - Simmons & Company:  So with respect to the Barnett then if you keep your rig count flat, at what point do you see the decline rate offsetting the positive production, impact of horizontal drilling? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  The trick on... I always caution people Tom on using a rig count particularly in the Barnett because what happened is we are shifting a significant amount of our fleet from these conventional rigs to these automated single rigs, and we get more wells drilled with the same rig using this automated single rig because we are drilling them faster. So... we are getting more real wells drilled, say using 20 rigs than we were using 20 rigs a year ago. So it really boils down to more the well count. I mean what I give you is in our $7 case for the Barnett in '08, we intend to drill 350 wells, in the $8 case, we intend to drill about 415 wells. 
Thomas L. Gardner - Simmons & Company:  Okay and those drilling... 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  It's dangerous using how many rigs that you plan to use. 
Thomas L. Gardner - Simmons & Company:  Yes kind of... and the incremental I guess benefits not coming from rigs, is coming from what? Better stimulation techniques? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I mean what differentiates us I believe from the other producers in the Barnett is, I continue to believe that we are getting better productivity per well and better reserves per well than likely the rest of the players in the Barnett. And we have used Railroad Commission data and other data particularly in Johnson County to get comparisons for that and our initial production rates per well appear to be anywhere from 30% to 50% better than pretty much the rest of the other companies up there. And we just believe we have more efficient completion technique that we don't disclose exactly what we will do. But I think the fact that we are talking about 450 million cubic feet a day next year, and we have made zero acquisition in the Barnett speaks for itself that we are the only the one to be generating that kind of production without making multi-hundred million or in many cases multi-billion dollar acquisitions in the Barnett. And it's because we are getting better well I believe. 
Thomas L. Gardner - Simmons & Company:  Got you. Given jumping over to the Bakken and given your recent success there focusing on growing liquid production. Can you give us some color on your recent view between the relative value gap between oil and gas? Do you see this changing over time and what are some of those drivers?. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Wow, yes, that's a tough question Tom. I personally believe that this value gap of close to a 2 to 1 BTU pricing disparity, I don't think it can last, say 5 years duration. But I think it can certainly last the next several years but I think long term people will find a way to make that gap converged by getting ways to utilize gas, where they are currently utilizing oil. But my sense is that over the next year, we will see some convergence between gas and oil, and I don't think it's going to be with seeing oil prices come down significantly. I don't think the convergence is going to come in that method. So I think the convergence and I'll just call it directional convergence because I am not saying they're going to converge in the next year or two. But I think directionally we will see gas prices move upwards.  But my sense is that if we have a winter that is a reasonable winter... like a 10-year average or 30-year average winter that we could see a startling surprise in natural gas prices this winter to the upside. So our... we could be... although we are hedging some gas, we will not be the kind of company that ends up hedging 50% of our gas or anything like that. The upper limit on our hedging might be 30%-35% as we currently see it. Because we think it is certainly possible, you could have a $9 Henry Hub price for calendar year 2008. That would not surprise me at all. All you would need is a winter that tends toward a somewhere between the 10 and 30 year winter and I think $9 a gas is pretty well assured in my opinion. 
Thomas L. Gardner - Simmons & Company:  Thanks Mark. That's very helpful. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to Benjamin Dell with Bernstein 
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co:  Hi Mark. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Hi Ben. 
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co:  I wonder if you could just give us some clarity on your assumptions around sales for the Appalachian. What sort of price range or maybe if you can't say that what sort of volume in terms of at 2P reserves you are looking to sell? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. Gary Thomas you want to field that? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Our PDP reserves there are somewhere around 200 to 250 Bcf. 
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co:  Yes, right. Mark a follow-up question on the hedging. Sort of commented that you believe at least some convergence is likely. Doesn't that suggest you should be hedging the oil and not hedging the gas rather than the other way around? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, you could build case for that Ben. You could go crazy trying to figure out what it is. I mean I could go crazy trying to figure out what it is on there. In terms of things but yes there is some logic to what you say. I mean the way we view the natural gas market is, it's pretty much just the weather bet this winter. If you have... if we have a warm winter, gas prices could easily be $7 and if you have a winter that tends for the 30-year winter I think it's, in my mind it's pretty well a lock, you're going to have gas prices that will average $9 for the calendar year. And so, it's just kind of what we believe the weather, winter weather is going to be.  So we just kind of said, since it is the weather bet we'll... if we can hedge gas around the 850 price range and hedge perhaps 30% of it or so that's probably a comfortable position to be in. But I do believe that if you got a reasonable winter that we all will be surprised by the upside strength of the... how much the gas price moves up. On the oil side, I just believe that our own opinion is that while there might be some emotion in the oil price today certainly I just believe that you got worldwide demand it's 86 million barrels a day and you have worldwide capacity today it is 88 million barrels a day. The IDA is forecasting in five years that demand is likely to grow by 10 million barrels a day and I just don't believe that the world, the industry can grow supply by 10 million barrels a day in five years. And so I just think we have a perpetually tight supply-demand scenario unless we have a global economic slowdown. That is my call. 
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co:  Great. And maybe I could just get back to one last question on your businesses. Canada and the UK last year when you looked at year-end data [ph] they seemed to under-perform your U.S. business. You seem to have much more focus on obviously the Barnett and the Bakken this year. Do those businesses still fit with your core areas of... are they positions that you believe over the long-term you will be reducing as a percentages of portfolio, or even getting out of? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Likely not, certainly not Canada. We think there is a lot of opportunities out there and certainly one of them would be, shale gas opportunities with horizontal drilling. And so, and we've already made comments in the past that one of our potential growth opportunities there that we are pursuing is indeed shale gas in Canada although we have been rather vague about where. And in the UK, we are just trying to figure out what the real gas price is over there. Currently it's back up to $10. So we think there are growth opportunities, although we basically, we are... as you see we haven't really mentioned it on the earnings call. We really just have muted growth expectations for the next several years there. But certainly for the next year or two we do not have any intention of selling our position in UK. 
Benjamin Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co:  Okay. Great, thank you. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to David Heikkinen with Tudor Pickering. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  Good morning and good guidance for next year, it's pretty positively received. But comments and questions not giving details on CapEx but talking about activity levels with an assumption of 13% growth gives you a flat capital budget be reasonable year-over-year? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes David, the reason we haven't given any details on the CapEx is we haven't finalized the number down to the nearest $100 million, and we really don't want to give guidance and then where we to change in three months by $100 million to have some sell-side analysts criticize us by... that we already changed it by $100 million plus or minus before the year started. It doesn't take a lot of mathematical skills from the guidance that we have given you here to work back and figure out what CapEx would be under either scenario there to come out with a flat net debt. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  And I guess on up CapEx would be because net of the Appalachian sales for our methods $500 million to $750 million of incremental CapEx to get the high end growth numbers is kind of the way you are leading us to keep net debt flat by the end of the year, does that... make sure I am capturing that accurately? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes and I am not going to give any... 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  Okay. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Guidance but it's basically... it's not that hard to come up with those. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  If wecan do it I guess any body can. So the part of rig count and activity levels you kind of detailed $7 gap $8 gap Barnett number of wells you've given Bakken number of wells. Can you talk about the number of wells in other regions, Uinta in Canada and Mid-Continent that's the $7 and $8 gas price case? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes probably not specifically at this stage. We will be able to hear by the end of the year or at our analyst conference on five divisions on air. But I would say directionally it would be relatively flat with this year is a 13% case and probably up a bit at 7%. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  Okay. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Which is all I can give you this time but not a specific well count number there David. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  Okay. And then comes the final question on Appalachia could you give the production associated there as well? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  17 million a day. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  Okay, and that I guess on the 200 and 250 Bs PUD percentages? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  I don't have those numbers I don't think and majority of this is going to be proved producing and I would guess it's probably going to be somewhere around 25% to 30%. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  Okay. And then just one final question Mark whenever you said the range on your acreage I had my notes that the Bakken is 20 miles long and did you say several miles wide or 7, I just wasn't sure if it was 7 or several? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes I said several miles wide. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering:  Several, okay. Just couldn't hear it quite right. Thanks guys. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. 
Operator:  For our next question we'll go to Robert Morris with Banc of America. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  Good morning Mark. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Hey Bob. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  On the capital spending guidance for next year you'll give that out when? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes it's probably either at the next earnings call or I would guess is when we give that out. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  Okay. In the $7 gas scenario I would assume that your deferred tax continues to run at about 80% that I know that moves down as the gas price moves up. So in modeling all that what would you assume is the deferred tax rate in the $8 case? 
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  This is Tim. It's going to be in that same range because of the high IDC we have going into that program. In the $7 case we're likely to get into an odd man position which we won't have in the $8 case. So that would be swing variance there. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  So in that swing variance on the 13% case still 80% deferred tax higher? 
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  In that range the 80 to 100 range. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  Okay. Quickly on the incremental looks like 45,000 acre plus of acreage you bought in Bakken, what is the pricing going for on that acreage Mark? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  I'd say roughly about 200 to 300 bucks an acre is what we pay for that incremental acreage. I'll just note, I mean we are saying greater than 175,000 acres. We try to be sly on that stuff, I mean we've got... we're trying to camouflage our acreage position, we've got more than that. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  Okay. How much did you pay for your sand mine? Is there and also is there an operating cost that will show up in LOE or line item for that going forward? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No it will... now I and Garry discussed the sand mine and the fracs because it's probably worth discussing but it will all show up as it will come through the DD&A line, it's not an operating cost side. I mean it will be part of the well completion cost or that well cost. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  And how much did you pay for the mine? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  We've got a 1000 acres here in Hood County and it's adjacent to the Unema [ph] mine and we paid $500,000 for the lease and essentially the same with the oil and gas lease. We have control of that as long as we are mining, and we spent... we are going to be spending somewhere around $15 million to have everything functionable and we'll start using sand there in December. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  Okay. Right. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Go ahead Gary. 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  And the thing that we have looked at here is about the half the completed well cost is on the drilling side and about half on the completion and that half of the completion is a stimulation portion, and about half of our stimulation is the sand. With those owning the sand then there is a tremendous reduction here in the cost of that. Probably somewhere $0.02 per pound versus cost of service companies somewhere around $0.08 per pound. So, that's where a large part of the savings comes in. And of course that's a fraction of how much sand we use and we will continue to use more sand for the work. Per well is per completion. That's how we get the $350,000 savings per well. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  Okay. Yes that's helpful. 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Okay. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America:  Thanks. That's all I had. Thanks. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to Gil Yang with Citigroup. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup:  Just follow-up on sand a bit, why are you limited to only about 30 wells with just how close they are to the mine? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Gil the reason for that right now is, we are going to have 3 frac spreads that we have contracted and we'll just be able to get about a third of our wells completed with those three frac spreads. Now once we get the sand, the sand mine operating and see that we can produce more sand than those three frac spreads can utilize. We have got other service companies that are interested in using EOG's sand which will be also a cost savings to EOG. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup:  So would that appear in offset to DD&A? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Yes potentially. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup:  Okay. 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  That will reduce well cost and that of course what we work at, in all cases going back to... yes half our cost is on the drilling side. Large portion of that is a rig so that is why we went to the automated rigs and then we look at the other part of that equation that being the completion and what we can do to improve our efficiency and lower our costs on that side as well. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup:  All right. Mark a couple of questions for you regarding the acceleration and deceleration activity. How much... maintenance and activity in the Barnett is from lease expiration issues versus just the strong economics, and conversely for Uinta, it sounds like you don't have the lease expression issues but is there economic issues? Economically it's not as strong as the Barnett so that's why you would chose that area to tune that activity a bit? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  In the Barnett... most of those leases we have are generally, three year leases with two year extensions. But for example, if you want to extend those leases for two additional years, you basically have to pay the same price that you pay to get the lease to start with. So the economic decision you make is to do I drill on those leases or do I pay, the same amount of cost, maybe get the lease in first place. So, it kind of drives you say let's... since I get a good rate of return anyway, why don't I just keep the activity to level up in the Barnett. So you are driven there, pretty strongly to keep up fairly activity level. In the Uinta Basin, you have quite high rates of return, basically even at $7, you get about a 30% to 50% reinvestment rate of returns. So if you were... if it was purely on economics alone, we would drive a very high activity level in the Uinta Basin in 2008 and go for probably higher than a 13% growth rate. The dilemma that you have is the lease that I see is, why should we be pouring more gas on a market that apparently would be supply long if we were in a $7environment, and stressing our organization's limited personnel even farther. So it's not a case where we, you're going into an economic distress situation at $7 in Uinta you still have very nice economics, but it's a more a case that I am not sure we want to... just fled the market with more gas, it's a market that needs any more gas. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup:  Okay, fair enough. For the Barnett, if you are drilling out more... and if you let your activities being driven by lease... drilling up leases, will we see any change in the quality of the well that you are drilling to more peripheral areas and will there be a mix shift there? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No, not that we see really. I mean it's still going to be very, very good. I mean we are blending what we will be seeing over time as you see more of the West and more of the Southern extension stuffs about getting gradually blended in Johnson County and that's where they frac stuff that Gary detailed for is important because if you save significant amount for oil out there in the West, it really helps your economics out there because there it's more of a cost driven play. But no you really won't be seeing major shift in mix. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup:  All right. And last question I have got is, with your capital spending variability depending on the gas price, will there be any change to your sort of exploration activity to search for new shales or whatever else? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No, absolutely not. We still have our ongoing focus in activity for new unconventional plays and the key focus on that is horizontal drilling. All the unconventional plays, unconventional fields we are looking at are the key thing areas, all of them that we are looking involves horizontal drilling. And so that is still a very heavy focus of the company and we keep very, very quiet about those plays. I mean the most recent example we have is obviously the Bakken of a successful one. And when we get one ready and set up and have all the acreage captured then we will talk about it such as the Bakken. But until then you will hear as close to zero news about it as we will, as we can possibly give you. But the emphasis within the company is still very, very heavy on that. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup:  All right. Thank you. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to Leo Marianiwith RBC. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Yes just a quick follow-up question for you folks on the Bakken. Trying to get some sense of sustainability of the production here. I guess one of the wells you had come on around 1900 barrels a day at the end of September trying to get a sense what that well is doing today? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes the wells have come on and they have a decline rate it's... I mean just to tie it into it. It's somewhat similar to the Barnett Shale in that the wells come on at high rates then they have a fairly high decline and then they will settle out and they will last for 15 years or so. I would say approximately 15 years. And a typical well will come in at say 1800, 2000 barrels a day and then after a few months it will settle down at probably about 500 or 600 barrels a day. So we don't want to mislead you and think that like this Austin wells as highlighted in the press release came on at 2000 barrels a day. It doesn't stay at 2000 barrels a day for a long time. It will decline fairly rapidly. But it is very similar to the kind of like the monster wells at Johnson County. What happens is you capture a significant amount of high rate production in the first year and it generates a reinvestment of rate of returns of 100% very easily and then what you end up with is kind of a long life well that produces between a 100 and 200 barrels of oil a day for many, many, years. But as you are aware of the finding cost as we quoted with is about $7.50 and obviously if you are selling this stuff for 80 to 90 bucks a barrel we'll, pretty obvious what the profit margin is. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Could you give us a little more color on your assumption in 80 million barrels recoverable math? I guess about this, just kind of do some quick math and use 640 I think that applies, if you want to use kind of the 700,000 barrel per well, it kind of applies around 40% of your acreage is going to be good. Can you give us any color around what you are thinking? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes as we continue to drill we are trying to define the size of the sweet spot. We know there is a large oil accumulation in this eastern part of the Williston Basin in the Bakken. The question is how much of it is going to be a 700,000 barrels per well, how much of it is going to be a little bit less than that is still economic. You probably recall at our annual conference last year we first announced this thing at 50 million barrel as our mid point that's after drilling 4 wells. At the end of about mid summer we drilled I think 13 wells, we have that 60 and today we are showing 80 as our midpoint after drilling 22 wells. And that also means that we have added leasehold during the timeframe of course that we have extended sweet spot nine miles north. Parshall area itself is probably about six or seven miles long and three, four miles wide. So we know now that the sweet spot where we can get this 700,000 barrels net per well is of the substantial size.  Now how we actually get to the 80 million barrel number we are assuming 640 spacing and we are assuming that 700,000 barrels per well, but only in this what I would call the sweetest of the sweet spot the core sweet spot. But then outside of that which includes a percentage or a proportion of our 175,000 acres we are anticipating halos of lesser reserves per well. And what we doing is just kind of modeling 80 million barrels what we would consider a very safe number to date. And if you just use your math 175,000 net acres at 273 net locations you would only need, less than 300,000 barrels per well net to get that 80 million barrel number. So how you mix that up... having mix up your calculation determining how much of that is ultra sweet and how much of it is just relatively sweet, that's the part we're really not willing to say more about today. But we think we have a handle on that and we are gathering it more specific in definitive handle on that as we drill our step-out well. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. So you folks are obviously gradating your acreage here into sort of the bucket for lack of a better word. I guess are you guys also applying some risk assessments to that to get to the 8 million barrels, is that more sort of a risk number in your estimate? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes we are raking our acreage to get to that 80 million barrels, yes. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Just one final question for you gentlemen on sort of Trinidad in UK, you talked about flat to slightly down production 2008. I guess if I just kind of sort of eyeball the trend that we've seen in the past couple of quarters looks like we have seen some declines a little bit in those areas. And I was just trying get a handle on it if you thought you had some incremental volumes in '08 in the UK or you thought there was a change that you're going to producing above contract level in '08, there and Trinidad? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes what... we just put up on our website this morning I believe the numbers are that we expect the UK, Trinidad to add this year to produce 300 MMcfe next year those two to produce 290 MMcfe. The assumptions there... the assumptions are that we just have a natural decline in the UK which is by far the much smaller component of that. And I believe that's very, very likely to what will happen because we don't have any new production that's likely to come on there. And then the assumption in Trinidad is that we will be limited to our contract takes. There is a possibility in Trinidad that that we will again have contract overtakes but we would guide you to just the contract takes them out. So the 13% of the 17% production growth, having handle in there that we just are limited to contract takes in Trinidad trended and that we basically go from 300 to 290 in both cases the 13% and 17% in volume from those two entities next year. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. And how many rigs do you guys run in the Barnett right now? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  There are 23. 
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Thank you very much for your time. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to David Snow with Energy Equities Incorporated. 
David Snow - Energy Equities:  Yes hi I wondered if there is anything new or any way to give us a color on what's happening in the Wolfcamp, New Mexico. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  There is really not a whole lot new in the Wolfcamp, New Mexico I mean we are running a couple of rigs out there and have decent results. And, it's just supportive play, for our West Texas division and that's all we have ever painted it as being, and that's exactly what it is, it's just a supportive play and things are going fine there. 
David Snow - Energy Equities:  Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to John Herrlinwith Merrill Lynch. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Yes hi, a bunch of them. With the sand are we talking kind of uniform face sizes or are you going to actually sort the sand in all that for your fracs in the Barnett? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Oh, yes, we sort and we are using the same mesh sizes. The mine has the same mesh size as what we have been using for the last year. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Great, given the new sands that fit for purpose rigs or fracs etcetera what's your average completed well cost? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Well, the average, it ranges anywhere from $1.4 million to probably $3.6 million depending where we are John. So yes the average might be 2.5. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. A switch into the Bakken if you started one of this horizontal wells January 1st, what would you average about 220-250 barrels a day per year? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  It will be higher than that John, because these wells after several months still 600 barrels a day. Most often that we have I would say it's going to be ramped 350 barrels a day. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Good, that's what I wanted to say. That's fine. Completed well cost how much are they running in Bakken? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  We are listing them in the IR presentation at about $5.2 million right now, but we are likely within six months we will probably be showing lower numbers than that. We are driving it to down pretty well but use 5.25 million right now. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Regarding the sweet spot that was discussed by Loren, are we talking geologic or fracturing related type stuffs and so that seems to be very narrow band, can you give more information Loren? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  Relatively John I can give you slightly more information. I think what we said before is that these sweet spots are both controlled by tectonics or fracturing and by stratigraphy. And so I mean obviously we now believe we have extended the sweet spot all the way from Parshall into the Austin area in nine miles north, that's not a very linear sounding box. So which of the two are the most dominant fracturing or stratigraphy? That so we are not really going to comment anymore today but I would just say that both are involved. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes that's about a 20 mile long sweet spot, John. That's not very small. 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  And Parshall is about 6 or 7 miles wide. So talking 20 by 6 or 7 there. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Yes I just heard that there was a decent structural component. Okay. 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  John let me mention one thing here. Looking at some of the early wells that came on a year ago and the rate is one of them came out 1800 barrels a day, current production 415, and that's what I was addressing. By the end of the year we'll be making about 350 barrels oil per day. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  And so yearly average you are probably talking about, I would say maybe 600 or so. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Yes. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Good still I one I wanted to get to. Last one from me, I guess is the new royalty framework in Canada obviously you've heard about it. Does this mean perhaps in 2009 that you will consider backing off more in terms of long-term activity in Canada or switch to other plays like you mentioned with shale plays over towards BC? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes we've calculated the impact of that new royalty on our existing production, it's pretty de minimis. But as you know in Alberta a lot of the stuff we do is that real shallow gas drilling that biogenic gas and really has essentially no impact on go forward shallow gas drilling. What it does have an impact is if you are drilling wells 7,000 - 10,000 feet deep. It's a pretty confiscatory royalty change. So I'd say for those kind of areas which is up in the deep basin area of Alberta the Wapiti area where we drill some wells. On the margin it's probably going to cause us to drill less wells and shift some capital in those areas, shift some capital to other areas. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Yes, so basically... because your biogenic wells tend to be low volume, you don't get clipped on the royalties, right? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, those will... we will continue that program on a go forward basis but probably I would say 25% of our CapEx the last 3 years is going to kind of the deep base of Alberta areas like the Wapiti area you might have heard us talk about where we are drilling at 7500 feet up there, if you get a well all that maybe it will come in at the million a day or so. Royalty jumps from roughly 26% to something like 40%. Starting in 2009, so clearly at the margin, we and I guess every other producer will be less in time to drill those kind of wells. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Great, thank you very much. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. 
Operator:  And for the next question we will go to Ray Deacon with BMO Capital Markets. 
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets:  Hi Loren I was wondering in the Rockies, is there anything in the winter that would make you more positive in some of the deeper shale plays about the economics there, in a $7 gas world? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  Ray we've participated in I think two wells now, into the deeper shales below what we call the Mesaverde and really the results are not very definitive at this point. I mean there is obviously it's a big basin in our gas sales and there is plenty of gas intersection and it's a fixed section. We are talking to 2000 feet of the rock there but of the economics we are not sure justified that they are drilling at this point. And again it comes down to same kind of question we had in that some of these other basins in some of these other basin-centered sales what's controlling sweet spot. At this point there really has not been enough drilling into that section to know whether it's a pervasive wide spread sweet area or there is going to be much more localized by say tectonic fracturing. 
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Got it. And I guess just two more quick ones between now and the analyst meeting I guess in the Barnett other than the core and tier 1 where are you going to devote the bulk of your effort? Is it more in the Southern where the Western Counties, where is the effort going and also just a question on basis hedging is that... are going to... are you looking at that at all at this point? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes we are not looking to actively hedge any basis. We have, we think the Rocky Mountain situation will clear itself up here once REX comes into service. As far as the Barnett over the next several years it's going to be a mix. But Johnson County is still going to carry the lion share of the load but what you will see is you will Hill County and you will see the Western Counties take on bigger proportions of the load as you get into '08 and '09. But still the bulk of the load clearly is still going to be borne by Johnson County. 
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Got it. Thanks. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to Joe Allman with JP Morgan. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Hello everybody. In terms of the North Dakota Bakken this Austin well. Do you think that this is part of the Parshall field or do you think it's actually outside of the Parshall field that's still in a relatively sweet spot? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  Joe we think it's all part of the same accumulation. So in that way you could say it's part of the Parshall field as to whether it's a... we are going to see 700,000 barrels per well at every location between them and Parshall that remains to be seen but we believe that the whole area is going to be a sweet spot. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Okay that's helpful. And just to clarify 700,000 that gross is net to you but the gross would be roughly 900,000 barrels? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  That's correct. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Okay. And then you got six rigs running at this point where you are focusing at drilling? Are you pretty much all in this area, or are you stepping outside? I mean you said you got one completing six miles South but any other drilling going on elsewhere? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  We did have rig drilling our third well at Austin area to the North. We mentioned the two and that we also have a well drilling in that same area. The other rigs are all down in the Parshall area. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  And this additional 45,000 or so net acres that accumulated, is it all kind of roughly in this area or are you stepping out on to new area as well? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  We are continuing to lease in the Parshall area picking up interest as we can and in Austin area and in the box to 20/6 mile box that we talked about. And in general this leasing on the whole trend, we believe the trend is not fully defined at this point. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Got you. And then on your pricing flexibility for next year's CapEx, are you focused on the spot prices or the 12 month futures? Or are you focused on really what the differentials are? It's Rockies is really sort of a flex area, is really the issue that's going to trigger decision the differential? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  All but yes the differentials will play a part of it but we just... we are assuming correctly I hope that when Rockies Express starts up there's not a huge basis flow out between the Rockies and the rest of the country. So we are basically saying that if Henry Hub is $8 or $7 depending on the case that we are assuming some differentials between there and Rockies and Canada and so on and so forth but everything is predicated really on how the Henry Hub numbers. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  And presumably if we get a spike in prices you will hedge some more and then you might be kind of in a midpoint of the 13% or 17% increase something like that. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes I mean you could almost interpolate if gas prices are $7.50 we would probably do 15% production growth. The gas prices are $9 I think you can probably assume what we are still going to do the 17% you can't... don't interpolate north of 17%. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Got you. I wanted that and then just comment just on other shale plays now you said your Northwest territories... what were you pursuing up there? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration:  Northwest territories was really not a shale play at all. It's more of a conventional structural play involving Paleozoic carbonate reservoirs, and Paleozoic shale source rocks in conventional trusted traps. We drilled I think a total of about four wells out there, found two traps one gas, one oil plus common well... I should say one gas plus common trap [ph]. And appraised one of those and just feel like the results were not sufficient to make us go forward. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Okay. Can you comment on anything else that's going to... any other kind of play that especially shale play that you've got going on in Canada and how about West Texas any update on West Texas? Are there other any plays, I know you don't want to comment too much but can you give us an update? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  The answer to Canada is no. The one play or plays were involved in or heavily competitive vis-à-vis acreage. And so we are not going to comment and the only comment we'll make on West Texas is we did announce on last quarter earnings call, that we had exited from the Culberson county play which was a much hype play. So we have no position in Culberson county. So you are not going to get any information out of us. We're not doing that to be catty, we're just doing it because these plays are very, very competitive and acreage is competitive and there is a lot of people who follow on EOG in trying to replicate us. So we've adopted a very, very confidential posture on these plays. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  That's smart and I appreciate that. Just a clarification on you talked about Appalachia, that divestiture. Is it 200 to 250 Bcf of proved reserves? And then you gave a number for the PUDs, I just want to clarify that. 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Yes, that was PDP proved. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  200 to 250PDP and then so the... okay, the PUDs would be whatever percentage you gave 30% of the total which presumably the total is higher than that number. 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Yes if you use SEC, there is quite additional number of locations that can be drilled. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Okay. Got you, and then lastly any basis hedges at this point for 2008? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No we've no basis hedge taking place. 
Joe Allman - JP Morgan:  Got all right. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to Joe Magner with Tristone. 
Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital:  Good morning. Just one more follow up on the Bakken if I may. My understanding is that there is a need for a gas gathering system up there. You are planning gas but limited by state restriction. Is that the case, how much is that curtailing current production? Is there a gathering system plan and if so when will that be complete? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes your information is correct. There is not a gas gathering system in place. We are building our own gas gathering system and it should be in place by the end of this year. And so it's not curtailing any current production right now and the gas should be going for sales by the end of the year. 
Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital:  Full production growth estimates factor that completion in for next year? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes not that much. It's called casing gas. It is just a gas I think it's currently like 2 million to 3 million cubic feet a day. But it will contribute but that is factored into our '08 production growth estimate, it will contribute some natural gas liquids and a bit of natural gas that is in our estimate yes. 
Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital:  Okay thanks. And just go quickly on the Barnett there were a couple of pipelines that were expected in the southern and western extension areas, are those complete or what's the timing and what sort of impact will those have on the Barnett activity next year? 
Gary L. Thomas - Senior Executive Vice President, Operations:  Yes they are going to be in place for us next year. We got waste pipeline procuring gas through it. We are expanding it and the Hill county or South extension will be completed there next year. 
Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital:  Okay. Thanks, that's it for me. Thanks. 
Operator:  And for our next question we will go to Richard Tullis Capital One Southcoast. 
Richard Tullis - Capital One Southcoast:  Good morning. Just some quick questions. I think most of them have been answered already. Going back to the shut-ins could you review that with us quickly? I didn't catch all of it. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  The shut-ins what we have said is for the months of September, October and looks like for the first half of November we have had or we will have anywhere between on a daily basis between 50 million and 140 million net cubic per day curtailed in the Rockies because of this whole gas price. So the effect of that if you look at our actual production for the third quarter in U.S. gas, and the guidance that we have given for the fourth quarter in U.S. gas, the numbers are lower than what particularly in a guidance for the fourth quarter that is lower than the guidance we had previously issued. And we are currently, if you look at 2007 guidance for the full year, we are currently estimating 10.5% production growth, whereas we have previously indicated 11.5% production growth, and 100% of that 1% lower production growth is just due to the production curtailment we have voluntary done in the Rockies due to low gas prices. 
Richard Tullis - Capital One Southcoast:  Okay. I understand. Just going to the Bakken real quickly. I know you are planning to run 8 rigs starting early '08 any plans to expand, that higher particularly as the expansion play continues and given the higher crude prices? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  It's possible in the second half of '08 that we could step it out another rig or two. It will depend on the stepout drilling that we do. Most of those 8 rigs we'll be drilling in that box that we described which is that 20 mile long, but roughly 7 mile wide, sweet spot that we have now pretty well defined. But we will be drilling some stepout wells, particularly in the fourth quarter and first quarter next year to kind of trying to expand that box to make it bigger. And if we successfully make that box bigger, it's certainly possible in the second half '08 we'll ramp up drilling a bit more. But won't be going like from 8 to 16 rigs or something like, it may go from 8 to 10 or something but it will depend on whether we... also possibly on downspacing feasibility here if we are successful and through 28 for spacing and we think we're going to recover more reserves. But it will be a second half '08 event likely. 
Richard Tullis - Capital One Southcoast:  Okay.That's it from me. Thanks too much. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  |Okay Richard. 
Operator:  And for our final question we will go to Jeff Hayden with Pritchard Capital. 
Jeff Hayden - Pritchard Capital:  All my questions have been answered. Thanks a lot. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay. Jeff, thank you. 
Operator:  And with no more questions in the queue at this time, I would like to turn it back over to Mr. Papa for any closing or additional comments. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  I don't have any additional comments. Thanks everyone. If you stayed on that long for all that extensive Q&A and we will talk to you next quarter. 
Operator:  That does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-05 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Mark G. Papa - Chairman and CEO   Timothy K. Driggers - VP and CFO   Loren M. Leiker - Senior EVP, Exploration 
Analysts: Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company   Gil Yang - Citigroup   Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs   Brian Kuzma - JP Morgan   Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities   Unidentified Analyst - Bear Stearns   John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch   Adam O'Laughlin - BMO Capital Markets   David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners   Joseph Allman - JP Morgan   John Mansfield - SAC Capital   Marshall Carver - Pickering Energy 
Operator: Please standby, the conference is about to begin. Good day everyone and welcome to the EOG Resources Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EOG Resources, Mr. Mark Papa. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2007 earnings and operational results.  This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measure can be found on our website.  The SEC permits producers to disclose only proved reserves in their securities filings. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast, including those for the Barnett Shale play, may include other categories of reserves. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears to the bottom of the Investor Relations page of our website. And updated Investor Relations presentation statistics were posted to our website this morning.  With me this morning are Loren Leiker, Senior EVP, Exploration, Gary Thomas, Senior EVP, Operations, Bob Garrison, EVP, Exploration, Tim Driggers, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations.  We filed an 8-K with third quarter and full year 2007 guidance yesterday. The increase on our estimates for 2007 production growth from 10% for 11.5% are organic which is unusual for the Company our size that isn’t issuing equity. Increase from the previous target is emanating from higher domestic crude oil and NGO production. We anticipate strong oil production in the second half driven by continued success in the North Dakota Bakken horizontal oil play that we highlighted in the press release. The increase in NGL is coming from Barnett Shale. We are processing richer gas from this area, and is driving up our NGL production. Our production mix for 2007 includes both 17% organic North American gas growth and 17% total North American growth. Yesterday’s 8-K filing reflects a CapEx increase from $3.4 billion to $3.6 billion. The extra $200 million is primarily devoted to the increase North Dakota drilling and infrastructure and Barnett infrastructure.  In Appalachia, we made a decision to put up for sale a shallow gas asset in order to focus our CapEx in effort on larger potential plays. We are trying to maintain an active exploration effort looking for shale gas in Appalachia. The shallow gas assets represent a small piece from our portfolio. That counts for approximately 1% of total Company production and a little over 200 Bcf of proved reserves. These are very low decline rate reserves and this a time when a market is looking for these type of assets that put into MLP structures. We should be received more these asset in the marketplace and has being reflected currently in our stock price. Our intention would be close on this sale in late 2007 or early 2008, given our increased CapEx in the probability of lower than expected second half 2007 gas prices. The proceeds from this asset sale together with a modest increase in our debt will allows us to execute our capital program while maintaining by follow the lowest net debt ratio of any Company’s peer group as we move into 2008. As we stated in the press release, this asset sale and our higher 2007 gross target won't affect that previously disclosed 2008 production growth target of an average of 9%.  I will now review our second quarter net income available to common and discretionary cash flow and then I will give an operational review. Tim Driggers will then discuss capital structure and I will close with some gas macro comments and a summary.  As outlined in our press release, for the second quarter, EOG reported net income available to common of $306 million or $1.24 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP net income available to common to eliminate mark-to-market impacts outlined in the press release, EOG's second quarter adjusted net income available to common was $219 million or $1.17 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts and focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG’s DCF for the second quarter was $736 million or $2.98 per share versus $621 million or $2.53 per share a year ago.  I will now address some of our operational highlights. In the second quarter, we generated 13% organic year-over-year production growth, highlighted by 24% organic gas growth in the U.S., driven primarily by production in the Barnett. For the second quarter, domestic oil production was up 20% year-over-year. Additionally our first half North American ex-Barnett growth averaged approximately 7% indicating that EOG is not just a Barnett story. You’ll recall that our full year goal for the ex-Barnett assets is 6%.  I will commence our operational review with our North Dakota Bakken Horizontal Oil Play then I will shift to the Barnett, then to other North American areas and then I will close with Trinidad. In North Dakota, the new news during the quarter is that by applying our Barnett Shale completion techniques to display, we’ve raised a relative play economics to a standard that now exceeds those of the Barnett Shale, and that puts it us in the top class of high return plays in North America.  Before these improvements our wells were coming out at an initial rates of 400 to 500 barrels of oil a day, and now we are routinely getting initial rates of 1,500 to 1,600 barrels of oil per day. Our typical well in North Dakota now costs $5.75 million, recovered 700,000 barrels of oil a day net and generates a 100% direct after tax rate of return. For those who don’t have your calculators handy, that’s a $7.50 barrel net direct finding costs. We started the year running one rig in display. We are currently running four rigs, and anticipate ramping up to eight rigs in early 2008. This play has a lot of characteristics of the Barnett Shale i.e. a large amount of oil in place per section actually about 9 million barrels of oil in place per section. Only about 9% recovery even using horizontal drilling and production decline curves that mirrored the Barnett. We expect this asset will increase EOG’s oil production throughout 2008 and 2009, and you will be hearing more about this play in future quarters.  Now, I will switch to the Fort Worth Barnett, where results continue to outperform expectations and we expect to exceed our previously stated production target of $280 MMcfe per day for the year all organic. As an overall statement, I’ll simply repeat what I said last quarter. The Barnett continues to overachieve regarding our expectations and we have met or exceeded every promise we have made to the investment community regarding this asset.  I will also add that the Barnett is likely the highest ROR large natural gas asset in North America and EOG has a higher proportion of this asset relative to our total size then any other large cap independent. We believe it’s the highest ROR large natural gas asset in North America because of the unique ratio of well cost reserves and decline characteristics.  As I stated on the last call, we continue to believe the intrinsic economics in all parts of the Barnett Shale including the Western extension counties are superior to the Fayetteville Shale and the Oklahoma Woodford Shale play. The key takeaways and our current stage of development in each area is as follows. First, in Johnson County, using baseball parlance, we are in about the third inning of our development stage and we continue to see noticeable improvements in completion technology and wealth spacing that will potentially net us a higher recovery factor. We continue to generate a higher proportion of monster wells then we’d initially expected, several of which we articulated in our press release. The bottom line is that Johnson County results continue to exceed our expectations.  In the West, secondly, in the Western counties of Jack, Erath, Palo Pinto and Hood, and Hill County, which is to the South of Johnson County, we are in the first inning of development. In Hill County, we drilled eight wells this year, completed four wells per sale and a reserve per well within our forecasted range. In the Western counties, we are underway with a 22 well development program in the U.S. and a 50 well development program in Hood. We highlighted a few of these Western county wells in our press release, and although, they don’t have the eye popping initial production rates that the Johnson County has, they represent the bread and butter results that typify these areas.  The third and last point I will make is that we are currently running 23 rigs, 16 in Johnson County, 1 in Hill, and 6 in the Western counties. Of these 23 rigs, 11 are new automated rigs. By early ’08, we expect to have 19 new automated rigs in our fleet. Importance of these new rigs is that they have been proven and to reduce the drilling days by approximately half the days of the conventional rig. This is the first step in our cost optimization program. We will unveil the second step at our November Analyst Conference.  The other of EOG’s large scale play is our Utah Uinta Basin and Mesaverde asset. In the past, we have probably under publicized this play. It’s been one of our main drivers of our ex-Barnett growth and is a consistent high ROR play. In my opinion, this was one the key assets involved in the recent Karmcgee [ph] transaction. Ours is the same asset as the one that was involved in this Karmcgee transaction except ours just had lower cost base. We are currently running nine rigs in this play. The key attribute of this asset is similar to the North Dakota and Bakken assets of very high reinvestment rate of return. Typically our Uinta Basin direct after tax rate of return… after tax rate of returned has been 30% to 40%.  Before I leave North America, let me mention midstream infrastructure. EOG has elected to build its own intrastate gas pipelines, and in some cases, gas process plants in part of its Barnett Shale development as well as its North Dakota oil play. This is the new strategy for EOG as we have not previously been in the plant or pipeline business for gathering pipeline of this size. We have done it for two reasons. First, it makes business plans to build and control infrastructure if it’s not already in place around new large assets and second the MLP market offers a possible arbitrage opportunity further down the road once these assets were established.  Now, I will turn to Trinidad. During the second quarter, we exceeded our contract takes in Trinidad and we have increased our full year production estimates in yesterday’s 8-K. Additionally, we finalized the gas contract for our Block 4(a) discovery few weeks ago, and we are in the final stages of platform design for this project. Sales under this project will boost overall Trinidad production by about $60 million a day net commencing in early 2010.  I will now turn it over to Tim Driggers to give you CapEx and capital structure. 
Timothy K. Driggers - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Mark. For the second quarter total exploration and development expenditures including asset retirement obligations were $925 million with less than $1 million of acquisitions. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $6.8 million. Year-to date, total exploration and development expenditures including asset retirement obligations were $1.827 billion to $1.5 million of acquisition.  At June 30, total debt outstanding was $884 million and the debt to total cap ratio was 12%. At quarter-end, we had $59 million of cash on the balance sheet. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 34% and the deferred tax ratio was 80%. Yesterday, we filed a Form 10-Q for the second quarter and a Form 8-K with third quarter and updated full year 2007 guidance. For full year 2007, the 8-K has an effective tax range of 34% to 36% and a deferral percentage of 70% to 90%. The CapEx budget for the full year is $3.6 billion.  Now, I will turn it back to Mark to discuss gas macro and concluding remarks. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tim. Regarding the North American gas macro, it’s apparent that the second half 2007 gas prices will be disappointing as the higher than expected LNG imports, surprising domestic production growth. Question now becomes what happens in ’08? It appears to me that in ’08 industry production will continue to decline in Canada and will likely have less LNG impacts than previously thought because of the Japan earthquake, and likely high oil prices will discourage fuel switching, so the ’08 wildcards will be winter weather and domestic supply growth. Because of the power of the Barnett Shale of become less pessimistic regarding domestic supply growth and I would say 1.5% domestic growth is possible in ’08 of total Canadian supply will likely fall another 2.5%.  For 2008, EOG will likely hedge gas more heavily than in 2007 market permitting. That doesn’t indicate nervousness about the ’08 gas market, but it reflects the reality that our stock has apparently been punished more heavily than others this year because of our un-hedged position. In my opinion, I’ll say relatively un-hedged position. In my opinion, our superior per share of production growth, low debt, low unit cost, high returns, and quality asset base have been subsumed by short-term concerns regarding natural gas prices, and perhaps the heavier hedge position in ’08 would diminish those concerns.  Our financial hedge position was articulated in yesterday’s 10-Q filing, and for 2008, we already have about 12% of our North American gas production hedge at $8.79 Henry Hub price. We would like to have about 30% to 35% of our 2008 gas production hedge before year-end. Regarding oil, we are much less likely to hedge forward any volumes as long as the market is in backwardation.  Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there were five important points to takeaway from this call. First, the organic production growth machine is running better than ever and our incremental volume growth from 10% to 11.5% is comprised primarily of domestic oil and NGOs. Second, we have a burgeoning new domestic oil play in North Dakota is generating high rate wells and 100% direct reinvestment rate of return, and will drive increases in the EOG’s total oil production through at least 2009. Third, even with the current low gas prices, EOG has device the capital plan to take advantage of the MLP arbitrage at high ’07 and ’08 production growth rates and still keep net debt by far the lowest for the peer group.  Fourth, and I think most important, EOG has collected a stable of premier high reinvestment rate of return domestic assets that we believe are second-to-none. These are characterized by two parameters, large size and much higher than typical upstream reinvestment rate of returns created by a unique mix of well cost to reserves and production rates generated. These are the Barnett Shale which is the premier gas assets in North America and North Dakota Bakken and Uinta Basin. These assets give you G&A edge in generating superior returns as well as production growth, which leads to me to my fifth and final point. Fifth, even with low gas prices and a relatively un-hedged 2007 position, we again expect be a peer group leader in 2007 ROCE as we have been for the past eight years.  Before I turn it over to Q&A, I mentioned that our 2007 Analyst Conference is scheduled for November 13 in Houston. Additional details will be forthcoming.  Thanks for listening, and now I will turn it over to Q&A.  Question and Answer 
Operator: Today’s question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions].  We will take our first question from Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company. Please go ahead. 
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Good morning everyone. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Tom. 
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Hey, Mark. With the recent success you’ve had in increasing your Bakken oil production and the rig count there, that’s going up. Is there any desire within your Company to create a more balance product mix, and can you give us views on the outlook for the oil versus gas? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are pretty sanguine about the outlook for crude oils in terms of just looking at overall worldwide supply and demand, I guess, our outlook for the next five years is that we think that most predictions that are out there are genuinely… are generally where they maybe missing the boat is on the non-OpEx supply growth. I think most people that have predictions every year, they are overly optimistic on what’s going to happen with non-OpEx supply growth. So, it’s our feeling that oil prices have a pretty fair chance to be pretty robust as we go forward. And so, yes, we’re optimistic on the oil side. And so, we sent signals to all of our operating divisions to certainly see if we can shift the balance of our portfolio organically to a bit more oil mix. And I believe this North Dakota Bakken play is going to do that. The question is how big is, this play is going to be, but obviously we’re started here with one rig. As we get into early next year, we’re going to be running eight rigs. So, you’re going to see our oil production ramp up considerably, and the real movement of that is going to occur in ’08 and ’09.  Now you are just seeing the beginning of that movement in the second half of the year so as of an oil production growth. But I think it’s going to become more marketed when you see our forecast come out for ’08. We will put those forecasts out in our Analyst Conference, so as we typically do in November. 
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Okay. And I’d like to get a little more color on this completion technology that’s leading to higher rates and recovery in the Barnett? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it’s… again conceptually we don’t disclose a lot of information on our Barnett completion technology. And again, I guess the point I’ll make in the Barnett completion technology, for example, these monster wells, you don’t see a lot of our peer companies touting monster wells in Johnson County and that’s simply because they’re… they don’t have them. And that’s because we believe we have a competitive edge on our completion technologies in Johnson County. They’re completing wells in identical lock to us, but they’re not getting the quality of wells that we have, wells that are, say north of 6 million or 7 million a day in initial production. And so, it is our technical edge that we have that we believe other companies don’t have. 
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Is any of that proprietary or do you think that through the service companies that leaks out rather rapidly? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It’s… none of it is proprietary that we have some patent on or anything like that, but it’s just application of existing technology drilling. But what we’ve done is just taken some of those concepts to North Dakota, and some of them are… I’d say known by everybody. I mean it’s stage fracing. It’s basically fracing multiple elements along the lateral in North Dakota, but it’s just how we do that really is… it’s happened, but basically we’ve just taken some of those conceptual elements and simply put it. When we started the year, we thought we had a play in North Dakota that the average net recovery per well was going to be something like about 250,000 barrels of oil and the well would come on initially in… and at a rate of 400 or 500 barrels of oil a day. And at 250,000 barrels of oil reserves per well and roughly at $5 million or $5.25 million well cost, we had a play that was marginally economic, but not anything that you could do back flips over.  And so we knew that there was a whole bunch of oil in place, but we had to do something to get the recoveries up and we really didn’t have a play that was that great, and that’s why we started the year running only one rig. But after we had found some of these Barnett techniques and suddenly we got the wells up where… we’re recovering now at roughly 700,000 or so barrels net which is closer to about 900,000 barrels… 850,000 barrels gross which is what most other companies would quote you. Now we have… we’ve taken a project that now has turned into a 100% rate of return projects. 
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: I see. That’s great. A quick question on the Appalachia sale, then I will let someone else hop on. Are you planning on planning on keeping the deep rights on that asset sale? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Gil Yang from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Good morning, Mark. Can you comment on going to the Bakken for a second, what the well costs were the 400 or 500 barrel per day wells and was the decline rate Barnett like decline rate as well? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I’m not… the well cost were about the same for the wells earlier in the year as they are now roughly. So, that the issue is really we just improved the well quality quite a bit. The decline curves are… I would say approximately similar to the Barnett. So, these high rates, the 1,600 barrels a day rates that we put in the press release, those are not consist rates. I mean you have a very high decline I can’t quote you that they are specifically identical to Barnett decline rates, but they’re typified by high declines in the first couple years and then the wells will level out and have relatively low decline after the first year to relatively long lives, which is kind of typical of all horizontal wells. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: When then 400 to 500 barrel per day wells were also horizontal, or are those just vertical? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They were horizontal also. All of the drilling we’ve done… this play is very identical to Johnson County. The bottom line is in Johnson County vertical wells were totally uneconomic and the same thing is in Bakken play. Vertical wells were totally uneconomic and the only way to commercialize this play was horizontal drilling. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. The horizontal wells have done a lot better than last year. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. Yes. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. And at what point do these wells need to be put up on kind of… some kind of pump? I guess, [inaudible] more easily at low pressure, but oil won't because it’s lift itself up? At what point… how many years down do you need to start putting a list on these? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On some of the earlier horizontal wells, we put them on pump after about six months. We anticipate with the way these wells were flowing that it might be a year before they would be on pump, either wells. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. How does that affect the operating column? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We’re bringing electricity in currently to this part of North Dakota, and till this be a slight increase on the operating expand. I think respective to costs. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: And what’s the basis for versus WTI for oil in that region? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it’s not any big… huge differential whack on there. The oil winds up going through the refinery in Minnesota via pipeline. So, it’s not… it’s not a $4 or $5 differential. I can’t quote you exactly what it, perhaps more we can look it up and get back to you, Gil. But it’s not like Canadian Cruiser or some of that stuff. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. With Trinidad, Block 4(a), I think, probably 210? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: And what… can you comment on that pricing that you’re getting on that new contract? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It’ll be linked to a basket of commodities such as ammonia and methanol primarily. So, it’s linked to Caribbean FOB prices for some of the not indigenous items down there. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: I think you hinted that the pricing is more favorable than the previous contract, could you quantify that a little bit? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I can’t… I don’t want to quantify it on there, but it’s more favorable than some of our previous contracts that we had there. But it’s kind of a basket of those kind of commodities. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. But so your average once this contract comes online, your average shouldn’t that rush it, right? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: We will take our next question from David Snow with Synergy Equities. Please go ahead. 
David Snow - Synergy Equities: Yes, I’m… I think you got all my questions now. Thanks. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. 
Operator: We will move to Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. In the Bakken, can you provide a little more color on over what portion of your acreage you tested? And any opportunity to lock up additional acreage surrounding what you already have? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Yes. Brian, we said at our Analyst Conference back in November of last year when we had only drilled about four wells that we thought this thing was 30 million to 70 million barrels of oil. Currently we have about 13 wells drilled and we've also shot about 300 square miles of 3-D. So, we did have a little better feel for that size. And we have increased that estimate from the 30 million to 70 million, to 50 million to 70 million. But we're really not ready to say much more about it than that. We do feel very good about the well results we've had. Well-by-well, we are in that middle Bakken zone. The same zone we had on the other side of the Basin.  We are drilling a few step-out wells to primarily in the one area… in that partial area right now and getting these very good results, and the risk still remains for the overall play. How will those sweet spots be distributed within the overall oil accumulation? There's something that we think we're understanding better from the structural and the stratographic point of view of both. Both have impacts on where the sweet spots are, and we feel like we do have a competitive advantage in understanding that. But we're really not ready to say how much of our acreage, of that 130,000 acres that we talked about at the conference last year is going to be… is going to be really good. I would say that we are optimistic about that and we are still accreting acres in the area. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And just to be clear that you did mention that most of the wells that you tested so far and won as specific part of the acreage or were there any wells that were tested over a wider? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: I would say all the wells, the 13 wells are really in two specific areas. The vast majority of those are really in one specific area at this point. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. And do you see an opportunity here to expand that position? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Yes, we do. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Switching to Canada, any updates on Canadian Shale drilling over the last couple of quarters? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: We mentioned again at the Analyst Conference last year, Brian, that we had about 8,000 acres in a Canadian Shale play, and at that time we attributed somewhere between 1.2 and 2.4 Tcf net reserves to that play, obviously, unproven. And at that point we said that we were completing a vertical well and had planned to drill a horizontal well in the first quarter of this year. We do plan to update the community on what we're doing in that play at our upcoming Analyst Conference in November. But I mean you must realize it’s a very competitive play right now for acreage. And so, we're just really not ready to talk about anything more than that until November. 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Kuzma with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Brian Kuzma - JP Morgan: Good morning guys. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian. 
Brian Kuzma - JP Morgan: What's the average of the lateral length you guys are running in the Bakken play? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: At 4,000 feet. 
Brian Kuzma - JP Morgan: And do you have any update on your conventional exploration program either in Trinidad, or… an update on the Cotton Valley play? Are you guys running any horizontal in the Cotton Valley play? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. We don’t have any updates for you in Trinidad or any exploration. And in the Cotton Valley play, we don’t have any active horizontals going on. We may drill one some time late this year or early next year, but nothing… that's not an active area for us as far as horizontal with at this particular time. 
Brian Kuzma - JP Morgan: Okay. And then to clarify in Appalachia you're still going after the Marcellus Shale play, is that part of the deeper acreage? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That's correct. In Pennsylvania New York, we have about 230,000 net acres including 7 or 8 net acres that are earnable within our Seneca National Fuels joint venture and we are still planning to have by the end of the year about 10 wells drilled. And most of those will be vertical, some horizontal, and we should know a lot more by the end of the year as to the efficacy of that play. 
Brian Kuzma - JP Morgan: Okay. That's it for me. Thanks guys. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Bob Morris with Banc of America. Please go ahead. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Good morning, Mark. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Bob. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: You mentioned taking advantage of the MLP arbitrage, on the midstream side don’t think you have a whole lot as far as assets right now. So, going forward this year, next year and beyond that, how much annually do you expect to spend capitalize as far as building that midstream infrastructure. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. This year we're probably going to be spending in a range of $150 million or so probably on midstream assets, and what's getting us into midstream here is primarily… we have got… I would say brand new assets here in North Dakota and Barnett where there was no infrastructure. And basically, the choice there is, so we have a third party to build the infrastructure or we build in our shales whether just flat brand new assets with no infrastructure existing. So, obviously, as we develop some of these assets in the Western Barnett and in Hill County we will be putting our own infrastructure as opposed to have an third party do it. And depending on how big the North Dakota play get, we will see how much infrastructure we have putting there. So, how much we spend in ’08 and in ’09 will depend on how big some of these plays develop out to be. And whether we would ultimately spin them off into an MLP and that one would probably be an in house MLP. Just to make a side comment on MLPs, we were in camp that as far as doing and E&P based MLP that is something we would definitely not do in house. We will very strongly in that camp, but as far doing some sort of a pipeline plan MLP, if that arbitrage existed couple of years down the road, we would serious consider that. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Right. It will probably be a while before you got enough credit come out that… some of the insights to be able to do that. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Bottom line is exactly that, yes. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Second question. You notice that Barnett Shale production is exceeding the expectation; you probably exceeded the $280 million in a day you had mentioned before. The midpoint of your full year natural gas production guidance dropped just slightly, so you are going to be higher now in the Barnett, where is the shortfall going to be overall there? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the shortfall is going to be in gas in the ex-Barnett, but for that’s going to be made up in the liquid in the ex-Barnett. So, net-net what we are doing is the ex-Barnett is still going to achieve its 6% growth but it’s going to come through NGO and crude oil instead of natural gas. So, that’s how everything works out. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: So, you got an arbitrage that didn't exist before for the liquid stripping, is that essentially what you are saying? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that’s part of it yes, that basically is. And what we have done is we have… I would say we have displaced some of our gas drilling in some of the ex-Barnett areas and we replace it by funding more money into Bakken play. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That’s just basically our view with the second half gas prices versus drill prices. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. And just last question here. You mentioned that part of your budget would be funded with the proceeds from selling Appalachia. And of course, are there any area we concern was is it a net gas average below seven in the quarter, which at this point it appears probably well if you might reduce spending. Is that just not an option, now given the Appalachia sale or is that something you should keep an eye on and that might cause you to scale back spending? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we probably will not scale back spending. I mean, basically, we have supplanted that plan with the plan of the Appalachian way to do it. And while our net debt at year-end will be a function of when we elect to close the sale and that’s what is dependent on kind of some of tax issues we have. It would be more beneficial to close the sale of the Appalachian property. So, what I would say is we view our net debt as… where is out net debt going to stand at the end of the first quarter ’08 and because we may or may now close the before April 31. So, we are trying to target net debt ratio in a range of about 13%. We think would be in the range of about 13%, if we close the sale by year-end. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: What is your tax bases in those Appalachian asset you are selling? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it’s fairly low. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Unfortunately. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Great. Thanks Mark. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ted Zot [ph] with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst - Bear Stearns: Yes. Hi, good morning everybody. Thanks for the call. This may sound a little surprising coming from a debt analyst but when I look at your debt-to-capital 12% which is rally strong, obviously and your stock price. I guess the question comes from… would you guys think about taking other actions to help boost this stock price other than just implement your plan which is sort of what we are hearing on the call today? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, getting to more conceptual of discussion here… we have got… long-term plan is not to keep our debt at these extremely under geared levels. It’s kind of an open secret that we are pursuing horizontal drilling opportunities in places like Appalachia and Canada that we have previously disclosed and other places also looking for big accumulations and we are keeping the debt low because if indeed we find some of these we are going to have to essentially startup funding to get those plays off the ground. And that we will do that with internal funding we certainly would be issuing equity or anything so than that would likely raise the debt-to-cap into the low 20 range, perhaps until we get these plays running until they became self funding. The backup plan on that would be that if indeed we are not successful on finding any of these huge new shale gas plays and we conclude that they just don’t exists out there. And it is certainly a strong consideration that we would use some of that balance sheet to just do share buyback. 
Unidentified Analyst - Bear Stearns: All right. What sort of the timeframe again on… I mean you might have said again here on those big plays in terms of when you would know? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we will… we are probably within…. 2008 will be a critical year on that. 
Unidentified Analyst - Bear Stearns: Okay. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Its not years away. And while we are on the subject of some of these bigger plays, I will make one comment I will make one comment, we I will just preempt the question that is almost certainly to be asked before I get off the Q&A here, someone is going to ask us about these big plays, about some of them like a West Texas play. We always get a question about Culberson County and ever since after November analyst meeting last year, I purposely downplay Culberson County. I said that was one of our lowest ranked plays. Then on our last earnings call, I also significantly down stated just so we don't get any questions on it, I will tell you that we have disposed on our acreage in Culberson County, simply because we felt that that one did not meet the criteria that had set up to be a successful play. So, hopefully that will preempt any future questions on that. 
Unidentified Analyst - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from John Herrlin with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Three quick ones. Loren, with the Bakken, do you have the dolomitic zone? And also from what Mark was saying, it sounds like you have similar organic and thermal maturity compared to say the Montana side. So, this is really a completion difference for the results you are giving, or what are the sweet spots? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Yes, John that’s the big question in whole play. And that’s the competitive advantage that we currently hold is it by drilling these dozens plus wells that we drilled on that side and taking a lot of core work and doing a lot of work with 3-D. We feel like we understand what those sweet spots are but we are going to keep that under our vest for today, certainly. I would say that they are structural aspects, there are stratigraphic aspects of that, that we feel like we understand. We are in the middle zone, John and you got the shale above and a shale below that are fantastic oil source rocks, maybe 20, 30 feet thick each. And then you have got the middle Bakken between those two, which is where all that oil is going and that is the zone that we are targeting. It has various lithologies and that’s part of the trick and that’s why we are going to keep it close to our chest right now. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That’s fine. One for Mark. You said that traditionally as you pointed out, you have been kind of hard asset light, in terms of your development strategies for infill plays and now you are adding more GTPM assets. Kind of on a going forward spend basis, how much do you think GTPM would be of the total budget? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What's the acronym? 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Gathering Transmission Processing that you were talking about? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It will be probably something like… 5% or so… 5% to 10% John, something like that. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last one from me is kind of the devil's advocate question. You are delivering differential growth; you are spending your cash flow which isn’t giving you much incremental cash flow gain, especially, in a lower price environment. Are you safe with any sort of lease exploration issues to keep drilling so aggressively the prices are going to stay weak? And also regarding hedging, how high would you hedge or what kind of volumes would you hedge in total? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, on the hedging question, we said we target 30% to 35% but we would… for example, if we got some price spike or so, we would go up to maybe 45% or maybe up to 50% on natural gas. In terms of lease exploration question, the only area where we have a lease exploration issues that would… is in the Barnett, where we have roughly the 600,000 acres. So, it’s a situation there where we could not just stop drilling into Barnett. There are lot of our acreage would indeed fall apart but in other areas if we chose to and for example places like our new Uinta Basin, we could easily slowdown there and not worry about leases going apart, if we didn’t like the gas price scenario, the way into ’09 or whatever. So, we have flexibility in certain of our areas to ramp-up or slowdown. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: What's the average term in the Barnett that’s in expiration susceptible near-term? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the typical least term there is between three and five years. So, we… this year, we plan on drilling roughly about 400 wells. Next year we will plan on drilling about 500 wells. And that’s also the highest reinvestment rate of return gas asset we have in the Company. So, that’s probably the last place we turn off for a couple of reasons. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, John. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Adam O'Laughlin with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Adam O'Laughlin - BMO Capital Markets: My question ahs been answered. Thank you. 
Operator: We will move to David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead. 
David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: Good morning. And Bakken sounds like you are finding fractures that are both generated by hydrocarbon generation and structural fractures. Is that fair for the sweet spot that a fair characterization. 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: David, I would not dissuade you from that or confirm it. I think, as we said a minutes ago, the sweet spot gain is both structural and stratigraphic and it’s something we are not willing to comment on it. But it’s an active play with active leasing going on. 
David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: We shouldn’t think of only structural needs but off the thing other reasons that fractures will be generated across your acreage? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: It’s a complex problem. Its one that we put a lot of work into on both sides of the basis, a lot of core work and a lot of geochemistry. And we feel like we have a better understating of that and maybe some others and we would like to keep it. 
David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: That’s fair enough. I am thinking about the strategy of EOG… sounds like you are wanting to get a little more oily. Focusing operations in each region, a little more on oil. Would we expect over the next 12 to 18 months to see more oil projects coming up at analyst day, Mark, is that a fair way to think about things? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It’s really hard to find oil in North America. That’s the issue. I think we may have… with this horizontal drilling we may have found a pretty sweet oil project in North Dakota. The question is how big it is. We basically think right now its 60 million barrels net which basically what I believe is we got 60 million barrels net of 100% rate of return project in North Dakota. And I will stack that up on a net basis again to some of these deepwater discoveries that people are touting which probably will turn out to be 5% to 10% after tax rate of returns when clear away the smoke and mirrors. Whether we can find more these with horizontal drilling in the onshore U.S we are looking for that’s all I can say. But I wouldn’t say that it’s going to be a radical shift away from our gas weighting but it will be more of an at the margin shift, really David. 
David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: Okay. And kind of thinking about if you could snap your fingers and obviously, you can’t change oil and gas weighting, so this is very rhetorical, and would want to be higher oil weighting today. I mean your gas macro sounded more negative than I have heard in a while, just wanted to think about that a little bit. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would… I am still bullish on the gas side. But when I look at things right, if I can find more of these 100% rate of return projects, that’s even better than the Barnett. So, I will take some of those on the gas macro side, I think where we are looking at is that we have to face up. The Barnett, I think by itself is powering some of this supply growth in North America and the supply growth in North America has surprised. And I didn’t think it would be as robust as we are seeing but I still think we have got a generally bullish story for North American gas albeit it’s probably in the less bullish than I would have said a year ago. 
David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: All right. I appreciate the comments. Thanks. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Allman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Yes. Hi everybody. In terms of the North Dakota Bakken, I know you don’t want to say a whole lot, but I missed some of your earlier comments. But the two main areas where you are finding success, I would both of those be east of the Nesson Anticline? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Yes, Joe they are both east. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. And with the… it sounds like your completion technique that you have transferred within the Barnett is a big help here. Do you… some of the stuff that’s west of the Nesson Anticline that doesn’t seem to have the natural fractures in where industry has not had success in North Dakota. Do you think you might be able to take the completion techniques and make that part work, or do you have any interest over there? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: I would say not currently. We are looking at the entire basins again from an overall geochemical point of view and stratigraphic and structural point of view. Just looking at the whole piece and we like where we are. We think the southwest side where the big Elm Coulee field was discovered a few years ago, obviously worked very well and we think the flank that we are on now will work very well, also. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. And then again, your ability to and your desire to get more acreage, you think it becomes more acreage as they move forward? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: Yes. I think we will be picking up additional acreage as we move forward. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. And then the completed well costs. In your presentation you are saying $5.25 million just I guess that’s a gross number, confirm that. And then have recent wells been better than that? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: We… yes, we think that within six months we would probably be in a $5 million average maybe and maybe beat that but for right now these $5.25 million and you get that ridiculously low direct finding costs we quoted to you there… or was it 750 in all. And that’s pretty good number; of course, we will try to beat it. But that’s a pretty awesome number there. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Sure. And I understand. Can you give me your average working interest and net revenue interest over there? 
Loren M. Leiker - Senior Executive Vice President, Exploration: I think overall in that whole play, it’s probably going to average maybe 75%, 80% working interest, net revenue interest. And net revenue interest will probably be 80%, 85% of that number. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. That’s helpful. And Mark you spoke fairly strongly about not doing MLP, can you just give the reasons for that? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We just feel that if you do an in house E&P, MLP you are just creating a potential conflict that may bring on subsequent litigation there is one thing and to try and apportion assets of supposedly with no upside and put them in one pot and then assets with upside in another pot. And second thing is just the fact that the MLP, which is by nature a declining asset, and then having that tied to a commodity price which is very volatile. And then having the attempt to commit to the purchaser of the MLP that you are going to give that person an ever-increasing dividend stream, if you will. That’s something we probably don't want to get involved with. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. Are taxes and kind of potential changes in the laws an issue for you as well? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean, that’s something we have to look at, but we didn’t think it’s kind of inherently something we just… the other two items that quarter probably more critical in our minds as to why we wouldn't want to do. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay, it’s helpful. And then ex-Barnett from the gas side, do you have any disappointing results that cause a little shortfall there? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it’s just a more of a redirection of capital away from gas in the second half and towards the oil. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. And what taxes… if anything after selling the Culberson County, do you have anything left over there? And previously talked about going to have a sweet spot and also I guess there is… I thought may be a bit more time in fact, before we really knew the result over there? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Joe that’s true. In our conference last year we did mentioned that we have two separate plays there, the other one in West Texas where we have 32,000 net acres at that point. And we thought that was may be about a 400 Bcf kind of opportunity. And that one is still cooking off. We still do not have results to talk about there, but it is still an active play for us. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. Can you talk for that either? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry, we can’t. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. And lastly… and maybe you did this earlier and I apologize. But the horizontal Wolfcamp, can you give a little update there? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that just one of our active plays out there that was kind of our bread and butter plays in that area. Again, we are running couple of rigs out there but we have always says that’s… that is a play that is a steady play for us. It’s working, but it’s not one that we are trying to bang the drum over it because it’s not one that’s going to make or a break company. But its kind of steady play, we are running two rigs and making decent money at. 
Joseph Allman - JP Morgan: Okay, very helpful. Thanks for your comment. 
Operator: We will take our next question from John Mansfield with SAC Capital. Please go ahead. 
John Mansfield - SAC Capital: Yes. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the Uinta. Have you drilled and tested in the Uinta at this point yes? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, John we… 
John Mansfield - SAC Capital: I mean the Manco Shale have you tested that? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have drilled Manco Shale well or two and we are involving with another operator there testing the Mancos. I would say that we are not convinced at this point, it’s a nationwide kind of play, but certainly they are appears to be some sweet spots to Mancos and we will continue to try to evaluate that play. 
John Mansfield - SAC Capital: All right. And can you give us any indication about the rate for those well? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it’s a little early to do that. I mean, really most of our activity in the Mancos has been non-operated and we would preferred to be operated or handle it. 
John Mansfield - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Marshall Carver with Pickering Energy. Please go ahead. 
Marshall Carver - Pickering Energy: Yes, just one quick question. How many wells per rigs per year in the Bakken? What should our expectation to be there? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably 10 wells per year per rig. 
Marshall Carver - Pickering Energy: Okay. That’s it for me. Thank you. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. 
Operator: We will take a follow-up question from Gil Yang with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Hi. I would just ask one question about Culberson to more of that broader question. In your divestiture at Culberson, was that a decision based on the feeling that that would never work? Or it was a more of an issue that you didn’t have the time and manpower to spend on it? And in another words you able to testing that you had other thing to do that were more promising? 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It’s a latter Gil. Just on our priority list the shale plays we were working. We just had others that look more promising. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Mr. Papa, I will turn the conference back to you for closing comments. 
Mark G. Papa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We just want to thanks everyone for participating in the call. And we will talk to everyone three months from now. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today’s conference call. We do thank you for your participation. And you may disconnect at this time.
