===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the EQT Q1 2025 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Just a reminder, this call is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Cameron Horwitz, Managing Director of Investor Relations & Strategy. Cameron, please go ahead.
Cameron Horwitz : Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2025 earnings results conference call. With me today are Toby Rice, President & Chief Executive Officer, and Jeremy Knop, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Toby and Jeremy will present their prepared remarks with a question-and-answer session to follow. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of today's call will be available on our website beginning this evening. I would like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results and future events could materially differ from these forward-looking statements, because of the factors described in yesterday's earnings release and our investor presentation, the risk factor section of our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Today's call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our most recent earnings release and investor presentation for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. With that, I will turn the call over to Toby.
Toby Rice : Thanks, Cam, and good morning, everyone. 2025 is off to an exceptional start at EQT with the first quarter generating the strongest financial results in recent company history. Production was at the high end of guidance due to robust well performance and minimal winter impact. Thanks to the proactive collaboration between our upstream and midstream teams. We tactically surged our production by 300 million cubic feet per day during the quarter by opening chokes into strong winter demand, and capitalized on robust Appalachia pricing, driving our corporate differential $0.16 tighter than expectations. Our differentiated strategy of curtailing volumes during periods of oversupply and surging production during higher price environments underscores our capital-efficient approach to maximizing value amid price volatility and was a key driver behind this quarter's record-setting performance. Operating expenses and capital spending during the quarter were below the low end of guidance as efficiencies and synergies continued to outperform expectations. These stellar results drove more than $1 billion of free cash flow during the quarter, with natural gas prices averaging just $3.65 per million Btu. This level of free cash flow generation is nearly 2 times consensus free cash flow estimates of the next closest natural gas producer and underscores the differentiated earnings power of our low-cost integrated platform. These results are a tangible demonstration of the impact of our strategic decisions over the past several years, creating a peerless natural gas business that generates durable free cash flow during down cycles, while also having the greatest ability to capture upside pricing. Shifting gears, we announced our agreement for the highly accretive bolt-on acquisition of Olympus Energy's upstream and midstream assets for $1.8 billion, comprised of 26 million shares and $500 million of cash. The purchase price equates to an attractive 3.4 times adjusted EBITDA multiple and a 15% unlevered free cash flow yield at strip pricing on average over the next three years. We forecast three-year cumulative free cash flow per share accretion of 4% to 8% from the acquisition at natural gas prices ranging from $2.50 to $5 per million Btu. The Olympus assets comprise a vertically integrated contiguous 90,000 net acre position offsetting EQT's acreage in Southwest Appalachia with net production of approximately 500 million cubic feet per day. The assets are positioned adjacent to several proposed power generation projects in the region, providing potential strategic value upside through future gas supply deals. The EQT position has over 10 years of core Marcellus inventory, assuming maintenance activity levels, with an additional seven years of upside from the Utica. The integrated nature of Olympus' assets and high-quality inventory drives an unlevered free cash flow breakeven price that is comparable to EQT's peer-leading cost structure. Pro form a for the Olympus transaction, year-end 2025 net debt at recent strip pricing is forecast to be approximately $7 billion. The deal is modestly deleveraging from a credit metric perspective, with pro form a 2025 net debt to adjusted EBITDA dropping by 0.1 time at recent strip pricing. We expect the transaction to close in early Q3 and plan to issue pro form a guidance as part of our second quarter earnings. Turning to our 2025 forecast, we continue to capture synergies from the Equitrans acquisition, with actions taken to date resulting in approximately $360 million of annual savings, an increase of $85 million relative to our last update, driven by CapEx savings and system and receipt point optimization. We have now captured 85% of guided total synergies and see the potential for ongoing initiatives to drive upside beyond our original forecast. Importantly, these synergy numbers do not include the upside optionality created through integration that has allowed us to beat our differential guidance three quarters in a row, which represents additional value creation beyond our stated synergies. With robust synergy capture, ongoing operational efficiencies and strong well performance, we are raising our full year production outlook by 25 Bcfe, while simultaneously lowering the midpoint of 2025 capital spending guidance by $25 million, both of which are prior to the impact of Olympus. It's worth noting our updated 2025 volume guidance is roughly in line with our maintenance production prior to the sale of our Northeast PA non-operated assets last year, which means efficiency gains asset outperformance, and the repressuring of wells from our curtailment strategy have backfilled nearly half a BCF a day of production in 2025, all while reducing capital spending and activity levels. This illustrates the tremendous momentum we've experienced at EQT over the past 12 months, and we see no signs of slowing down as we look ahead. As we continue to de-risk our balance sheet, we expect to steadily grow our base dividend and position to opportunistically and counter-cyclically repurchase shares. We have built a solid foundation underpinned by a peer-leading cost structure, which drives durable free cash flow generation. The next leg of our strategy is built on the dual pillars of reducing cash flow risk and creating pathways for sustainable cash flow growth. Achievement of these two goals should result in both greater through-cycle free cash flow generation and a higher trading multiple driving differentiated shareholder value creation. As it relates to organic growth, we have a rapidly expanding pipeline of in-basin demand opportunities, which could provide us with the option to sustainably grow both our midstream and upstream businesses to serve these new facilities. Recent media reports of sizable gas-fired power generation and data center projects in Appalachia substantiate our expectations for 6 to 7 BCF per day of local demand growth by 2030. We are in discussions with roughly a dozen proposed power projects in the region for midstream and firm gas supply solutions, and CEQT exceptionally well positioned to capitalize on this setup given our production scale inventory duration, world-class infrastructure, investment-grade credit ratings, and low emissions credentials. As these discussions mature, we have significant supply flexibility thanks to our nearly 2 Bcf per day of gross production sold locally in Appalachia. This provides volumes that we can redirect into attractive firm supply arrangements, while creating a longer-term growth option to partially or fully backfill this production. This opens up a differentiated avenue for EQT to address sustainable production growth directly linked to end-user demand. I'd like to remind everyone that even before any in-basin supply arrangements, EQT already has a significant realized pricing tailwind from the firm sales deals we signed with the major southeastern utilities at the end of 2023. These deals are the main driver behind the upcoming tightening of our corporate gas price differential, which is forecasted to drop from around $0.60 this year to around $0.30 in 2028. This means that EQT is projected to have a $600 million pretax annual free cash flow tailwind at a time when we believe many of our peers will see free cash flow margin degradation due to core inventory exhaustion. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Knop : Thanks, Toby. Our stellar first quarter results and more than $1 billion of free cash flow generated during the quarter drove significant delevering of our balance sheet. We exited the quarter with $8.1 billion of net debt, down from $9.1 billion at year-end 2024, and $13.7 billion at the end of the third quarter. We tendered for approximately $750 million of notes during the quarter and completed a successful exchange offer for outstanding EQM midstream notes, which simplifies our balance sheet and reporting requirements moving forward. As Toby mentioned, the accretive acquisition of Olympus Energy's upstream and midstream assets accelerates our delivering plan as proforma net debt increases by 6%, while free cash flow increases by 8%, thus enhancing our debt-to-free cash flow metrics. The acquisition has an immaterial impact on our absolute debt balance as we forecast exiting the year at $7 billion of net debt on a pro forma basis. We continue to target $5 billion of net debt on a medium-term basis and at recent strip pricing, forecast achieving this goal by the middle of 2026. Turning to hedging, rapid delivering positioned us to add no incremental hedges during the quarter, and we remain unhedged in 2026 and beyond. Our position at the low end of the cost curve acts as a structural hedge, which in turn facilitates unmatched exposure to high-priced scenarios by limiting our need to financially hedge. Instead of defensively hedging, we can now patiently look for opportunities to capture asymmetric skew in the options market, which positions EQT to realize higher-than-average gas prices through the cycle. Turning to the macro, amid the risk-off sentiment sweeping through the markets, I want to share some thoughts on the natural gas macro landscape, which is positioned as a safe haven with strengthening fundamentals. We have talked for some time about the natural gas market being structurally tighter than pricing indicated due to the successive bearish events of LNG facilities going down in warm winters. Despite consensus thinking that this past winter was particularly cold, as measured by heating degree days, winter was in fact in line with the 10-year average and inventory balances have tightened rapidly. Importantly, this occurred on the eve of a step change increase in LNG demand in 2025 and 2026. On the supply side, we believe U.S. Gas production needs to exit 2025 near 108 Bcf per day and approach 114 Bcf a day by the end of 2026. Given current production levels in the 104 Bcf to 105 Bcf per day range, we need to see a rapid increase in activity levels and production or pricing will reset significantly higher to suppress demand in balanced inventories. Our assumption has been that half of this growth would come from associated gas in the Permian and half from growth in the Haynesville. However, OPEC has decided to once again defend market share and start bringing back near record level of spare capacity, sending oil prices toward the 50s at the same time the trade war broke out. At this price level, we expect to see a slowdown in Permian activity and other less economic oil basins shifting to decline. Meanwhile, in the Haynesville, we still have not seen activity pick up and believe any activity additions will be disproportionately impacted by tariff-driven inflation. Thus, we are increasingly uncertain as to where this required production growth will come from in such a short time in our increasingly bullish gas prices. On the demand side of the equation, we do not expect notable disruptions from recent macro events. As a reminder, natural gas demand is primarily driven by winter heating, power demand, industrial demand in LNG and pipeline exports and has a negligible correlation to macroeconomic demand cycles. Looking back at a worst-case scenario from 2020, industrial demand declined by less than one Bcf per day or less than 1% of total demand, and we don't believe a modest recession would have nearly the demand impact as COVID. Further, we do not expect any impact to LNG exports in the medium term due to low inventory levels in Europe and thus expect exports to flow at full capacity. We are also observing a faster-than-expected ramp-up from the new Plaquemines LNG facility, which is operating above nameplate capacity. If this outperformance continues and Golden Pass comes online before year-end in accordance with Exxon's guidance. And as recent FERC filings indicate as possible, substantially more production will be required to keep 2026 in balance. All told, we are a more bullish medium-term gas prices today than we were last quarter. During risk cost periods like we've seen recently, the market has trouble distinguishing signal from noise. However, we are convinced that when the dust settles and the fundamental picture becomes more clear, natural gas prices are positioned to move materially higher, particularly in 2026. The longer this macro and certainty remains, and the slower the activity response, the more bullish we become. To wrap it up is demonstrated through our record-breaking results. We continue to deliver on our promises, tangibly proving the power of our integrated platform and the unique earnings power of our business in all market cycles. Our ability to quickly adapt to market conditions and a capital-efficient manner, while concurrently driving operational efficiencies, is fueling outsized free cash flow generation. Looking ahead, we see a clear path for sustained momentum and continuing to create differentiated value for shareholders. With that, I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Doug, please go ahead.
Doug Leggate : Hey, good morning, guys. Nice to embarrass everyone in the free cash flow number. So, thanks for that, but congrats on a strong quarter. I have two unrelated questions if I may. Toby, first, I'm addressing it to you. It might be Jeremy wants to answer this, but on Olympus, big equity component, 1% dividend yield, so cheap way of doing the deal from a cash outflow standpoint. But I'm curious what it does to your levered break even to the extent you can offer any color on post-deal sustaining capital and what that how you see the lever break even today. Obviously, we're all watching your progress towards debt reduction. So that's my first one. I've got a follow-up, please.
Toby Rice : Yes, Doug, I think it's a great question, because you can see deals get printed and show strong financial accretion. But I think what's really exciting about the Olympus deal is we're seeing that accretion and doing it with a high-quality asset that has a cost structure that's equivalent to EQTs. We think that's really special about this and what makes a good deal on the accretion numbers a great deal for our shareholders in the long term. So, we're really excited about that set-up and being able to get that print.
Jeremy Knop : Doug, in terms of specifics, I would say, it doesn't really have an impact on the unlevered number. It's modestly de-levering, as you noted, due to the equity component. It marginally improves that. But on a levered basis, we see that the break-even at about $2.35 for 2025.
Doug Leggate : Guys, just a, a quick follow-up, Toby, if I may, when you were comparing it to QP, would that also apply to the inventory depth? You guys have got 20 years, you've talked about. What does Olympus look like?
Toby Rice : Yes, so we've underwritten. Basically, just the Marcellus. So, the Utica out there is all upside. And so, we think that that's going to be more of the longer-term play that would get an inventory depth sort of on par with what we're carrying here. But we didn't describe any value to it in underwriting this deal. And it's something that we'll work on over time. But this is directly adjacent to some of the Utica activity, not just that the Olympus team has done, they've done a handful of wells, but some of the other activity by other operators right there. So, I mean, there's some things to get excited about, with the deeper Utica in this area, and we think that will pull inventory levels up, for the longer term.
Doug Leggate : Thanks. Thanks for that. My follow-up, Jeremy, is definitely for you. It's pricing strategy. The reason for the question is we obviously saw T5 and other regional hubs blow out in the quarter, and you guys obviously have got a lot of you've got some constraints over how you allocate bid to be versus spot. So, I'm just curious as the balance sheet improves, as you own the obviously, you own the midstream now, you can allocate things a little differently. What are you thinking? Is there any reason to think consider whether you would change that bid week versus spot mix in your gas? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, it's an interesting question. So, a lot of times we elect a first a month because our financial hedges effectively settle against that first a month price. So, for example, if you're 50% hedged, you probably want to have at least 50% of your production settled first a month to pair that up. As we move to a position where we are hedged less due to the fact that we do have the midstream cash flows and as our leverage drops lower and lower, we'll have a lot more flexibility to sell more into the dailies. And we change that seasonally. So, when you think about this past quarter and some of the winter storms that came through, the amount of value you can capture selling in the daily price market is pretty material. That's what you saw surge production into in the first quarter. So, I think we'll have a lot more flexibility to do that, but that's really enabled by as a core having the midstream foundational assets and the stability of cash flow, which then allows us to hedge less, which then gives us that flexibility. So, I think the opportunity is increasing.
Unidentified Analyst: Great stuff. Thanks, so much guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley. Devin, please go ahead. Devin, your line is now open.
Devin McDermott: Can you hear me? Sorry about that. So, I wanted to ask first, just building a bit on the M&A strategy and Toby, you want to kind of think back at your tenure as CEO, you've built EQT into a premier gas company, as you framed it in your opening remarks, peerless. It's been through a mix of organic improvement and strategic M&A. And I think one of the impacts of the strong portfolio you have right now is it raises the bar on any incremental acquisitions. So, beyond just Olympus, I guess the question is probably both for you, Toby and Jeremy, is what strategic and financial boxes need to be checked for further M&A? And kind of how are you viewing EQT's role in additional consolidation from here?
Toby Rice : Yes, Devin, I think for us, I mean, our track record, I think we've been very consistent. I think we'll continue to be consistent. And you're right, the bar has gotten higher. And I think for us, we're looking at value. And I'd say on the other hand, we're looking at just the power of the platform. I mean, we are demonstrating an edge here, but we could be patient, and we've got a great business that we're focused on. And it's one of the reasons why we want to highlight, like our success has not been purely from the strategic M&A that we've done. We've transformed the operating model of this business. You're seeing us flex the asset base and continue to see operational efficiency gains. That momentum is going to continue, and it's going to continue to give us the ability to have opportunities in the future, just working this current asset base we have that we are pretty excited about.
Jeremy Knop: Devin, a lot of it just comes down to that North Star. We always talk about which is cost structure. And that's one of the unique things about Olympus, just that integrated model and actually really high-quality wells out there, that allows us to maintain the integrity of what we've always focused on and do it in a really value-accretive manner. And do it in a way that preserves our balance sheet strength and, in this case, actually improved our leverage metrics on the margin. So, I wish there were more opportunities like that. There's just fewer and fewer. So, I think it's going to be pretty hard for us to find much going forward. But look, we're always active. We're looking -- we continue to be focused on Appalachia. And if there's a way to create outsized shareholder value by taking a strategic action, I think we're always interested in that. It's just becoming difficult because the opportunities have mostly been picked up.
Devin McDermott: Yes. That makes a lot of sense. And then I wanted to shift and ask about the in-basin demand opportunity. Toby, I think you mentioned you're currently in discussion on dozen different in-basin demand sources and gas sales opportunities. I was wondering if you could characterize these in a bit more detail, like size, timeline, how you're thinking about potential contract structure and also whether or not you're still affecting that for announcement in 2025?
Toby Rice : Yes. I mean, Doug, I think it's even -- I think it's important, yes, sorry, Devin. I think it's important just to step back and just look at the dynamics that have taken place in this country. I mean -- and this is what's driving a lot of in-basin demand. We've had over 5 Bcf a day of pipeline projects that have been blocked, canceled or posed that would have taken low-cost, reliable, clean Appalachia gas and deliver it to other parts in the country. And so, you see the market opportunity for more natural gas and without these pipelines, that in-basin demand is going to grow. And that's what we're seeing. And specifically, on the power generation front, one of those pipelines, was Atlantic Coast Pipeline, got blocked. That would have taken gas into data center ally for the build-out. Well, without that pipeline, people that want that power are going to move back closer to basis into our basin. So, I mean that's the high-level theme that's taking place. What that's translating for us, obviously, I think EQT is well-positioned just with the sprawl of our acreage position. We've got a lot of shots on goal. So, we've got a lot of conversations that are taking place right now. This Olympus transaction positions us even closer to some of those opportunities. So, we're excited about seeing how that could potentially translate to optimizing gas delivery to some of these opportunities. These are deals that take a lot of people putting it together. We're still confident that it's going to -- we're going to have something by this year. We've got a lot of conversations happening, but it's going to take some time to put these through.
Devin McDermott: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Arun, please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, gentlemen.
Toby Rice : Good morning.
Jeremy Knop: Good morning.
Arun Jayaram: Quick question here. Toby, there's a lot you control as an E&P company, but ultimately, you're a price taker. And so, I wanted to see if you could maybe address some of the benefits to EQT from having conversations with, call it, data center kind of counterparties. From their standpoint, I could see the benefit of a guarantee of supply -- supply surety. Just wondering if you may help us think about some of the benefits to EQT from doing clinical data center deal. Obviously, it probably helped local basis, but what are the opportunity sets from a marketing standpoint to benefit your margins?
Toby Rice : Yes. So, I think it's important for everybody to understand in a world where it's energy short and you're planning on building billions and billions of dollars in these data centers, having security of supply is critical. And that's what's having people come and look to go full path on their energy solutions, not just by natural gas on the spot market. So that's what's creating the opportunity for us to come in and talk. But I'd say the -- what are we looking to deliver. I mean, these are competitive situations. There's going to be lots of options for EQT to be successful. We have to provide the best combination of cost, reliability and carbon footprint of the emissions associated with that energy. We're certainly very well positioned. Our location is in proximity to some of these opportunities, I think it's tough to replicate. And what will that ultimately will translate to, I think, will be opportunities like we've already shown the ability to capture. The deal we did back in '23, which will really start hitting in '27, '28 with MVP of the tail pipe. I mean, as an example, I mean it will be just -- I would look at it simply as just an uplift to just selling our gas locally. And we've got, call it, around a couple of Bcf a day of gas that's already flowing above ground being sold in basin. That's an amount of gas that's ready today, that our commercial team is using to connect to some of these opportunities, and then we will have a decision strategically whether we want to backfill those volumes that we supply and that will create the opportunity for us to get sustainable growth. So, it's really an exciting opportunity, not just for the margin enhancements we can get, but also triggering the sustainable growth opportunities for our massive inventory base.
Arun Jayaram: Great. That's super helpful. Maybe my follow-up is maybe, Jeremy, Slide 11, you highlighted the ability for your basis differentials to narrow by $0.30, $600 million uplift. Can you give us a sense of maybe break that out between what portion of that is just from M2 tightening versus the benefits or uplift from the long-term sales agreements?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, it's a great question. So, if you think about the $600 million that Toby mentioned in some of the prepared remarks, that -- about half of that is coming from those sales deals and the other half is coming from these in-basin dynamics, what you're seeing on the forward curve right now. So, I'd call half of that more or less contractually locked in, and the other half just due to these fundamentals that we keep talking about.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes, thanks so much. Toby, Jeremy, for the comments. We agree with your view that the front month the gas curve looks a little oversold here. One of the questions that we've been getting is how you think about what that marginal molecule cost curve is? And if we ultimately need to price the Haynesville, how do you think about the price breakeven of it? I'm curious if you guys have done some work around that. And is there a scenario where you need to actually price through non-core Haynesville and go hires. Just your framework as you think about the upside of the volatility being?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. We spent a lot of time on that. I saw your team put out a note last night on that, too, Neil. Look, I think our view is that with the dwindling inventory in the Haynesville, and some of the more recent wells have much less productive results than what we saw a couple of years ago, that's at least in the mid-4s. And with the volatility you're seeing in the market right now, and even really over the last 1.5 months, seeing how much pricing swings around. I think the bar to make that capital allocation decision towards growth where you don't see the return on those dollars for the past 2 years. I think you need to see the back end of the curve rise more to really incentivize that. And you're just out there yet. I mean, CAL26 right now is just over $4, and you're seeing CAL27. From our perspective, I don't think that's nearly enough to get the level of activity back that's required to meet some of these demand growth estimates and what's effectively lock these LNG exports. So -- look, that's why we're being patient in terms of how we think about hedging if we hedge it all. Near term, it's really about balancing the March '26 inventory balance in different winter scenarios. But then beyond that, as you get into 2026 unless you see that activity response and take production volumes materially higher. I think the market just gets upside down pretty quick. And it takes a little while, as you well know, between activity coming back and that production showing up. So, I think if we go a couple of more months and we don't see a material increase, it's almost going to get -- it's going to become too late. And you almost crystalline that bullish inflection in 2026, where you kind of -- you have to hope winners warm to keep the market balanced.
Neil Mehta: All right. That's helpful. And as you think about the production that we've seen out of Appalachia to start the year, it has come in a little probably faster than some people expected. And I'd be curious, as you think about the production path for the U.S. from here, particularly in the base that you operate in? And was that just a pull forward in response to strong pricing and we stabilize production from here, so demand catches up and then we drive inventory?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I would characterize it the same way you just did. I think it's a bit of a pull forward. But I think for the next 2 quarters at least. We don't see that growing much beyond where it's at, certainly in the Northeast. I think it's easy to extrapolate where you're at. I think what we're seeing every single year, it's funny to be like we have this conversation year after year. You see Northeast product surge in the winter and then it comes back off at some point in Q2. Due to some of the deferred tills and DUCs, you probably have more of a flat scenario, but -- again, I don't see that rising beyond where it is today. So again, it just kind of underpins part of the reason we're so constructive in addition to what's happening on the liquid side of the space right now. I think we said this in the prepared remarks, but half the volume we assumed was coming from the Haynesville in terms of growth and half from the Permian. It is harder and harder for us to see that showing up in the time frame you needed to show up. '25 and '26 is really is -- it's a unique time period because you do have that step change increase in demand so quickly. And you normally never have events like that, and it's just -- it's very hard for production to keep up at that rapid of a pace. So, in the same way in 2023 and '24, you didn't have enough demand and you had enough supply, that's going to flip on you and put the market into undersupplied scenario pretty quickly. So again, we think that macro backdrop is really attractive. And if we're sitting here having the same conversation 3 months from now, on our Q2 earnings call, is going to feel like, I think, in our view, how we model it, like it's a little too late and you're really crystallizing that bullish setup in 2026.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kalei Akamine with Bank of America. Kalei, please go ahead.
Kalei Akamine: Good morning, guys. I've got two follow-ups, both on Olympus here. I guess, first, a good deal. We think it's accretive on multiple measures, and the industrial logic is there. Maybe first, can you talk a little bit about Olympus Midstream. We understand that business is integrated in the upstream and the midstream. Wondering if there are any opportunities to link that system into Equitrans? So differently, are there any synergies from linking into Equitrans? And do you see any compression opportunities which have been a big driver of gains in your legacy assets?
Toby Rice : Yes. So great question. And the answer is yes, we will be looking to tie this midstream system into our Equitrans base set of pipes we got out there. I mean I think the picture on Slide 10 just shows the proximity that we've got there. So that will definitely create opportunities for us to optimize delivery points. I think the thing that's most interesting, though, is going to be seeing how we can leverage this asset base to service some new in-basin demand opportunities that we're working with. So that certainly would be a nice synergy upside, however you want to categorize it. But we'll be looking -- our midstream team will be looking to maximize value from this asset base we have here.
Kalei Akamine: Got it. The second one is, we looked at the legacy Olympus wells and their well design looks a little bit different than yours, in fact, very different. Can you talk about whether you're making any upside in from your own best practices onto the Olympics assets?
Toby Rice : Yes. No, we've been pretty conservative in our underwriting type curves here. So, there will be opportunities for us to tweak the well designs, but that is not factored into our math right now. So, things like well spacing and some of the completion intensity may be some tweaks, that would be considered upside.
Kalei Akamine: Got it. Thank you, Toby.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Roger, please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Good morning. A lot of the big stuff has been hit here. But I think one of the questions we get kind of consistently is what are the out-of-basin opportunities that were not necessarily thinking of front page, but we should consider? I know long time we've talked about LNG in the Northeast. That seems unlikely. But what are some of the other opportunities we should be paying attention to there?
Toby Rice : Well, I think it's just important to note, like we've got, I think, the hottest trend happening in our backyard with the power gen. I mean a lot of the focus on LNG was really driven by the fact that, that was the big source of demand for natural gas. But now we've got a more bullish opportunity happening in our backyard with this AI data center thing. So, I mean, I would say I'd be focusing on that, that's certainly where we're spending most of our time.
Roger Read: Appreciate that. The other question I have, you've done a lot of acquisitions. There have been some dispositions along the way, maybe a little premature with Olympus here. But are there things we should think about that will be paired at different times to bring a little more focus to the operations? Obviously, as you get the opportunity to really review everything, determine what is truly low cost and advantage within your portfolio. But is that part of the process we should presume? Or is there still just a lot more to grow within the Marcellus that we should -- in other words, it's too early to be taking any steps back?
Jeremy Knop: Roger, it's a good question. We're always looking at that. I think our divestitures of our non-op interest last year in those two transactions are a tangible example of that. And there's a number of things that we're always evaluating as a way to just continue to refocus on our core asset base and reallocate capital to what generates the highest returns. So, we're not going to talk about specifics at this time, but there's always things that we are looking at like the non-op last year. And I think that will be a continuous thing that we explore as we grow the business, it's not all about growth and acquisitions. It's just simply about reallocating capital to maximize shareholder value.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jake Roberts with TPH. Jake, please go ahead.
Jacob Roberts: Good morning. Start out with on the increase of the third-party revenue guidance relative to last quarter. If you could speak a little bit about what's driving that as well as if you see the update as kind of the upper bound on the potential?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So, one of the things that we've done, it's effectively counting reallocation to some of what we had captured in the gathering line item before has been reallocated to that revenue line item, just a little bit more consistent apples-to-apple. And if you look back to how Equitrans accounted for that as well, is more consistent there, too. So that's effectively what's going on. But I wouldn't say it's a fundamental change in the business.
Jacob Roberts: Okay. Great. And then as a second question, maybe a follow-up to Devin's earlier question. Jeremy, you mentioned the limited opportunity set there for M&A. I was wondering if that applies to other vertically integrated businesses? Or if there's a case to be made looking at the pure plan midstream market and what could be applied to those businesses that you've done to E-Train in the future?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I mean, across anything we do strategically, it really starts with where do we have an edge. We're not looking to just buy things for the purpose of buying and getting bigger. Equitrans was special in that sense because there are so many synergies between the two businesses, and we're seeing that on full display. I think if you look back at really each of the quarters that we've reported since closing that deal, we beat each quarter pretty handily. And it's kind of funny when we're forecasting and giving guidance out. It's hard to account for the 30, 40 very small things individually that we're doing better. But I think what you're seeing in these beats is the collective result of all of those small things coming through and positioning us to outperform what we said we would do. I think that will continue. But it's hard to look at the midstream assets and say we can have the quite same result. So, look, we're open-minded about it. But I think our focus is at the core. We're an upstream business, but we want to be the best version of what we can with the lowest cost structure. If there was an opportunity like Equitrans with the same benefits and synergies I think we'd love to explore it for the right value, but it's hard for me if this juncture to think about what that really would be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citi Group. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Good morning. A couple of questions upfront. The last call, you guys talked about behind-the-meter deals likely seeing contracts signed at premiums to either a regional marker or Henry Hub. We've heard recent interest in potentially signing fixed price sales agreements since it will help lock in the spark spread for the power producer, which in turn can help bend secure financing for the plant. And then given hyperscale’s desire for line of sight to power, it could be positive economics all the way down to the chain. Are you hearing about an interest in fixed-price deals? Is that picking up? And obviously, it's all price-dependent. But if these types of deals are possible. Just any color on the price point that takes you to be more interested in fixed price over a premium to a regional market for hub pricing? Thanks.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I think -- so what's unique about each one of these power deals is that they all have different considerations. Some need helps with siding, some needing stream, some need gas, some need all of it. There's different counterparty credit qualities of these different, whether it's a developer or hyperscale or whoever we might be talking to. So, I wouldn't say there's a one-size-fits-all approach. Every one of these is going to be different. And we have the flexibility to structure around that. I think in the long run, what I would love to see is some sort of portfolio approach to this over the long term as they come together, where you have some of all of it. I think where you have to be somewhat careful on a fixed-price deal, though, is if it is priced at a level to factor in the upside asymmetry gas prices. And if you fast forward 10 years from now, just so you do a 20-year deal, where gas prices probably need to be to, incentivize the marginal molecule is the Haynesville is fully depleted. The Utica is probably fully depleted. And a lot of these legacy oil basins don't have a lot of inventory less or a decline. I think that gas price needs to look different. So, what might look good today for a fixed-price deal, halfway your contract, you might not like very much. So, I think one of the things we like about the index plus style deals that we've done with the Southeast utilities is it insulates you from that while also providing you a bit of extra margin for that reliability of long-term supply. So, I think we're open to all of it, but that's kind of where we gravitate to just as we think about it over the long term. But look, we'll see. We're having a lot of really fascinating discussions with different parties up and down the chain. And like Toby said, I think we're pretty optimistic we get something done this year. And I think Olympus advances our ability to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy. Kevin, please go ahead.
Kevin MacCurdy: Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask another one on the Olympus acquisition. It looks like the deal came with a nice EBITDA contribution and what looks like high implied margins. Can you talk about the midstream assets that you acquired and the effect on the OpEx? And any information on the sales points for the acquired guests?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So, if you think about the total EBITDA of the business, about 1% of that, if you were to break it out, is attributable to midstream, so about $80 million roughly. I think one of the big benefits in terms of why the margins are so high is again that integrated nature of it. It's being sold effectively all at M2 right now, but we do see opportunities to probably improve that. And certainly, if we were to link it to some of the adjacent data center power projects that are right there in that area, that could obviously be a huge improvement beyond that. It kind of sits right at the junction between the M2 and M3 markets. So, we're probably going to explore whether there's a way to move some volumes into that more premium market along TeCo. But that's something that I'd say is a synergy that could develop in the coming years, but it's not a tomorrow type of event.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. I appreciate all that detail. And for my next question, I wanted to ask on the change on MVP capital contribution guidance. Is that just timing of spending? Or is there something on the cost of that project that is increasing?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, I'm glad you asked that. That's an important clarification. So, it's actually an accounting change. There's actually no difference. If you look at the change to distributions and that changed the contributions, they actually offset each other. It's just a difference between how we assumed, we would just recycle capital within the MVP JV before. So, there wouldn't be an actual contribution, that's unchanged. Except from an accounting perspective, we still have to book it as a distribution out and a contribution in effectively. But net-net, I wouldn't -- I don't think at the bottom line, there's any real difference in how we forecast the fusions or what MVP will generate for us or our partners.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ennis with Texas Capital. John, please go ahead.
John Ennis: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. For my first one, just on the synergy front. Can you elaborate on the specifics that drove that $85 million in savings since the last update? And the ongoing initiatives that could drive additional upside that you've highlighted in the presentation?
Toby Rice : Sure. Great question. Happy to provide some more color. So since last quarter, we've obviously revised our synergy capture up. Some of that is going to be on water disposal costs, CapEx synergies from us to seeing if we can optimize some of the spend that's happening on the CapEx projects. But really the real just comes on the receipt point and system optimization efforts that we're doing. So, this is just moving volumes to optimize the receipts of the receipt points and capture some spreads there. So those are going to be some of the opportunities that we're going to be looking for also on the -- to recreate on the Olympus asset. Going forward, what we really are looking at on the upside there is going to be really more in the discrete projects bucket. So are there going to be some projects that we can identify as to continue this momentum is what would be making up the remainder of the upside there.
John Ennis: Makes sense. For my follow-up, one of the questions we get most often is what market conditions would cause you to exit production growth. How would you frame your thought process in deciding to grow volumes if the market is calling for it?
Toby Rice : Yes. I think it's pretty simple. The market calling for it is not just price signal. It's going to be a demand signal. So, we're going to have a firm supply deal. And we will make sure we grow volumes to meet that firm supply. I think it will be pretty simple. So that's sort of how we're looking at it right now. And I think that's where we're going to be for a little bit until we get back to a place where we get a market that is more well connected with more pipeline infrastructure. I think we need to be more prudent in making sure that we see the demand before we bring volumes.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, John, I think I would distinguish the difference between growing to sell to the market versus sell to a customer. And we're trying to pivot our business to sell to a customer in a large-scale way. And that's very different than, I think, the way a lot of our peers look at it, and I think the way operators have approached this in the past, and it's really only possible just due to the platform we've built a -- investment retention and all the other attributes we talked about. So that's why we're so focused on these different power data center and other industrial opportunities because that's really what we're trying to turn the business more into is those to one that just chases price and has to float up and down on the wave of volatility quite so much. trying to transform the business in a sense. We think that's just a much more durable, higher quality way to manage the company over the
Toby Rice : Yes. And I think it's worth pointing out, too, I mean, to take advantage, I mean, price signals, we are going to be taking advantage of that with our existing asset base. I mean, if you look at, I think it's Slide 7, we're showing a -- over 2 Bcf a day of volumes swing. So, we are being responsive to price and giving more volumes when the market is calling for it. But having that trip into activity levels, it's going to be more of the dynamics that Jeremy to just put color on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. David, please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Toby, I'm curious, just as a data center opportunity develops here in basin. How do you square those opportunities or put it in context relative to your LNG strategy and those opportunities as it relates to contracting and the ability to improve commerciality of your products going forward?
Toby Rice : Well, I think those opportunities are going to be much lower cost access to get there. I mean I think that's the first consideration. These are going to be happening in our backyard not on the other half -- on the other side of the country, ultimately with gas consumers across the world. So, I think it's really easy for us to know the parties and create custom tail solutions that gives them the best combination of affordable reliability. And there's just a lot of them over here. So, I mean, we've gone from a card where we were having to -- I think we're going to be needing to stretch the commercial footprint of our business, which is fine. We sell gas across the country. But having these opportunities in our backyard, I think, is going to be a little bit easier. And the cost associated to connect those opportunities is a much lower bar, and we're not going to be needing to sign up for big tolling fees to get access to these opportunities and margin uplifts.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I think, David, to remember, we have 1.2 Bcf a day down in that into the Gulf market that LNG corridor as it is. That's probably more than we would ever look to sign up in those LNG contracts for the reasons Toby said it just creates too much financial risk for the company. which is why we've set that limit around 5% for the amount of LNG that we'd probably like to sign up for exports, at least the size and scope of our business today. We think beyond that, it just creates too much financial risk. So that's why beyond that, we're looking back towards where that demand is domestically and to effectively take a very high-priced FT style commitment to export as around the world to sell to a utility, when we have utilities calling us virtually every day to supply their power plants, adjacent to our operating footprint. I think for us, we can grow more quickly with less financial risk supplying that market domestically right now than we necessarily would be able to, on a much longer-term basis through LNG market. So, it's going to be all of the above. We're obviously looking to serve any demand that shows up. But if we can serve the same in the market in essence and do it a lot more efficiently, cheaper and faster. I think we're going to look to do that before trying to chase an LNG project that takes years and years to even come online.
David Deckelbaum: Makes plenty of sense. And perhaps just for my follow-up, just on a clarification on how you view the Olympus assets strategically. And you highlighted, obviously, you're picking up 0.5 Bcf a day in an area where there's some emerging demand on the power side. I guess how do you square those opportunities on the Eastern portion of your acreage versus sort of the Ohio side? Is this more responding to what you see as a, a more compressed time line in the Western Ireland area from maybe some brownfield projects? Or is this just more of a matter of balancing the production footprint between those two areas?
Toby Rice : I think this is more of just increases our ability to get more opportunities, closer in our operating footprint. We're going to be -- we're looking at opportunities across our entire operational footprint. Olympus is pretty special in the fact that it's close to the industrial corridor in Pittsburgh, where a lot of people are looking at opportunities. So, it puts us right next to some of these opportunities. So, we'll be exploring those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers. Noel, please go ahead.
Noel Parks: Good morning. Actually, that last question was something I had been wondering about. So, is it fair to say then that the timing of Olympus was just a -- because I'm assuming that these are assets you've been aware of for a long time, was sort of uniquely because of the anticipation of in-basin power industrial corridor?
Toby Rice : I think this deal would have made sense without the upside opportunities that the data center -- data center opportunities would present. So, we look at this as pure upside. And when we think about the volumes here with the Olympus asset base, I mean, when we are -- if we can tie in our systems, it will be a way for us to connect our entire asset base in Southwestern Pennsylvania up to the industrial corridor. So that $500 million a day of gas that's flowing today will be connected, will be supported with a huge amount of inventory that we could use to flex the service volumes way more than the $500 million a day that's coming from the Olympus asset base today. So, I mean all to say, people that are thinking about putting data centers in the Pittsburgh region. We're going to make sure that you have all the energy you need to achieve the power demand goals that you have.
Jeremy Knop: Well, I mean, we look at Olympus it was a value by right asset, right time, is a win-win deal for both sides. I think Blackstone sees a lot of upside in our stock at the same time. And look, I think the optionality created both on the ground leasing in that area, which is pretty inexpensive, can add some really attractive runway, we already do in our base business every year to really extend that inventory depth beyond the, call it, 15 years of really high-quality inventory that we already see right there. We think is really competitive. And again, like Toby alluded to, I mean, two of them, probably higher probability power data center opportunities that we're in discussions with are located effectively right there, one of which could be one of the largest projects in the country. So, I think it positions us really, really well as we continue that dialogue. And again, as we just think about the region in total, in the way we're positioned, whether it's in the Ohio market, whether it's Pennsylvania market or even parts of West Virginia, where we're inductions on projects, I think we should really be looked at as the go-to supplier of choice for any gas needs for any of these -- any of these businesses. So, it's really just improving our positioning in those conversations.
Noel Parks: Great. And I was wondering, I wanted to take your temperature on -- with the macro commentary you've made and looking at the setup was LNG over the next few years. Do you have a sense or a stance on whether we are heading into effectively a greater volatility in gas and maybe ultimately reflected in the strip? Or do you think that sort of the reduced seasonality net-net is going to lead to more stability? And just to follow on that, I was just sort of wondering if, if you have any appetite your balance sheet improves for investing inputs as part of your hedging strategy?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I think as we've been talking for a couple of years now, we think volatility is only going to increase. And that's the reason we're trying to position and scope the business how we have. I mean if you look back at early November, we had curtailed and we have a really interesting slide on this in our deck that you should look at This has some pretty good granularity on this and what our curtailment program has allowed us to do. But we curtailed at least 1.6 Bcf a day in the first week of November. Two months later, we not only had all that back, but we had actually surged production above our baseline. So, you saw effectively a 2 Bcf a day swing to make sure that we can actually capture the volatility, not be harmed by it on the downside, and a position to capture more of that upside value when you see the. If you're in a position where you get completion crews out there and frac wells chasing pricing. I mean look, if you would have done that 2 months ago, all of a sudden, you're bringing wells online now at pricing that's $2 below actually more than that, if you look at just Appalachian pricing, where those price levels are. So, we can be very prescripted, very tactical as we optimize around that volatility. And again, having the foundational assets of Equitrans with the operational flexibility of EQT to maximize profitability. It's sort of like this extrinsic value that doesn't get picked up easily in financial models. But as I noted before, it in to just observe that every quarter since we have acquired Equitrans, we consistently beat. Part of that is operational and part of that is what we're able to do on the commercial side of things. So, we hope that continues. We expect it to continue, and that is just more and more important as we go through these ups and downs of volatility that we expect to probably get more extreme in the coming years.
Toby Rice : Jeremy, I think that was very well set. And if I had to say it very simply, EQT is a business that is designed to evolve and align our operations with the current environment and EQT is a business that's going to thrive in volatility. And I think everything we've done that Jeremy just put color on is an example of that.
Operator: There are no further questions at a time. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is [Jale] (ph), and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the EQT Q4 2024 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Cameron Horwitz, Manager Director, Investor Relations and Strategy. You may begin.
Cameron Horwitz: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and year-end 2024 earnings results conference call. With me today are Toby Rice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeremy Knop, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Toby and Jeremy will present their prepared remarks with a question-and-answer session to follow. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website. And we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of today's call will be available on our website beginning this evening. I would like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results and future events could materially differ from these forward-looking statements because of the factors described in yesterday's earnings release and our investor presentation, the risk factor section of our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Today's call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our most recent earnings release and investor presentation for important disclosures regarding such measures including reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. With that, I will turn the call over to Toby.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Cam, and good morning, everyone. 2024 was a transformational year for EQT, marked by both record-setting operational accomplishments and bold strategic positioning at unprecedented speed. The highlight of the year was closing of the Equitrans acquisition in July, which created America's only large-scale integrated natural gas company. After only six months, our integration process is now 90% complete with synergies captured to date exceeding base case expectations, building on our growing track record of value-enhancing M&A followed by successful efficient integration. Our rapid execution speed has driven the capture of more than $200 million of annualized base synergies, or 85% of our forecasted plan. Our 2025 budget also reflects much faster-than-expected impact from our midstream compression investments. As tangible evidence, we now expect to turn in line 10 to 15 fewer wells annually while maintaining current production levels with more reductions in savings expected in the years ahead. In upstream operations, our teams shattered multiple company efficiency records last year, resulting in 20% increase in completed lateral footage per day relative to 2023. These efficiency gains are carrying over into 2025, allowing us to drop from three to two frac crews in April as we are choosing to prioritize cost savings instead of production growth. It is important to note that until recently, we plan to run a third frac crew for the most of 2025, highlighting our continued momentum into the end of the year. As a result of these efficiency gains, we expect our 2025 average well cost to fall by approximately $70 per foot compared to 2024. Additionally, well productivity continues to improve, which drove 65 Bcf of production outperformance in 2024. Had we not curtailed volumes in response to market conditions, our production would have exceeded the high end of our original guidance by 3%. We expect this performance will carry into 2025 in the form of more volume and a higher price environment without having to increase activity or capital. During the fourth quarter, EQT's operational momentum resulted in outperformance across the board. We delivered production at the high end of guidance and CapEx 7% below the low end of guidance. Our tactical curtailment strategy improved realized pricing. And once again, the teams kept operating expenses in check, driving costs to the low end of guidance. EQT generated more than $750 million of net cash provided by operating activities and nearly $600 million of free cash flow during the fourth quarter alone, despite Henry Hub averaging just $2.81 per million Btu. These results showcase the unparalleled earnings power of our integrated low-cost platform and underscore EQT's unrivaled free cash flow durability even at low gas prices. Turning to reserves, pro forma for our non-operated asset sales, EQT's year-end 2024 approved reserves were essentially unchanged year over year at approximately 26 Tcfe, despite the SEC price deck dropping from $2.64 to $2.13 per million Btu, underscoring the resiliency of our premier low-cost Appalachian reserve base. At strict pricing, the PV-10 of our approved reserves totals approximately $28 billion. However, this value only includes three years of our more than 30 years of future inventory. And excludes the value associated with our third-party midstream revenue that MVP and Hammerhead pipelines and our 1.2 Bcf per day of premium firm sales deals with the major utilities in the Southeast market. The total value of our approved reserves at strict pricing plus these other core assets equates to roughly our current enterprise value. That means investors can own EQT today and essentially get our peer-leading inventory depth for free, underscoring what is still an unrivaled value proposition for investors. Shifting to our 2025 outlook, we are initiating a production guidance range of 2175 to 2275 Bcfe with a midpoint that is 125 Bcfe above the preliminary 2025 volume outlook referenced last quarter. This strong outlook is driven by robust well performance, completion efficiency gains, and earlier than expected benefits from compression investments. We will continue running just two to three rigs and recently elected to drop from three to two frac crews, beginning in April to prevent our efficiency gains from tipping the business into growth mode. This minimal level of activity juxtaposed against our 7+ Bcf a day of gross production, underscores our operational momentum and our world-class assets. As it relates to our investments, we have established a 2025 maintenance capital budget of $1.95 billion to $2.1 billion. We have also allocated $350 million to $380 million to value creating growth projects beyond maintenance, including $130 million in Equitrans compression investments. Our reserve development capital budget of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion is down nearly 10% per unit of production compared to 2024 when normalized for curtailments and approximately 15% below 2023 levels. We expect our continued efficiency gains and compression investments will drive this number down even further over the coming years. At strip pricing, we expect EQT to generate approximately $2.6 billion of free cash flow in 2025, $3.3 billion in 2026, and approximately $15 billion cumulatively over the next five years. To wrap up, material efficiency gains, robust well-performance, and Equitrans integration momentum continue to drive our performance across the board. The momentum within EQT is at its highest level since we took over the company in 2019, and we are excited to continue showcasing the power of our platform in 2025 and beyond. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Knop: Thanks, Toby. I'll start with the highlights of our fourth quarter results. First, we delivered sales volumes of 605 Bcfe at the high-end of guidance, driven by operational momentum that Toby discussed. Normalized for curtailment, production would have come in at approximately 632 Bcfe or 6.9 Bcfe per day, a tangible demonstration of our operational momentum. While on the topic of production, it is worth noting that we experienced less than 1 Bcf of freeze-offs during the polar Vortex events last month, compared with 13 Bcf during Winter Storm Elliot in 2022. Greater alignment and collaboration with our new midstream colleagues drove the step change improvement in performance. Turning to pricing, our differential came in $0.13 tighter than the midpoint of our guidance range as we curtailed volumes early in the quarter during the weakest periods of local pricing before surging volumes back when pricing strengthened. This is the second consecutive quarter of material realized pricing outperformance due to tactical curtailments, underscoring how our curtailment strategy creates shareholder value without disrupting operations or impairing productive capacity in a volatile market. To further demonstrate the value of this strategy, amid cold winter weather and strong local pricing in January, we opened up chokes on many of our wells, providing customers additional volume to meet winter demand while simultaneously exposing more production to high local pricing. Year-to-date in 2025, we've realized $20 million of revenue uplift from this strategy while delivering record levels of company production. Fourth quarter operating costs came in at $1.07 per Mcfe at the low-end of our guidance range due to production outperformance and gathering LOE and G&A expenses below expectations, CapEx of $583 million with 7% below the low-end of our guidance range due to efficiency gains and lower midstream spending. It's worth nothing that aggregate capital expenditures during the second half of 2024 came in nearly $200 million below the midpoint of our expectations, again, tangibly highlighting our capital efficiency momentum. On the midstream side, third-party pipeline revenue was $166 million, 7% above the high-end of guidance. MVP capital contributions of $60 million were 14% below the low-end of guidance, and MVP distributions of $53 million were in line with expectations. EQT generated $756 million of net cash provided by operating activities and $588 million of free cash flow during the fourth quarter, despite Henry Hub averaging just $2.81 per MMBtu, underscoring the unparalleled nature of our low-cost business model during all parts of the commodity cycle. Turning to the balance sheet, during the fourth quarter, we delivered on our asset sale promises a year ahead of schedule to de-risk our balance sheet and position our hedge book for a rising price environment. In December, we closed on the sale of our remaining non-operated Northeast Pennsylvania assets and Midstream Joint Venture. Proceeds from these transactions totaled $4.7 billion, which we used to fully repay our term loan, fund the repayment of senior notes, and pay down our credit facility. We exited 2024 with $9.3 billion of total debt and $9.1 billion of net debt compared to $13.8 billion and $13.7 billion, respectively, at the end of the third quarter. It's worth noting that our net debt at year-end reflects the impact of $475 million of working capital usage during the quarter, the bulk of which should reverse in 2025. At strip pricing, we expect to exit 2025 with net debt of approximately $7 billion, comfortably below our target of $7.5 billion. In the medium-term, we plan to reduce our absolutely debt balance toward $5 billion to bulletproof our balance sheet and credit ratings, so that we can play offense during the next down cycle when others are forced to play defense. For reference, this debt balance equates to approximately five times free cash flow at a $2.75 Henry Hub price, which is a price point where many of our peers are free cash flow neutral to negative. Turning to hedging, our rapid asset sale execution and bullish outlook for pricing in 2025 and 2026 positioned us to add no incremental hedges during this quarter. To recall, we tactically sculpted our hedge book to have material upside to improving macro conditions later this year. Our hedge percentage falls to approximately 40% in Q4, with 100% of our hedges becoming white collars with ceilings of $5.50 per MMBtu in November. We remain unhedged in 2026 and beyond, providing investors full exposure to an increasingly bullish setup for prices. Our position at the low-end of the cost curve acts as a structural hedge, which in turn facilitates unmatched exposure to high-price scenarios by limiting our need to financially hedge. As previously communicated, we plan to approach future hedging patiently and opportunistically in order to capture asymmetric skew in the options market. In essence, this approach positions us to monetize volatility and realize higher-than-average gas prices through the cycle. Turning to the macro landscape, three years of low commodity prices resulted in upstream underinvestment. This supply backdrop, combined with an unusually cold winter, ramping LNG exports and robust power demand, has catalyzed an inflection in natural gas prices over the past quarter. While gas prices have already surged, we think there is still room to run and cannot recall as wide of a disconnect between the equity and commodity markets as we are observing today. The Haynesville is suffering from years of underinvestment and increasingly scarce inventory debt. And we believe will be much slower to respond than the commodity markets or pricing. Appalachia is largely pipeline constrained and there are no new pipelines out of the Permian until late 2026. Simply put, it will take too long to increase gas production to meet this step change increase in demand during such a short time. And we believe the market may have to balance inventories through demand destruction at the hands of higher prices in 2025 and 2026. Looking further ahead, we are eyes wide open at nearly 5 Bcf per day of new Permian gas pipeline or slated for completion in late 2026, just before Qatar brings 6 Bcf per day at the LNG onto the global market. With these medium-term headwinds and the fact that capital spending would not result in additional production until mid-2026, we do not have plans to invest in production growth this year and view the coming inventory imbalance and higher prices as a phenomenon of the timing mismatch of supply and demand, amplified by a cold winter and the theme of too little gas storage capacity. Alongside a broader bullish backdrop for natural gas, the underlying fundamentals in Appalachia continue to strengthen, with the tightening base as one of the most underappreciated themes. Robust demand in the southeast region has driven MVP flows to maximum capacity of 2 Bcf per day this winter, contributing to eastern storage levels moving from near five-year highs last fall to near five-year lows today. As a result, our production sold into the local M2 market and our MVP volumes sold at Station 165 have received robust pricing. During the January cold spell, Station 165 spread to Appalachian price points rose to more than $25 per MMBtu, underscoring the tremendous upside option value embedded in our MBT capacity during periods of high demand. Longer term, we continue to see 6 to 7 Bcf per day of incremental Appalachian demand by 2030, driven by load growth, coal retirement, and pipeline expansions. At the same time, we believe many producers in Appalachia will see productivity degradation or run out of inventory entirely, further tightening local fundamentals. M2 base's futures are beginning to reflect this reality, tightening by approximately $0.30 between 2026 to 2030 over the past two years. EQT is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this setup, as we have the highest quality and longest duration inventory in the basin, paired with irreplicable, world-class infrastructure. These characteristics are investment grade credit ratings and low emissions credentials make EQT the go-to company for new power projects and position the business for sustainable future production growth. Turning to capital allocation, in recent strip pricing, we expect to generate approximately $2.6 billion of free cash flow in 2025, which we plan to allocate toward debt repayment. With our balance sheet de-risked, we plan to steadily and sustainably grow our base dividends over the years ahead and position to opportunistically repurchase shares when the market is fearful. Beyond 2025, our integrated business is ideally situated to support appellation demand growth, positioning EQT to provide sustainable, low-risk organic growth for shareholders, a key attribute missing from the industry today. We are in the process of generating a backlog of low risk, high return midstream investments to support this demand growth, which would in turn unlock modest upstream production growth from our decades of high quality inventory. We have uniquely positioned EQT among the energy landscape, offering investors not only the best risk adjusted exposure to natural gas, but also idiosyncratic growth opportunities that should allow us to compound capital and create differentiated value over the long-term. And with that, I will turn it back over to Toby for concluding remarks.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Jeremy. The past five years have been an incredible journey. In this time, we have transformed EQT into America's only large scale integrated gas producer, becoming the must own natural gas company. Looking forward, we will continue our pursuit of becoming the operator of choice amongst all stakeholders and we've got a great setup in front of us. Costs are going down, operational efficiency gains continue, asset quality shining, our inventory is still staying deep, capital intensity is improving, deleveraging plans are ahead of expectations, the E-Train integration and synergy capture, both ahead of schedule, durable midstream growth projects are entering our program, and Appalachia fundamentals are strengthening and demand for our product across this country is surging. 2025 is poised to deliver a banner year. We are excited to demonstrate the differentiated benefits and earnings power of our business in the years ahead. The bullish inflection in natural gas fundamentals supercharges our excitement. And when we look at the 2026 free cash flow and beyond, investors still have the opportunity to own our premium story and assets at a discounted valuation compared to peers. With that, I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
John Abbott: Good morning. This is John Abbott on for Doug Leggate. Just Toby, maybe I just want to start off with your like, we appreciate the breakout on maintenance CapEx for 2025, maybe you can start off just sort of discussing how you risk that and how you sort of see that evolving in the coming years?
Toby Rice: Yes. So, when we think about the maintenance CapEx, you start with the asset quality, I think we put numbers out there on well performance. That gives us a good read on the type of volumes we're looking to replace. And then, it just comes down to picking the operational efficiencies that drive that along with the costs. So, we fully baked these plans. We're backed by historical performance. We are taking into account the operational efficiencies we proved in '24, and are rolling that forward in '25. I think a lot of the things that are giving us confidence in the operational efficiencies are structural fixes to the business, one of them being E-Train and the water infrastructure that has always been a challenge for us. But now that we have those assets, the teams are locking in the efficiency gains there. Going forward, what this looks like, I think we put that slide out there on the reserve development capital efficiency, and you'll see that that will continue to come down over time. So there is a little bit of a dynamic at play in the near term with us adding compression, but still long-term trends, the upstream maintenance in intensity is going to be coming down.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, John, I'd also add to that. Initially, when we talked about our 2025 capital plans, the assumption was peak spend for our compression investments probably wouldn't happen until 2026. We've been able to pull that forward. And so the numbers you see for spend of about a $130 million in 2025 is peak spend. Kind of ballpark, we expect that to decline in 2026 and then thereafter. So 2026 ballpark number today is like $85 million. So that's really been pulled forward and that's pulled production forward at the same time. So I think in terms of a lot of those investments, it's really downhill from here, which is great. It's accelerating value into the exact market. We want to do that. And then in terms of how we model it, I know we talked about this in the past, but I think there's -- I think there's still a bit of conservatism baked into how we're modeling the net impact from these projects. It's still early, so I don't think we want to get ahead of ourselves just yet. But if you boil it down, the beats that we have seen the last couple of quarters, both with CapEx coming in low and also production being really robust are really coming from that. So I think we're hopeful that we see continued outperformance, but we're being patient at this time until we see a little bit more time go by and results come in.
John Abbott: And that's a good segue into our second question. So where are you right now as far as thinking about the benefits from compression? You raised 2025 production guidance. What is your understanding of the benefits of compression that have added compression at this point? And how do you bake that into your plan?
Toby Rice: We have put that into our plans now. The question really is just going to be on the timing. The teams -- are there some more compression projects that they can that they're identifying in the future. Sure. But that will now be part of our base maintenance plans, to make sure that we're installing compression to keep gathering lines at the right pressures. As Jeremy mentioned, I mean I think the biggest focus for us was getting these compression projects onto the schedule as quickly as possible and commend the team for the work they've done. In less than six months from closing this deal to be able to get these projects put on board. So, what we'll be watching going forward, we are assuming an uplift on these compression projects. That could change a little bit higher or lower. We've got about -- I think it's about eight compression projects that we've got history that we're using to guide our forecast. But that's probably the biggest moving piece right now, but it should be very small in nature.
John Abbott: Great. Thank you very much for taking our questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram of J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. Toby, I wanted to see if we could discuss your thoughts on kind of the longer term kind of CapEx trajectory at EQT. The budget this year is for $2.4 billion call it just under call it about $2 billion for maintenance, just under $400 million for strategic growth. Last quarter, you highlighted the potential for EQTs all-in CapEx to be in the low 2s and that was before capturing $175 million of potential E-Train synergies. So I was wondering how you think about kind of your maintenance CapEx evolving over time, including that strategic, kind of CapEx budget, include some compression in some of those midstream type of projects?
Toby Rice: Yes. Arun, I think it's important why we're putting the spotlight on the actual maintenance spending that we have, being around that $2 billion number this year. Looking forward, what could that look like? If you look at Slide eight on our deck, we're showing the res dev capital intensity. We'll show that the cost coming down for maintenance spending on res dev, which is our upstream business. The question is going to be, are we going to have more growth opportunities on the midstream front? But we should see a natural trending down of our maintenance CapEx for the upstream side of the business over the coming years.
Jeremy Knop: Arun, the reason we broke out our maintenance capital separate from growth again, if you look at the midpoint of that number, it's already trending below that prior guidance we had put out. So I think things are already moving that that direction. I'd suspect that that with successful results on the compression, I think that has a chance to move even lower. But that's why we put that out just so as you think about modeling two years out and beyond, I think that's kind of the number you need to anchor to before thinking about any sort of other projects that that would be more bespoke in nature.
Arun Jayaram: Got it. Yes. Sounds like you already had over 800,000 horsepower in terms of compression and expect that to grow a little bit. Maybe the second one for you, Jeremy, you've highlighted the potential for in basin demand to grow by 6% to 7%, which is obviously key to the EQT story. I was wondering how you're seeing things on the power demand side of the equation kind of evolve, kind of locally. And also I know you have now a strategic relationship with Blackstone and they recently announced a deal to buy a large gas power plant in Virginia, in that call that data center alley. So I was wondering if you could see how things are going on the power front in ways that this could be beneficial for EQT in terms of announcing gas for power deals or anything like that where you could capture that part of the earning stream, which is really being highly valued in the marketplace today?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, it's a great question. So I just say something seems to have happened in the last two months or so. Momentum has picked up in those discussions rapidly. We're having discussions directly with several hyperscalers, other intermediaries, other power producers. And I think while a quarter or two ago we were hopeful, I think you're now seeing tangible signs of that. There's active negotiations going on different fronts exploring specific opportunities. And when you step back and think about why that is there's a couple sort of key gating items, I think, to even be relevant and at the table in these discussions. First of all is you have to be fully investment grade rated. And when you look at the natural gas landscape, that that doesn't that's not really a pervasive theme with many of our peers or really any of them at this point, especially across all three agencies. Our net zero credentials, I think are differentiated especially in that tech crowd, in really a peer group. We're the only peer. Production scale, the depth of inventory we have is unmatched. And so if you're going to build a data center or a power plant and you need 20, 30 years of gas supply reliably, there's not really anyone else you can go to. We saw the same dynamic with the big utilities in the Southeast for those deals we did 18 months ago, which were index plus style deals. And then I think the business we have really sculpted with this reintegration with Equitrans allows us to provide a holistic solution for these guys. So, you've seen Williams Energy Transfer and some others talk about deals directly to power plants, but what they can't provide is gas supply. And if you think about it from the perspective of a tech company or anyone further downstream, they don't want to have to go piece all this together with different dogs and cats to try to put a whole deal together. The beauty of working with someone like EQT is we can take care of all of that upstream of the power plant. And so we've seen that be a pretty powerful theme, especially with an existing big fork regulated business already. So, look, I think we're pretty optimistic from where we stand today, the timing exact structure of how it comes together. Hopefully, at some point this year, I think we're still working through that. But there's a lot of different structures that we can provide. And really, when you think about it, there's not many peers who can provide probably many of those, and a lot of it comes down to counterparty credit risk. So, say, for every gigawatt, the power plant, it probably costs you $30 billion in chips to invest in that. If you're the tech company building that, you're not going to compromise with a non-investment grade counterparty, period. Like, you just don't take that risk. And so for EQT, if we did even a fixed price deal, or a deal with some sort of premium index, that creates counterparty margin posting. You're not going to do that with a non-investment grade counterparty. And so, I think really in these discussions, we're realizing more and more, it's kind of just EQT because we don't really have anybody who can provide really the rest of those attributes as part of negotiating one of these deals. So we're pretty optimistic for where we sit today.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kalei Akamine of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kalei Akamine: Hey, good morning, guys. It's Kalei. My question is a follow-up to the in-basin pricing question related to future demand. Just a clarification here, when you say premium to index, are you talking about Henry Hub rather than a local index?
Jeremy Knop: Yes.
Kalei Akamine: Awesome. My next question is a follow-up on Southgate. So a couple of weeks ago, we saw a filing suggesting that the route would be shorter, 31 miles farther than 75 miles with maybe fewer water crossings. Can you simply give us an update on that project?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, that's a really cool example too of, I think a synergy that that we've been able to capture without I mean, it's not counted in, like, the synergy numbers that we talked to. So that was really a holistic upstream, midstream solution that we were able to provide PS&C to help, really keep that project going, shorten the cost of it while still delivering the same volume and letting them ensure they have the gas reliably into that North Carolina market. So I would say things are on track right now, and I think that's just a tangible example of that progress we're making.
Kalei Akamine: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Yes, great. Thanks, team. So, starting questions on slide 12, I think you guys have made a really good progress on getting the net debt down towards your targets. Can you talk about how you plan on getting towards that $5 billion number? It sounds like a lot of that's going to be organic free cash flow at this point. And then how does that ultimately ties into your hedging strategy and leaving 2026 more open, so your perspective on how the two tie together?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I mean, from where we sit today, we've knocked out our objectives again, above that $3 billion to $5 billion range on the asset sales. So go forward. It's just free cash flow. No, we're being pretty patient right now. I think as you get into mid-year, I think the market expects rig count to ramp up pretty rapidly. We just don't see that happening. When we think about what does it take to balance even '25, you probably need Haynesville rigs to get to 50-ish by mid-year. I'd be surprised if we get out of the thirties personally. So we're, I think, between now and mid-summer, I think we're going to sit tight and be pretty patient. I think Cal 26, look, I wouldn't be surprised a bit if you see a five handle on, on Cal 26 full-year pricing. I wouldn't be surprised if this summer you see the same in 2025. So we're going to be pretty patient right now. And I think where we are with the balance sheet, but the rating agencies, with just our trajectory of free cash flow, I think we're in a perfect spot to continue being patient.
Neil Mehta: And then, Jeremy, your perspective on long-term gas was interesting. Just the view that Qatar coming online and Permian associate supply could put a constraint on how high we go, so how do you think about, but it sounds like that's probably not post '26 dynamic in some ways. So how do you think about potentially locking in the '27 plus to the extent that comes that firms up with the '26 curve. And am I reading your view right there that while there's reasons to be bullish on the intermediate term, there's some headwinds over the long-term for global gas?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, I mean, I think your commodity team specifically of everybody's done a phenomenal job. I think outlining some of this in the more medium-term, look, none of that impacts 2025, '26 that we can see. I think you could -- we could go pretty high over the next two years. Look, I think what happens beyond that is really a factor of what happens to U.S. supply. And what happens with Russia, Ukraine? I think there's a lot of noise going around right now about if there is a peace deal this year, what does that do to TTF pricing? We don't really see a tangible impact to that. I think those fears are overblown personally. so I think there's still a pretty bullish case for European gas. I don't -- I mean, you can -- might see that Ukraine transit deal reinstated. You already have gas going through Turk stream. I don't see a real chance that that, that YAML pipeline through Poland comes back into service and three of the four Nord Stream pipes are out of service. There's also some litigation where gas from owes $20 billion, $30 billion to a bunch of these European utilities that would all have to be settled too. That's something that U.S. negotiators can't settle on behalf of Europe. So we just don't see that risk near term. So even if there is a deal in terms of like balances and where pricing goes over the next two years, I think you might see some sentiment driven moves, but fundamentally I think pricing has ways to run.
Neil Mehta: All right. Thanks, Jeremy. Thanks, Toby.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein of UBS. Your line is open.
Josh Silverstein: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Maybe just sticking on the price discussion there, but in a different way, you talked about how you view your stock is disconnected to the commodity outlook, so why not take advantage of that now and introduce the buybacks this year versus taking all the 2.6 to the balance sheet, given that you're 55% hedged and you kind of know what your cash flow is going to be this year. Thanks.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, I mean, look what enables counter cyclical buybacks is having a really strong balance sheet liquidity. we're coming off 45 days away from having closed almost $3 billion up or $5 billion of transactions. So we still want to get the balance sheet down where we have closer to $5 billion of debt. I mean, if you think about even over the last three years, our stock has ping pong between $30 and $50. I mean, there's times over and over again to buy the stock back cheap. Look, I think the stock has a ways to go in the next two years. It wouldn't surprise me though. I mean, you always have something come up with whether you see big pullbacks. I think we're going to continue to be patient. What we saw with that, that deep seek scare a couple of weeks ago is a perfect example of that. You can buy it back on some of those days. So look, we're going to be opportunistic. I think we're eyes wide open about the situation, the relative value right now. But I don't think you're going to see us rush out and buy our stock aggressively when we're setting new 10 year highs every day. I think our -- my comments in the earlier remarks were more geared at when you look at the embedded gas price in gas equities relative to where the strip needs to be in 2025 and '26. I mean, I think our internal views is you probably need to see $5 gas, at least in those two years. Does it need to be at $5 forever after that? TBD, I think it depends on a lot of this AI stuff, but I look, I think we're going to always be patient, opportunistic buyers for our stock rather than, than chasing a new 10 year high to buy it.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. Well, maybe flipping that around a little bit given the success of the compression program and the uplift and well-performance, can you use your equity to an advantage in acquisitions and are in a pockets out there also to you guys that, or maybe you're seeing well-performance like your old well-performance that you can then put compression projects into to kind of get an uplift in as well.
Toby Rice: Yes, Josh, I'd say our, our approach towards M&A will still be disciplined in how we look at things, but one of the things that we're showcasing now is sort of the power of the platform with upstream and midstream and creating a real, a real operational edge, those edges will be used to look at offset operators and look for opportunities, but I, I'd say our framework is still in place and a disciplined approach is still there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Reed of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger Reed: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Toby, maybe to come at some of the other macro ideas for gas, we haven't thought of in a while, which should be going north, some signs that New York is recognizing the shortcomings in their gas market. We have obviously the president pushing to potentially move more gas into the Northeast. How would you look at that? And any thoughts on timing and magnitude or anything like that?
Toby Rice: Yes, I think you're seeing the impact of the new administration. If you characterize the administration in the past as being a little bit about energy subtraction, this administration has made it clear. They're going to be about energy addition. And seeing pipeline projects, breathing new life into those with constitution or even lifting the LNG pause, these are all signs that we're going to let market forces work in this country. And that's going to be key in letting the most affordable, reliable, cleanest form of energy, natural gas to meet those needs. Also, we're seeing some other dynamics take place in our backyard. PJM has just allowed put an order out to allow us to reshuffle more natural gas power plants, come to the top of the queue, that's significant. And what hasn't changed is the fragility of these grids. I mean, there's a reason why this administration put an national -- called the national emergency, largely about the state of the grid. We'll see those opportunities across the country, but we'll also see those largely in our backyard as well, especially given the proximity to the data center demand that's taking place.
Roger Reed: I appreciate that. And then just to follow up question on the opening comments about whether giving you the opportunity to open the chokes up and understand guidance for the full-year and everything, it doesn't sound like there's an issue, but just wanted to understand maybe the extent you can provide a little more insight. Opening the chokes, what does that do in terms of pressure management, reservoir management, and your expectations going forward as we think about the call it plus or minus $2 billion of CapEx on an annual basis.
Toby Rice: Yes. So, I think one of the -- one of the great characteristics of our business is the ability to respond to the current environment. You see what happened -- see our ability to curtail volumes when prices are low. Now you're seeing the ability to respond when prices are high, that the dynamic at play here that gives us the flexibility to open chokes is the fact that we instill a managed choke program when we turn our wells back in line. So we have the capacity to grab a few 100 million a day of production. I mean, that's sizable. So, we look at that and our commercial team can call for that when they see market signals that -- and we'll respond to those volumes. As far as a cost perspective, really, it doesn't cost us hardly anything, to increase those volumes. We're, we're, it's as simple as just opening up the chokes for some of the newly drilled wells that are on that managed choke program. So it's really just pure upside from higher pricing and really the higher volumes that we're putting into the market.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. To provide a little more clarity on that too, as it relates to the -- just the total year we have today, about 300 million a day of extra gas in the market as a result of that open choke program, into EGTS pricing this week in Appalachia. I mean, today it's about $6.30. So, when we open those chokes, we're flowing directly into that market and selling at a significant premium. That's why we do that. so it's adding like real material value. Now that said, when you think about the course of the year and the trajectory of production, I mean, like right now it's probably the high point of production for the year. We pull that volume back in and then go back on managed decline. I don't -- I think when you look at where December production is versus this moment in time, we're down at that point, just because we have so much of that volume open back up right now due to how high pricing is. So we're taking advantage of it. I mean, again, we're in a price times volume game, so we're maximizing productivity when we see the opportunities, but we're not exactly like ramping towards the end of the year. I think we're just taking advantage of high pricing when we see it.
Roger Reed: Thank you for the clarity on that. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ennis of Texas Capital. Your line is open.
John Ennis: Hey, good morning, guys. And congrats on a strong update. For my first question, I wanted to touch on commentary provided on last quarter's call regarding the opportunity to complete 50% more footage per day in '25 versus the historical average, how should we think about what level of improvement above that 35% improvement from historical levels that was achieved in the second half of '24 is embedded in guidance versus what is potential upside?
Toby Rice: Yes, I think, the theme here for operationally really is going to be us continuing to push the pace on these operational efficiencies. We're going to be conservative on that. The other impact, I think that's, that's probably more focused on driving our cost down as just the impact, the compression and allowing us to reduce the amount of horizontal footage that's needed to maintain productions.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, I'd say that the other thing too, is a lot of that improvement is driven by logistics. And so things like expanding our water network and integrating fully with Equitrans and some of the legacy Tug Hill and Chevron systems. So the more we complete there and the more throughput we add on the water side, the faster we can track, that those sort of connections don't happen overnight, so we're still working through that. In terms of where we could get to probably peak throughput or maybe even a year off from that still. So I think there's still improvements to make. And I'm hoping we continue to carry on the momentum we've seen in terms of just quarter-over-quarter improvements. So we have some of it baked in based on how we're performing today, but I think we're always continuing to try to push the envelope and build on that.
John Ennis: Perfect. And for my follow-up, just building on the macro commentary in your prepared remarks, there seems to be a price signal in the Ford strip that highlights the need for natural gas growth by the end of this year, if not sooner, yet the sector is largely in maintenance mode, knowing that it's just more than just price that you consider, could you just help frame how you as a management team contemplate the decision to potentially shift back to that sustainable growth mentioned in the presentation?
Toby Rice: Yes, it's very simple. And to reiterate what we've said in the past is EQT will respond with growth, but it's got to be sustainable. And that means we need to see demand on the other side of that production growth. I think, the days of us just growing volumes into the commodity market, because we see a good strip. we want to see a little bit more than that. We want to see demand on the other side and then, we will grow to make sure that demand is materialized. the dynamic that we have right now is going to present Jeremy and the commercial team opportunities to connect to that demand. And I think that will create the opportunity for EQT. And it's something that we're looking to make sure we create and connect those opportunities. And I think our integrated platform is going to give EQT an advantage in capturing those types of opportunities.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, I think we're also seeing, I mean, like, look, if you, if you -- in conversations with other producers, privates, operators in the Haynesville, I don't think anyone cares anymore about a single well return. It just doesn't mean anything. And I have yet to hear from even talking to too many privates that they really care about that anymore either. So, I think that the focus across the board is more generally, what is my corporate return to my investors measured in actual free cash flow, not EBITDA, not the single well return, but what am I actually able to deliver back through a dividend, through a buyback? And so I think a lot of producers, especially if you're in the Haynesville, you're looking at this and saying, Well, gosh, I need maybe a $5, it starts getting interesting and I can start thinking about making growth plans, but it's a lot easier. It's a lot more efficient. I can drive well cost down. If I get into a cadence where I have larger scale operations, like what EQT does with combo development, driving efficiencies and look at the end of the day, it's like we keep saying, it's a price times volume game. If we had not done the Equitrans deal, if we had not gotten those transactions done as quickly as we had towards the end of last year, we probably would have added another, call it 20% of hedges in the back half of '25. We'd probably be about 30% hedged in 2026 today, that hedge position, if we were to put that on over the course of Q4, we'd be about $700 million underwater on that right now. So there is so much more value to gain by just being flexible, having low leverage, being able to be have production available when pricing is there relative to chasing a price signal. When in reality you put a rig out today, you don't see production until next year. I think everybody got snake bit in 2021, '22, when they tried to do that. And then you had a warm winter and an LNG facility go down, pricing fell apart. So I think everybody's kind of learned their lesson. I think everybody seems to have just stepped back and for us, we're just trying to run a good, consistent, low cost business. if you can put a rig out there in 30 days and capture a little bit of it, could make sense, but that's not really the game that we're playing So, look, I think you do see some rigs come back, but the best we can tell by I commented before, I think it's hard to even see the Haynesville getting out of the thirties in terms of rig count. I just don't really know who's motivated to add them at this point.
John Ennis: I appreciate all the color and thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Scott Hanold of RBC. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Yes, thanks. Hey, great quarter guys. I've got -- I'll kind of basket my two questions into one. So just asking one and it's around well performance. Obviously, you talked about like compression helping and, you're just seeing better well productivity, but can you give us a sense of, as you look at your core inventory duration, like what is your confidence level on how far that goes out comparatively to others with all the upside you're seeing. And then kind of question number two on well performances, as you guys manage your chokes, and pardon me for the way of saying this, but on and off, have you seen any change in, in well you ours over time, has that had a positive or a negative benefit?
Toby Rice: Yes, great question. And Scott, I pointed to slide seven, as I think very illustrative picture of the dynamic that's taking place, both with what's happening outside of our walls with our peers and what's giving us confidence in the quality inventory that allows us to say with confidence, we've got decades and decades of inventory. When you look at the chart on the left, you can see EQT sort of middle of the back performance for Well -- put online in 2021. but you look at the picture fast forward a few years later, you see peers, inventory degradation, pretty significant. And I think this should be a concern for investors when evaluating companies is looking at the quality inventory, because as you see here with peers, those numbers are coming down. but one thing that's saying that's still shining is our EQT well performance actually is increasing. and so from a reservoir quality perspective, we have a deep inventory and then from an economic perspective, when you layer in the fact that we just pulled in all of these midstream costs from Equitrans, the ultimate, what we're looking for is not just high quality reservoirs, high quality economics. And our inventory is, is deep. On the EURs question, I think one thing that we're looking at pretty closely on the impacts of compression is going to be, are we seeing just acceleration of reserve recovery or are we actually increasing EURs? I'd say, initially right now we're seeing signs of this is just an acceleration, but we'll keep an eye on that. And we do not anticipate any degradation or on the enhanced removing the chokes on our wells when we flow back.
Jeremy Knop: On the inventory life specifically, we had done a deep internal analysis pre-Equitrans on this, just so we could -- you see Veris and others put out estimates. Our view internally was we had about 25 years of locations that we considered high quality that we had more than a 50% working interest in. I think a lot of the numbers you see publicly are numbers where someone might have a 25% working interest. They counted as one of their locations. And it's really not because someone else owns the other 75%. So that was our threshold. Equitrans totally transformed that though, because what then was Tier 3 inventory can become Tier 1 on an integrated cost basis. And then when you think about leasing, because in Appalachia, there's still plenty of land to lease. If someone else wants to lease that land, they still have to flow through our pipelines or we can go lease the land ourselves. That's why we still spend call it a $100 million a year in our budget on infill leasing, because we're adding to that inventory and really replacing a lot of what we do every single year. So look, I think at this point, we haven't updated the analysis handily since then, but I would estimate that added at least 10 years to it. So it's a level where that's before infill leasing. So, every year we probably replace 70% of all the inventory we develop with our -- with that program. So I think we're -- we kind of have a level of inventory where leased EQT, we don't really have to think about it. And that well productivity is not only maintained, but as Toby pointed out, continues to actually improve due to the operational improvements.
Toby Rice: Yes. Only point I would add is just the land replenishment, the dynamic that's taking place over the last few years, our land budget cumulatively in the past was majority spent on maintenance and a small portion on infill. Now that's flipped and the majority of our dollars are spent on infill leasing, which is adding new working interests, increasing, adding to our inventory. And you can sort of see that on our budget slide, the instant dollar spent on infill versus land. So we're getting, I'd say more, more value creation out of the land that we're spending right now to promote that dynamic that Jeremy just discussed.
Scott Hanold: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jacob Roberts of TPH. Your line is open.
Jacob Roberts: Good morning. Maybe a clarifying question on 2025 capital, it sounds like the maintenance budget is somewhat of a function of some of the strategic growth budget, specifically the compression. So I was wondering if you could help risk to that number relative to those compression projects coming on stronger than expected, or perhaps the other direction, given some concerns around lead time delivery installation, things like that.
Toby Rice: Yes, I would say that what we have in place for the compression plans, is follows our normal project management operation schedule type risking, for when those get turned in line, so teams have looked at that and that is baked into our plans. There's not going to be -- we don't anticipate a lot of flex in upside downside on the impact of compression. Like I said, we've already done a handful of pilots here and have a pretty good level of comfort on what those will do. And we broke one of the reasons why I think we broke out pressure reduction as a portion of our CapEx against where to see that on our budget as well.
Jacob Roberts: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And my second question, it looks like some midstream spend maybe fell out of Q4. I was wondering if you could frame, is that showing up in 2025 or some portion was permanently eliminated based on what you've seen from the assets?
Jeremy Knop: I'd say a little bit about the short answer.
Jacob Roberts: Perfect. I appreciate the time, guys.
Toby Rice: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Scialla of Stephens. Your line is open.
Michael Scialla: Thank you. Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask about your 2025 plans specifically the net -- till as you plan in Southwest PA, it looks like 32 to 40. Were all of those intended to be in the Marcellus or any of those in the Utica? Just want to get your thoughts on the deep Utica returns, how they compete with Marcellus at this point.
Toby Rice: Yes, in PA we have no deep Utica West Virginia. I think we're finishing up a handful, less than five. That is not going to be a core part of the program going forward. So, some of that work was in West Virginia was finishing up some wells in progress that we have from the Tug Hill. We've had a good time to assess the competitiveness of those and feel at this time that the Marcellus is still the best investment opportunity for us and we've loaded our programs with those types of projects going forward.
Jeremy Knop: It's interesting point, actually, though, going back to the prior questions on inventory depth. When we talk about inventory, we just talk about Marcellus. You do have a lot of deep inventory out there. I mean, some of our peers are testing that already. I mean, some areas have really good results. That's all upside to what we talk about. We already have the infrastructure in place too. So we don't need to drill that today. Not as good as the Marcellus as Toby said, but it's certainly upside for us.
Michael Scialla: Got it. Thanks. And I wanted to ask about slide 11 with MVP. Just curious, I guess my impression was that you talked about the capacity constraints out of the Appalachia, yet MVP wasn't running at full capacity last summer. Can you talk about the reason for that? Was that just a function of demand? And, what was the source of that incremental demand moving forward? And do you anticipate the flow at capacity going forward from here?
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean what we've mentioned in the past about MVP, up until the expansion that takes place on Transco should be slated for call it '27 and maybe early '28. Until that point in time, MVP is going to be more of a seasonal pipe. And that's based off pricing that area. And I think you can see that dynamic play out in the volumes there. But I think it's pretty remarkable just to step back and look at this. There were people with this pipeline that questioned the need of Mountain Valley Pipeline needing to get built. And the fact that this thing is flowing over to Bcf a day, the fact that pricing in this area touched over almost $35 per million Btu is a signal that this pipeline was needed. And there's dozens of other pipelines in this country that would produce a similar type of story if they were allowed to get built.
Michael Scialla: Appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Bert Donnes of Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Bert Donnes: Hey, guys, I'll bundle my questions for time as well. I just wanted to hit on the data center demand again. You mentioned the value of -- your ID rating, your inventory and as well as net zero status. Just curious if the hyperscalers are trying to get around maybe paying up for EQT premium assets? And, maybe thinking, hey, we can do a deal with maybe a consortium of EMPs? Each company taking a share of it and then maybe those items matter less? Or, is that not even in the mix? And the second question would just be, are you leaning -- are the deals out there leaning more towards that premium to an index you reference? Or, is it more leaning towards the fixed price Thanks, guys.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean I think that's a great question. And no doubt EQT competes with every operator, every gas molecule that gets produced. And we need to provide a differentiate option. But I'll tell you this, as Jeremy mentioned, there was a shift in sentiment over the last couple months. I mean, the event, if you ask me, this was Stargate coming out. I think a lot of tech companies looked at that announcement and got questions. Where are you at with your power demand and meeting that? And I think a lot of people are frustrated in the progress and speed to market is a critical component. And so what's going to be faster dealing with 15, 10, 5, putting those together or dealing with one, dealing with multiple parts of the value chain or dealing with one. We think that that is going to be a great solution for our service providers and for our data centers. And those are the conversations that is how EQT will differentiate ourselves. Simple, one-stop shop, best, cleanest, most reliable, most affordable gas on the market.
Bert Donnes: Perfect. And then the second part, just -- is it leaning towards a premium to an index or maybe a fixed pricing? Thanks.
Jeremy Knop: I think the beauty of the situation for EQT is we can offer both. We have offered both. Generally, when you structure that stuff, you have to price it at an indifference point. So there's a lot of different kind of flavors of that that we worked through with all of our in-customers and the utilities we've already done deals with. So, I think it's a little early to say, but I think both are on the table.
Bert Donnes: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, that concludes our Q&A session. We've run out of time. We thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Danica, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the EQT Q3 2024 Quarterly Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Cameron Horwitz, Managing Director, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
Cameron Horwitz: Good morning, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2024 earnings results conference call. With me today are Toby Rice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeremy Knop, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Toby and Jeremy will present their prepared remarks with a question-and-answer session to follow. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of today's call will be available on our website beginning this evening. I'd like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results and future events could materially differ from these forward-looking statements because of the factors described in yesterday's earnings release, in our investor presentation, the Risk Factors section of our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Today's call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our most recent earnings release and investor presentation for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Toby.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Cam, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter was hallmarked by the closing of our strategic acquisition of Equitrans Midstream, which transformed EQT into America's only large-scale vertically-integrated natural gas business. This combination has created a differentiated business model among the energy landscape, one that has leading inventory duration at the absolute low end of the North American natural gas cost curve. EQT's position as the lowest cost producer structurally derisks our business in the low parts of the commodity cycle while simultaneously unlocking unmatched upside to higher price environments by eliminating the need to defensively hedge longer-term. We believe these characteristics position EQT to generate disproportionate value for our shareholders regardless of where we are in the commodity cycle. Since we closed the Equitrans acquisition, our integration team has been sprinting ahead with more than 60% of total integration tasks completed in just three months. This remarkable pace is a testament to our proprietary integration system which has been honed across multiple successful transactions over the past several years. The highly efficient integration pace we've seen to-date is resulting in synergy capture occurring quicker than we originally expected. Recall, had previously assumed base synergies would start accruing by the middle of 2025. But with our integration progress to-date, we have already achieved $145 million of annualized financial and corporate cost savings which is $25 million more than our original underwriting assumptions. Said another way, we have already derisked more than half of our $250 million base synergies in just three months of owning Equitrans. This rapid pace of base synergy capture along with longer-term system compression upside, further increases confidence in our ability to optimize value from the combined entities. We are also seeing Equitrans employees excited to be integrated into EQT's culture. This is a similar situation to what we observed when we took over EQT in 2019, where the cultural buy-in of our employee base enabled us to create more value than we originally anticipated. I'm extremely excited to see what the combined EQT and Equitrans teams can accomplish together over the coming years. Alongside rapid integration and synergy capture, we are already unlocking operational efficiency gains as a direct consequence of the acquisition. An example of this can be seen in our investor presentation, where we highlight a new EQT record for water delivered to a well site. This record water delivery pace in turn facilitated another all-time EQT record for completions pumping time, besting our prior record set earlier this year by 10%. The pace of water delivery is a key factor in completion efficiency. Put simply, the faster you deliver water to the well site, the faster you can frac, which in turn, drives down well costs. This record was only possible because of the seamless coordination our now internal Equitrans water system with EQT's upstream operations, highlighting that optimization of the Equitrans' water assets has the potential to drive additional operational efficiencies that we could not have achieved standalone. We also recently completed the connection of EQT's water network in West Virginia with Equitrans' water system in Pennsylvania, which structurally improves our ability to deliver water to well sites. This connection should also save more than $70 million in water disposal costs over the next two years from an investment of just $15 million, highlighting example of the type of low-risk, high-return investment opportunities that are unlocked by the acquisition. Efficient water delivery along with various other supply chain initiatives, are supercharging the recent completion efficiency gains that we highlighted with Q2 results. During the third quarter, we set a new EQT record for completion efficiency with footage completed per day averaging 35% faster than our 2023 pace. The past two quarters of operational performance, along with our Equitrans integration momentum, are increasing our confidence in a sustainably faster completion space, and we see the opportunity to complete 50% more footage per day in 2025 compared to our historic average. With continued success, we may ultimately be able to drop from 3 to 2 frac crews over time, which is remarkable given we are able to hold flat 7 Bcf a day of gross operated production at this activity level. We are still quantifying the potential impacts to our capital budget, but we believe these gains could have the potential to sustainably save approximately $50 per foot, which could translate to $50 million to $60 million per year. Shifting gears. We recently announced that EQT has become the first traditional energy producer of scale in the world to achieve net zero Scope one and two greenhouse gas emissions. Not only did we accomplish this ahead of our 2025 goal, but achieved this net zero status across the entirety of our upstream operations, inclusive of recently acquired Tug Hill, XcL Midstream and Alta assets, which were not included in the target originally set 2021. This means that over the past five years, EQT has reduced total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by over 900,000 tons, which is the equivalent of taking approximately 195,000 cars off the road annually. The bulk of these reductions came from structural emissions abatement, including replacing more than 9,000 pneumatic devices shifting to electric frac fleets, deploying combo development and installing advanced emissions control devices. For the remaining emissions that are not available with current technologies, EQT has generated carbon offsets through forest management projects as opposed to purchasing third-party carbon credits. This was done via our partnership with the state of West Virginia and includes conservation management practices such as the removal of invasive species, wildfire risk monitoring, and native tree and shrub placement, all of which have co-benefits for our local stakeholders. These efforts are verified by West Virginia University, ensuring both economic and environmental benefits to the region. Over the life of this partnership, we expect to generate approximately 10 million tons of high-quality carbon offsets at a cost to EQT below $3 per ton, underscoring EQT's capital-efficient path to achieving net zero emissions. We believe EQT's unique position as the only vertically integrated low-cost natural gas producer with multi-decade inventory and net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions will continue to open differentiated ways to maximize the value of each molecule similar to the long-term supply deals we announced with utilities in the Southeast last year. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Knop: Thanks Toby. I'll start by summarizing our third quarter results. But prior to doing so, I'd like to note that results shown on our financial statements include Equitrans for 70 days during the quarter. So, we've also provided pro forma numbers assuming a full quarter of Equitrans results for the purpose of comparability to guidance and consensus estimates. Strong well performance, continued efficiency gains, and modestly lower-than-expected curtailments drove Q3 sales volumes to 581 Bcfe, or 4% above the high end of our guidance range. It's worth noting that had we not curtailed, we estimate production would have come in at 616 Bcfe for the quarter, or 6.8 Bcfe per day, highlighting the true strength of our performance. As it relates to curtailments, we have been taking a highly tactical approach over the past few months in response to the volatile gas price environment. This strategy has allowed us to match supply with demand on a daily basis, thus maximizing our price realizations. Consequently, our differential for the third quarter came in $0.10 better than the midpoint of our guidance range at $0.65 per Mcf, underscoring how this tactical approach is creating value in real-time without disrupting operations or impairing productive capacity. We believe these impressive results prove why tactically curtailing volumes in periods of weak pricing is the right strategy in a volatile world. The acquisition of Equitrans gives us greater ability to deploy this strategy as it eliminated 4 Bcf per day of minimum volume commitments, while simultaneously lowering cost structure to a level that we can maintain steady operations even in the low parts of the commodity cycle rather than being forced to slash activity due to high operating leverage. Pro forma for the full quarter of Equitrans, our operating costs came in $0.05 below the low end of guidance at $1.07 per Mcfe due to production outperformance and LOE and G&A expenses below expectations. Pro forma CapEx was nearly $100 million below the midpoint of our guidance range at $573 million, efficiency gains and lower midstream and pad construction spending accrued to our benefit. On the midstream side, pro forma third-party revenue came in at $142 million, at the high end of guidance, driven by better-than-expected uptime. MVP capital contributions were $160 million, in line with expectations. Turning to the balance sheet, Q3 was an eventful quarter with the closing of Equitrans in July from $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion. At closing, EQT redeemed all of Equitrans' outstanding preferred shares followed shortly thereafter by the redemption of EQM's $300 million of bonds due in August 2024, saving approximately $50 million annually from reduced cost of capital. Yesterday, we announced the divestiture of our remaining non-operated assets in Northeastern Pennsylvania to Equinor for $1.25 billion in cash. Recall, these non-operated assets came with our Alta acquisition in 2021, and we allocated approximately $1.1 billion of value to them at the time. Between asset level cash flows and the two transactions announced this year, we expect to realize approximately $3.6 billion of total value, implying a 3.3 times return on investment since 2021. We expect this transaction with Equinor to close by year-end, with proceeds expected to be used for debt repayment. With this latest sale, we have now announced cash proceeds of $1.75 billion compared to our $3 billion to $5 billion asset sale target. We are simultaneously making rapid progress in our regulated midstream sales process, giving us confidence in achieving the high end of our asset sale target range by year-end 2024, thus derisking our balance sheet several quarters ahead of schedule. Turning to hedging. Since our last update, we have added a significant amount of hedges in the back half of 2025 to bulletproof our deleveraging plan. Post these additions and pro forma for the non-op sale, we are now approximately 60% hedged for calendar year 2025 with an average floor price of $3.25 per MMBtu, with color upside as high $5.50 per MMBtu in Q4. With our updated hedge book and low breakeven cost structure, we estimate EQT can generate free cash flow next year down to a NYMEX natural gas price of approximately $1 per MMBtu and generate nearly $1 billion of free cash flow at $2 per MMBtu Henry Hub prices, underscoring the unrivaled earnings power of our business in any scenario. Beyond 2025, we expect to use commodity derivatives opportunistically rather than defensively as our position at the low end of the natural gas cost curve acts as a structural hedge, which in turn facilitates unmatched exposure to high-priced scenarios by limiting our need to financially hedge. Turning briefly to the macro landscape. We have spent the last few quarters studying the power markets, which are awakening from two lost decades and becoming one of the most interesting corners of the energy industry with a direct impact on natural gas demand. Over the course of this year, we have witnessed a reluctance to entertain the idea of gas power generation for data centers evolve into a widespread acceptance of natural gas as critical. At the same time, more than 80 gigawatts of coal generation capacity is scheduled to be retired by 2030 and nearly 200 gigawatts by 2035, leaving a hole in the US base load power stack that can only be filled quickly by reliable natural gas generation. We expect natural gas to take 50% to 80% of new power generation market share as intermittent renewables are not suited for 24/7 reliability, and we believe there are just a handful of more nuclear facilities that can be restarted through the end of the decade. These dynamics are giving us greater confidence in our base case view that data centers and additional coal retirements will drive up to 10 Bcf per day of incremental natural gas power demand by 2030. Notably, this demand will be regional in nature with more than half likely to come from the Southeast and PJM markets. Given EQT is the only large scale integrated natural gas producer with exposure to these regions, we stand ready to support and directly benefit from this megatrend. Turning to fourth quarter guidance. We've made some modest tweaks to our prior outlook. We now expect fourth quarter production to range from 555 to 605 Bcfe, up 7% from our prior outlook of 515 to 565 Bcfe due to robust well results and less curtailed volumes than we previously expected amid an improving Appalachia price environment. For perspective, we estimate our 2024 production is tracking above the high end of our original 2,200 to 2,300 Bcfe guidance range when normalized for curtailments, demonstrating the strength of this year's underlying performance before the impact our decision to curtail production. Looking into 2025, we still intend to maintain flat year-over-year sales volumes pro forma the transactions with Equinor around 2,100 Bcfe and expect to pull back activity if efficiency improvements continue to pull forward volumes. On basis differentials, we are tightening our fourth quarter differential guidance range by $0.05 to $0.50 to $0.60 per Mcf as Eastern storage levels have normalized, improving local pricing this winter. Looking at operating expenses, we are lowering the midpoint of our fourth quarter operating expense guidance range by $0.05 per Mcfe, largely driven by higher volumes and lower upstream LOE and G&A expenses. Note, we reallocated some expenses within our GP&T outlook as we fine-tuned our pro forma accounting for Equitrans. But this had essentially no net impact on our total GP&T expenses. On CapEx, as I mentioned previously, third quarter spending came in nearly $100 million below expectations with part of this variance driven by pad construction shifting from Q3 into Q4. This shift, along with embedding some conservatism around non-op spending, drove a $50 million increase in our fourth quarter capital guidance. That said, our total second half spending is still trending below the midpoint of guidance, we put out last quarter by a net $50 million, reflecting the efficiency gains referenced previously. At MVP, we have fine-tuned estimates for slightly higher capital contributions to complete the right-of-way reclamation post Hurricane Helene and a slightly lower distribution in the fourth quarter, simply driven by payment timing. At recent strip pricing and pro forma the non-op sale, we forecast cumulative free cash flow of approximately $14.5 billion from 2025 to 2029 at an average natural gas price of roughly $3.50 per MMBtu. At $2.75 natural gas prices, EQT would still generate approximately $8 billion of five-year cumulative free cash flow. While at $5 gas, this number swells to almost $25 billion, which we can realize as we do not need to defensively hedge. There is no other natural gas business that comes close to providing the same combination of downside protection and upside exposure for investors. We believe EQT is now in a class of its own. Our simple goal is to be the easy-to-own way for investors to gain exposure to natural gas, meaning if you're thematically bullish natural gas, whether it's because of coal retirements, power growth, LNG exports, windling core inventory, bearish oil prices due to OPEC oversupply or anything else, we are positioning EQT to be the go-to natural gas stock that is a through the cycle fixture of your energy portfolio. We see our story increasingly resonating with long-term investors who trust we will continue to operate from the same principal framework that has brought us success to date, compounding cash flow year after year. And with that, I will turn it back to Toby for some concluding remarks.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Jeremy. EQT today is operating at the highest levels of efficiency in history. And quarter after quarter, we continue to break records. We've built an unrivaled integrated natural gas business with key catalysts for continued value creation. We have high confidence in the successful completion of our deleveraging program and continuing our long track record of delivering on our promises to shareholders ahead of schedule with better-than-expected results. And with that, I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning. Gosh, you guys are moving quite quickly on this, and congratulations on what you've done. But Toby, I guess, I -- we're never happy with the base, especially given that you're moving a lot faster than perhaps you initially guided. So my question is, when I look at slide 6, which is obviously your progress on the $250 million. And then I look at slide 25, which is the upside case to $425 million. How would you have us think about the timing and the risking of both those numbers, particularly the upside synergies from infrastructure optimization?
Toby Rice: Well, I'd say we're ahead of schedule, both from a time perspective and realizing synergies that are a little bit greater than what we had anticipated. What's in front of us now really are the synergies related to the operational execution. And those the pace at which we're moving in this integration being 60% through this, help us frame those up a little bit better. And Doug, those synergy capture estimates will be folded into our 2025 budget, which we're currently working through when we'll provide updates in future calls.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Good stuff. Well, again, the pace seems to be certainly ahead of what you were expecting. Toby, my next question is -- and my follow-up rather is a little bit tricky to ask. I'm not quite sure how to articulate it. But if I look at the volatility of gas prices through the third quarter and then ultimately the way that you track volumes, I'm trying to understand how malleable the curtailment strategy is? I mean, how easy it is to bring things on and off in response to pricing? What's behind my question is you no longer have any MVP obligations really that relates to your ownership of E-Train. So you have tremendous flexibility to really navigate around very short-term moves in price. Is that how we should think about this curtailment strategy or am I thinking about it the wrong way?
Toby Rice: Yeah. I think it's really important to understand. I think the dynamic that we laid out on slide 21, which is framing up sort of the natural gas market characteristics and how they've changed. I think it was a really powerful chart that sort of supports the fact that we're going to be in a more highly volatile world going forward. And the question that people need to ask is how are these businesses going to perform in this more volatile world where you're going to have lower lows and higher highs. The way that our business is going to manage in those low price periods, there's really two things. It's the integrated nature of our business, which as you mentioned will give us tremendous flexibility by removing MVCs that we had in place. So we've lifted a huge constraint and have more flexibility there. But the other thing that's going to allow us to curtail that's equally as important is having a super low cost structure and that will give us the ability to curtail volumes and not have to alter or slash activity levels. What that means is that when those higher price environments show up, we're going to be positioned to capture that. And we're not going to be sitting six months. Our production is not going to be sitting behind six months of restart. It's something that we can turn on pretty rapidly. And that's a muscle that we've been flexing in the past, and it's going to be a muscle that's to be really important in this environment that we're looking at.
Jeremy Knop: Doug, if you look at Q3 specifically, we have been turning on and off up to a Bcf a day on a near daily basis in response to where pricing is. That is really the reason we've realized that $0.10 better differential this quarter is just being able to tactically do that. Now I think in a low price environment, that's a great tool. It's kind of like hedging kind of like basis hedging away. And when you look at that chart, Toby referenced on page 21, 60% of the data points you see on that bottom chart are really below $3, so about 20% of those are below $2. And in that environment, that's generally where you're going to see us turn volumes off because you just can't make money there, the rest of that time; we plan to be supplying gas to the market. And so it allows us to almost delete the lows out of our sales volumes, but still be positioned to capture the highs. And so if you look at the data shown there, the difference between the median and the average is over $0.80. And that's effectively the difference if you pursue the strategy we're pursuing, where you don't have to hedge away the highs, but you still are protected against the lows, you can curtail and you have a structurally resilient business. $0.80 for us over two year of production is a tremendous amount of value added certainly when look out long-term. So it's very hard to model that. I think the character of the market, as we keep talking about, as you and I have discussed a lot is changing, and that's how we're trying to position.
Doug Leggate: Guys, pardon the clarification and of course, I meant MVC, not MVP, I think you've got too many pipelines, I guess. But just to be clear, so when we look at the volatility intra-quarter, in your curtailment strategy, you have the ability to basically pick your spots and therefore, beat us on your basis differentials? Is that the right way we should think about it?
Toby Rice: Correct.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. That's what I was looking for. Thanks guys. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, and I appreciate the clarity on the previous question. I think a lot of us were trying to figure that out on the curtailment side. I think one of other questions I have is early days, obviously, with the Equitrans acquisition. But as you think about synergies into 2025, maybe a little bit of a – what have you seen that surprised you so far? What do you think it might take a little bit longer? And just trying to get an idea, we're used to companies setting a synergy target and outperforming it, you think that's something likely to play out for you here?
Toby Rice: Yeah. So the biggest thing for us operationally, which I think you have most of the conservative baked in, in the synergy estimate really is outlined on slide 26, the uplift we're going to see from compression. It's important to note, when we framed up that synergy, we were assuming a 10% uplift from the benefits of adding compression. And these pilots that we're showing here are showing that we're seeing nearly 2 times that uplift. So, that will be helpful. Timing on when we can get these compression projects rolling at a larger scale is going to be the big determining factor and the team has been hard at work, and we'll be putting those projects into our budget. So, timing and all of that will be framed up in our 2025 budget plan.
Roger Read: Okay. And then my other question is, obviously, things have gone fairly well on the asset dispositions, the non-op stuff you cited. I think we've seen rumors in the in the press about MVP sale, if you're able to generate more cash just from operations in addition to the asset sales, what's the right way to think about how you would right-size the balance sheet? Meaning, how much of a premium would you have to pay on any of the debt to retire early? And I'm just trying to think about it as do you build cash, do you return cash and then pay the debt off in a more methodical pattern?
Jeremy Knop: No. We've been spending a lot of time on this. I think we have a pretty efficient plan to eliminate the debt that we have in front of us and smooth out our maturity stacks. So, I don't expect any sort of inefficiency to come out of that. I think it will be pretty straightforward.
Roger Read: All right. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jeremy Knop: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes, thank you team and congrats on making some progress around the asset sales. You mentioned in your prepared remarks you've been spending a lot of time in the power markets. Just curious what your real-time assessment is around the AI and data demand -- data center theme? And how do you see that specifically in the Marcellus, do you see a case for a step-up in in-basin demand around data centers as well? So, just any real-time conversations, perspectives and a mark-to-market of your views as you guys have been on the forefront of this?
Toby Rice: Yes. So, we laid out sort of our plan on 2016, we're seeing between 10 and 18 Bcf a day of demand growth for natural gas due to power. Some of the real-time data that we're looking at because this is the million-dollar question is AI, people know power generation is coming. What percentage of that is going to be natural gas? So, like a lot of you, we're looking at the orders that are coming in for natural gas turbines. And you see one of the largest turbine manufacturers in the world, Mitsubishi, seeing a 50% increase in their orders. You see GE, compared to last year, their orders are up 90%. So, while this stuff isn't making the headlines of how much market share natural gas is taking, the orders are building up and strengthening that natural gas is going to continue to be the workhorse that adds a lot of this power demand. And just looking at the baseline of what we've done over the last 10 years, I mean, natural gas has seen power demand needs requiring 14 Bcf a day. That's what we've done over the last decade. Not a lot of people have talked about that. That was largely driven by coal-to-gas switching, which is still a theme going forward. And now you add on the power generation growth from AI. And it's not too hard to believe some of these numbers that we're putting forward.
Neil Mehta: Toby, we've seen nuclear restarts in PJM. We've seen some talk about license extensions on the nuclear side as well. As you think about competition for that natural gas demand, how do you think about the alternatives, whether it's renewables or nuclear. And how does that fit into the math for the TAM around this market?
Toby Rice: On nuclear, that was something we looked at what would be the other options like Three Mile Island that could come back online, keep in mind, some of this power demand growth estimates is around, call it, 70 to 80 gigawatts. Our view on this looking at similar nuclear facilities that would have the potential to add about 3 gigawatts of power demand. Relative to what's required, it's a drop in the bucket, it's not meaningful. And it still needs to happen, but the world is going to be looking for fresh, reliable, affordable energy sources that's going to be – that’s going be mean more natural gas. And that's what we're seeing in the order books when people are looking to pick up these turbines.
Neil Mehta: Thank you, sir.
Operator: The next question comes from Jacob Roberts with TPH. Please go ahead.
Jacob Roberts: Good morning.
Toby Rice: Good morning.
Jacob Roberts: I just wanted to see if we could hit on an early 2025 look. But looking at Q3 and Q4, excluding shut-ins, I think the run rate is closer to 2400, and should the market be thinking about slight declines in your production base in 2025, given the earlier comments kind of the 2,100 level net of the sale?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Look, I think from where we are within the year, I think we're in a peak time right now. So I do expect that to come up a little bit as we get into 2025. But I would say year-over-year, we see it as relatively flat growth on our remaining assets that we've not divested.
Jacob Roberts: Okay. I appreciate that. And then lastly, I know the release noted the production and capital impact from the non-op sale. Should we be thinking about any changes to operating expense?
Jeremy Knop: No, I wouldn't say materially at this time.
Jacob Roberts: All right. Appreciate the time, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kalei Akamine with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kalei Akamine: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for getting me on. My first question is on operational synergies, water, in particular. Can you talk a little bit more about how putting water in the right places can help you drop one frac crew? Are you simply cutting the standby time? When could this happen? And what does the impact on capital look like?
Toby Rice: Yes. It's pretty simple. When we look at driving factor for completion efficiencies. It's the amount of feet we can frac per day. That is driven by the amount of hours that we're pumping per day. So we look at the NPT and when we're not pumping for us, a big part of that nonproductive time wedge was waiting on water. We've eliminated a large part of that. So you take out a lot of NPT time you replace that with pump time and your footage per day increases. So if you can increase your efficiencies by 30% and you're running 3 frac crews, you've positioned yourself to get the same amount of footage and have 33% less frac crews. And that's what we're set up and monitoring to bake that into the 2025 plan. From a cost perspective, that could translate to about $50 per foot of savings or roughly $50 million per year of operational efficiency value.
Kalei Akamine: And Toby, to clarify, is this in your synergy target? I guess from our perspective, it's hard to tease out with the synergy and with the natural evolution of your business and it pulls over time that's going to get more blurry. But just to be clear, is this in the target or is this separate?
Toby Rice: That would be separate. That was not included in our synergies.
Kalei Akamine: I appreciate the clarity. The second one goes to gas balances, and I guess it's two parts. First, can you remind us on curtailments, how much you currently have and how you're thinking about bringing that back when you look at the winter in-basin pricing? And then on MVP, our understanding is that it can flow more fully in the winter -- can you give us an idea what that looks like? And then what could that mean for headline in-basin production numbers?
Jeremy Knop: Yeah. So on that first question of what we have tail, we've been fully online for several weeks, actually. So I wouldn't expect when you're looking at your gas balances that EQT is bringing back an additional 1 Bcf a day, which we had curtailed at the peak. That's already back. It's been back. And so I think as everyone is trying to look at their gas models. I think that's a pretty important factor. And look, we did that because the market showed that there is a need for that gas. It was above our price targets. And so as you look at our improved guidance for Q4, a lot of that's because the assumptions we had previously made for curtailment in October just haven't played out. We just haven't needed to curtail in response to what the market has told us. And so that's why you've seen that move up in addition to better well performance. And then on your MVP question, look, the assumption we are making is effectively that between December and February, MVP should flow at full capacity or near it, as you see that ARB opened up, and there's that downstream demand. So that's effectively what you'll see baked into our guidance.
Kalei Akamine: Awesome. Appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Deckelbaum with TD Cowen.
Dave Deckelbaum: Good morning, guys. Good morning, Toby. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. I was hoping that you guys could give a little bit of color and update around the regulated asset sales process. Just given the success of the non-op now, how do you think about time line? I know that you have a year end 2025 debt target. So presumably, I guess, you have roughly I guess, 15 months or so before we get down to that level. Is this something you want to get done sooner than later? And then as you think about selling those, a portion of those assets, is there a right ownership percentage that would like to retain outside of just a controlling stake?
Jeremy Knop: Look, I think we've provided a pretty good clarity of the structure that we're pursuing in prior calls, we've been pretty open about that. I don't think there was going to be a deviation from what we outlined previously. There's been robust interest, and I'd say the cost of capital that we are seeing has exceeded our expectations. I think the quantity of capital that investors have to put towards scarce high-quality natural gas pipes like this is above expectations. And I think that's really pushing forward our expectations like we said in the prepared remarks, of when a deal gets done. But beyond that, look, we're in discussions with parties. We're working through that. We hope it's -- could have been later, but it's certainly above our original -- or ahead of our original expectations, which initially we had pegged to be in the first half of next year. Now we expect that to probably get done before the -- into this year.
Dave Deckelbaum: That's helpful. If I could just ask one more. Obviously, I know the industry is focused on MSAI [ph] power generation thematic. And you talked about, obviously, the regionalization of demand with a lot of that proliferating in the Southeast where EQT has a ton egress via MVP and expansion. I know you guys have already guided to, obviously, benefiting from the firm demand contracts that you have in place in late 2027 with the Transco expansion with utilities. As we think about AI and its commercial impact to EQT, you talked about benefiting from this directly. What is like the remaining quantum if you see this proliferation in the Southeast of how much more we could see contracted on top of those firm sales? And is this something that is much more of a 2030 and beyond expectation, or should we expect potential for incremental basis improvement between now and the end of decade?
Jeremy Knop: Yeah, great question. So in our view, Appalachian demand would include what is taken – really exported out of basin plus in-basin demand. We think between now and the end of this decade that should increase from about 35, 36 Bcf a day to about 42 Bcf. So effectively adding a whole another EQT in terms of demand, I think that is overlooked in many ways. And really, in our assumption, no new pipes are getting built aside from the expansion we expect to pursue on MVP through the compression that we've talked about previously. Beyond that, it's really in-basin demand, and when we step back and think about how does that play out and impact our business, it's either one of two ways and it's probably a combination of both. One, we think it tightens in-basin differentials, but it also allows us to grow. So we're really a price times volume business. We expect to see benefits on both sides of that. And now in our new integrated business model, we effectively control a lot of the quarter in the basin, we expect to be the one to probably disproportionately benefit from that growth where we can connect our low-cost decades of supply to those different sources of demand as they come online. So that's something we're hyper focused on. It's one of the reasons we haven't gone out to other plays, because we do see that backdrop playing out in Appalachia. And I think we're as well-positioned anybody to benefit from that.
Dave Deckelbaum: Appreciate that color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: Good morning guys. Last quarter, you talked about an initial outlook for spending next year around the 2.3 to 2.6 range. Given the efficiency gains that you guys have seen this year, the non-op sale and then a pending midstream sale, are you thinking that the lower end of that range is now more likely relative to the initial use?
Jeremy Knop: So if you're at a high level bridge that, and just start with the midpoint for ease of discussion, the midpoint of that range we gave out was 2.45. The non-op sale removes about $75 million out of 2025 and the efficiency gains we referenced in prepared remarks, we equated to about $50 million of additional savings beyond what we had assumed at the time. So I would expect that to probably be toward the lower end of that range at this point in time. But look, we're still working through it to figure out exactly how we might even put some of those savings into accelerating some of the midstream synergies. So it's a work in process, but I'd say directionally things are moving the positive side of that that range we looked at previously.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. Thanks. And sorry to come back to the curtailments, but I'm curious what specifically in the markets you guys see to bring back all of your volumes that were previously curtailed. Henry Hub in the fourth the fourth quarter pricing is lower versus when you announced the 45 Bcf of expected curtailments for quarter. Is it something in Appalachia? Is there something else? What is it that you guys are looking at that we should be thinking about going forward to kind of adjust our quarterly numbers for you guys?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So, all the volumes we curtail are volumes that we are selling into the Appalachia market, those are in excess beyond what we have had without a basin. So, the number we're looking at in Appalachia is about $1.50 at M2. So, when you see M2 above that, you should assume we're generally going to be flowing at full capacity. When it dips below that, you'll see us pull volumes off the market. And that at a high level is really our cash costs, excluding the sort of integrated midstream payments we pay ourselves plus F&D, about that $1.50 level. And so when you kind of put that all together and think about what it means for the gas market, I think there's kind of three bands of the way you'll see the market evolve over the next 12 months, call it. I think you will continue to sort of ping pong between $2 and $3 until all curtailments are back online because as you approach $3, all of that should come back online. I think there's a second band between probably $3 and $3.50 where you see some of the short-cycle DUCs and deferred tills sitting out there, that some of our peers have. I would expect that's the band with some of that start coming online. So, you see that additional resistance level. But I think once you get beyond that, you need to have real activity, and there's a delayed effect to that as we saw on the downside, there's delayed effect of production falling, which is a delayed effect to production resuming growth when activity is added. And I think the longer production stays down where it is, the more difficult it's going to be to bring it back. So, going back to that Slide 21 that we referenced, I think we're likely to sit kind of at that below $3 level. And so you see a lot of this production back. And very quickly, you're going to snap towards the high end of that level as you get towards the back half of 2025 and into 2026, which is also why we've hedged the way we have. We remain unhedged in 2026 and highly exposed in Q4 next year. But I think it is going to be a path to get back to that level, just putting aside how winter goes, which is hard to predict.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bert Donnes with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Bert Donnes: Hey good morning team. You mentioned that the production should be kind of directionally flattish on the remaining upstream assets. Historically, though, we've seen some operators attempt to take advantage of shoulder months and shape their production. Should we expect to see that come out naturally as you use curtailments throughout the year next year? Or is that strategy just not viable anymore because of the loss in efficiencies when you try to bring all those wells all at once
Jeremy Knop: Yes, that's never really been our strategy. I mean we've always really focused on really the most efficient way to operate and execute, which is not really the start-soft nature of operations cadence, which you need to execute to pursue that strategy. So, I don't think at least from EQT, you're going to see that sort of seasonal up and down that you see in the market more broadly or out of Appalachia more broadly. I think for us, we try to run that pretty consistently. You will see like in Q3 this year, there are some quarters that will be higher than others, but year-over-year, you should expect that to be pretty flat until there's a real need in the market for that production, which I think you'll see in terms of Henry Hub price rising and local basis being relatively tight.
Bert Donnes: Makes sense. And then this one a little more pointed. On the timing of the asset sale, obviously, you got a pretty strong price on the non-op. But we've got a few questions on maybe selling assets with low capital requirements during lower near-term gas pricing. So maybe you could talk about how do you balance selling assets versus achieving your leverage target or maybe your buyers just willing to look past near-term gas price, and we should all just -- everybody started looking at '26 when they deal with A&D.?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I'd characterize at least in our view the assets we sold this way, under how we would have underwrote it, we still see it as a [indiscernible] before tax type value at about $3.50 gas. So we felt like despite where the prompt prices on the strip, we have pretty good value for value for it. And that include the Upper Marcellus which we think Northeast Pennsylvania in the next couple of years is going to be predominantly driven by Upper Marcellus development. There's just not a lot of core lower left. And so I think for us, we're really happy with it on just an intrinsic value basis. And taking those assets specifically, the next five years, we estimated would generate about $250 million -- or sorry, $750 million of free cash. We received $1.25 billion right now without the effect of discounting. So again, we feel like really no matter how you cut it, the valuation is pretty strong. If you compare to the deal that we did also with Equinor, six months prior, you had two real differences. One, the back end of the curve has come down probably $0.50. So that impacts value. The prior deal also had asset swap component. So that obviously muddies it a little bit. That was also a strategic exit for them out of US onshore operations. There's probably some element of a premium for that. But overall, we feel like it's a really strong outcome out of the entirety of the process.
Bert Donnes: And just to clarify, so on the A&D, does it work both ways? Is it -- you were saying that you got value for later periods strip pricing. Are you seeing that on other side when you're looking at potentially acquiring assets? Does that work with sellers as well?
Jeremy Knop: I think it just depends. It's hard to say. It just depends on the environment. I think for core assets, you're more likely to see value for those -- that longer-term inventory. But I think in the mode we are in right now, we've gone through what Toby and I like to think of it as like a transformation area of EQT in the last five years. M&A has been a very key part of that to transform EQT into the lowest cost producer with most inventory. I think where we're at today, there's no other assets out there that compare to what we've built. So I don't think we're as focused on M&A going forward. I think we look at -- if we have extra cash available, where can we actually put that to work acquisitively and buy the most duration of inventory at the lowest cost, let's just buy enough shares back. Historically, we haven't really had that option because we didn't -- our business wasn't the character of what it is now. But I think going forward, that's what you're going to see us focus pretty heavily on once we clear the balance sheet and ensure that through the cycle, we have the ability to do that with confidence.
Bert Donnes: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question for today comes from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Noel Parks: Good morning. I was really interested to hear your comments about just as you have become more integrated again, your thoughts about volatility going forward. And do you see us reaching a point where this volatility winds up reflected in the strip, I'm thinking about how low the liquidity is out beyond a year or so compared to what we saw in prior eras, where I guess there is just more speculative capital out there. So just curious what your thoughts on that.
Jeremy Knop: I think you -- I mean what -- look, what the market will be short of is storage capacity. The way to incentivize more storage capacity to get built, especially like short-cycle self-storage is you need seasonal spreads to widen out. And so I think as the market evolves in the years ahead I think you will see summer winter spreads widen out quite a bit from where they are because that's the incentive to build that storage capacity. I think the other place you will see that begin to be expressed is in the options market. So that's what I'd be looking towards in terms of like how is the market going to price that extra volatility.
Noel Parks: Got it. Storage again, always comes to the floor sooner or later. And I'm just wondering, as you have outlined your strategy around curtailments and just how those can be useful. Do any of your scenarios that you look at contemplate the possibility of LNG capacity that have been planned, getting pushed out and its start-up. And with your strategy, I was just trying to get a sense of whether that could actually be something favorable for you if sort of that demand burst, given your cost structure and everything does get delayed or more or less neutral effect?
Toby Rice: Yes. If that happens, gas prices would react more lower prices. And I think it's reflect on why we've worked so hard to position this business to really get our cost structure to where it is to withstand those low-cost environments and not have to curtail activity. I mean I think it's just a matter of time before this gas demand comes, and being able to get through those troughs and remain unhedged, so you can take advantage of the higher prices when that demand does come is how we've set up the business. And I think it's -- the volatility that will come, whether it's LNG or weather events or geopolitical instances. I mean, step back and look at the last few years, we've seen some major things happen that have created some pretty big opportunities. We've positioned the business to be able to take advantage of those. And I think to your prior question on like pricing in the strip, I think it's the dynamic that we've proven in the third quarter that being able to curtail opportunistically has translated to higher realized pricing, I think that opportunity is going to be hard to model when you look at companies and just pick a gas price because we are going to be moving our volumes, curtailing them and optimizing for better pricing.
Jeremy Knop: Noel, if your question -- I'm trying to think about what exactly you mean by some of this, too. If your question is getting at, for example, Golden Pass or other facilities getting delayed, call it, the back half of next year. I think one of the most bullish things for the gas market right now is if all that capacity comes online in a very short amount of time, so if that facility really comes online towards the end of 2025, along with other facilities instead of slowing progressively, I think you're going to see just say it's 3 Bcf that comes online in a very short order. Over 365 days, that's a TCF of incremental demand. Producers simply cannot respond that quickly and that is a material swing in US balances. If that happens, I actually think while it is a little more bearish near-term, I think once that happens and as you get into 2026 that is unbelievably bullish. So, look, we're going to be opportunistic. I think we're going to be well-positioned for whatever happens either way. But that's kind of a silver lining to some of this getting delayed and really getting stacked together all at the same time, potentially in the back half of next year.
Noel Parks: Right. That was exactly what I was getting out your remark earlier about longer prices stay low and it suppresses overall industry activity, the harder it is to come back beyond DUCs and TILs to build activity back. So that was, kind of, what I was thinking. Thanks.
Operator: All right. Thank you all for joining. That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the EQT Second Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I now like to turn the call over to Cameron Horwitz, Managing Director, Investor Relations and Strategy. You may begin.
Cameron Horwitz: Good morning and thank you for joining our second quarter 2024 earnings results conference call. With me today are Toby Rice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeremy Knop, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Toby and Jeremy will present their prepared remarks with a question-and-answer session to follow. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website and we will reference certain slides during today’s discussion. A replay of today’s call will be available on our website beginning this evening. I’d like to remind you that today’s call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results and future events could materially differ from these forward-looking statements because of the factors described in yesterday’s earnings release, in our investor presentation, the Risk Factors section of our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Today’s call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our most recent earnings release and investor presentation for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. With that, I will turn the call over to Toby.
Toby Rice: Thanks Cam, and good morning, everyone. This week marked a significant milestone in the history of our company as we closed the acquisition of Equitrans Midstream transforming EQT into America's only large-scale, vertically integrated natural gas business. To put the significance of our combined companies into perspective, EQT's assets now encompass nearly 2 million acres of leasehold, producing more than 6 Bcfe per day with almost 4,000 low-cost remaining drilling locations, more than 2,000 miles of gathering lines with greater than 8 Bcfe per day of throughput, nearly 500 miles of water lines, 43 Bcfe of natural gas storage, 800,000 horsepower of compression, almost 950 miles of critical transmission infrastructure, plus the newly commissioned 300-mile Mountain Valley Pipeline, all of which are located at the Gateway of Appalachia, and ideally positioned to serve growing U.S. and international natural gas demand for decades to come. This combination creates a differentiated business model among the U.S. energy landscape, as EQT is now at the absolute low end of the North American natural gas cost curve. A low cost structure is the only competitive advantage one can have in a commodity business, and with the closing of Equitrans’ acquisition, EQT's unlevered free cash flow breakeven price is projected to be $2 per million BTU which further downside potential upon synergy capture. This cost profile structurally derisks our business in the low parts of the commodity cycle which in turn eliminates the longer term need to defensively hedge thus unlocking unmatched upside to higher price environments. We believe the sustainable cost structure advantage combined with our scale, peer leading inventory depth, low emissions profile and world-class operating team offers the best risk -adjusted exposure to natural gas prices of any publicly investible asset in the world. I also want to welcome Equitrans employees and shareholders to the EQT crew. We're excited to get to work on locking the full potential of our combined company's asset base. With the acquisition closing a full quarter ahead of our original timeline, we estimate savings of nearly $150 million relative to our initial underwriting assumptions even before synergies. We're also able to more rapidly mobilize our integration team which has a proven track record of turning around EQT and efficiently integrating three large-scale acquisitions over the past several years including seamlessly onboarding an entire midstream division with the XcL acquisition last fall. This accelerated closing amplifies our momentum and pulls forward our timeline to synergy capture. We have continued to study synergy potential since announcement and have identified further upside potential driven by completion efficiency gains through water asset integration which is on top of early compression uplift results that are exceeding our high-end synergy assumption and we plan to share additional details as our teams work through the integration process. Shifting gears June 14th, 2024 marked a historic moment of progress for our country as natural gas began flowing through Mountain Valley Pipeline. The gas moving through this critical infrastructure will provide low cost, low emission energy to millions of Americans while strengthening our national security. The upstream development underpinning flows on MVP will generate hundreds of millions of dollars of royalties every year to local communities in the Appalachian region while supporting well-paying private sector jobs. Downstream, the delivery of low cost Appalachian gas will strengthen the competitiveness of American manufacturers whose energy input costs will be a fraction of the price paid by global competitors, which should further support a manufacturing renaissance in America. MVP will also provide utilities access to cheap, reliable fuel to power America's data center and artificial intelligence buildout which is one of the strongest secular growth stories in the world. Since announcing the Equitrans’ acquisition earlier this year, we have fielded significant inbound interest from end users of gas in the region, underscoring the depth of demand in the value of EQT's MVP capacity. MVP's volumes alone are estimated to reduce carbon emissions by up to 60 million tons per year via displacement of legacy coal generation, which to put in context is five times the emission reductions associated with Tesla's electric vehicles. In fact, thanks to MVP's completion, EVs in the southeast region can now run on low-emission EQT gas delivered through MVP, rather than the coal generation powering many of them today. Given the regional exposure, upstream inventory depth, and counterparty quality, we believe MVP is among the most valuable natural gas pipelines in the world, and EQT is honored to be the operator and steward of this critical infrastructure. Turning to second quarter results, we experienced yet another quarter of operational outperformance marked again by incremental efficiency gains. A tangible example of this on our recent Mallory C Pad in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, where our top-holed rigs recently drilled the fastest well to kick-off point in EQT history, with the overall average drilling time to kick off point across the pad being 25% faster than the offset wells we drilled in 2022. This efficiency improvement is resulting in tangible well cost savings as the average top-holed drilling cost on the Mallory C Pad came in 14% below our pre-drill estimate. Within completions, recent improvements in logistics planning and water throughput have driven materially faster completion times on our latest wells. Our average footage completed per day is up 6% year-over-year thus far in 2024, but our most recent pads implementing new logistics techniques have outpaced our average 2023 completion speed by more than 35%, indicating the potential for material future capital efficiency improvements. Notably, this average excludes a pad we are currently fracking, which today has seen completed footage per day that is a whopping 120% faster than our 2023 program average and set a new EQT standard with more than 3,200 feet of lateral completed in a single day. As I mentioned previously, we believe the integration of EQT and Equitrans’ water systems can help sustain these completion efficiency improvements as streamlining water logistics is one of the most imperative elements to systematically increasing completed footage per day. Despite efficiency gains accelerating activity into Q2, our second quarter CapEx still came in below the midpoint of our guidance range, highlighting how operational efficiency gains are driving tangible per well cost savings. Alongside well cost savings, we are also seeing strong well performance across our asset base, which drove upside to our second quarter volumes despite price related curtailments. As shown on slide 6 of our investor deck, this represents a continuation of the track record of productivity gains that have been a hallmark of EQT since new management took over in 2019. Over this period, third party data shows we have seen a nearly 40% improvement in average EUR per lateral foot, while most of our peers have seen productivity degradation as core inventory is exhausted. As a result, EQT is now generating the highest average EUR per foot of any major operator across the Appalachian Basin. I also want to highlight this productivity improvement has come despite a material increase in field pressures across Equitrans’ gathering system over the same period, which essentially makes it more difficult to flow our wells. We see significant upside from investing in compression to lower system pressures, which in turn should further improve well productivity and further reduce our upstream maintenance capital requirements in future years. On slide 7 of our investor deck, we highlight data from three recent infield examples showing how impactful adding compression and lowering line pressure can be on existing wells. After lowering system pressures by approximately 300 PSI, we saw per well production rates immediately jump by roughly 50% on average across the three projects. Over the first 12 months post-pressure reduction, we forecast cumulative production gains ranging from 18% to 27%, which in effect, lowers our base PDP decline rate and we believe will translate to higher EURS per well. Notably, the average production uplift from these projects is approximately 2x more than what we assumed in our $175 million per annum of upside synergies with the E-Train deal, indicating potential for even more positive benefit than we originally expected. These concrete examples underscore the impact of adding compression to lower system pressures on thousands of producing wells that comprise EQT's base production. This uplift on base volumes should in turn allow us to drill and complete fewer wells to maintain production, driving sustainable improvements and long-term capital efficiency. We are currently in the process of identifying optimal compression locations across the E-Train system and expect the tailwinds from lower maintenance capital to begin accruing in 2026. Turning to our recent ESG report, I am proud to highlight that we took another material step forward towards our ambitious environmental goals as our 2023 Scope 1 and 2 legacy production segment, greenhouse gas emissions declined by 35% year-over-year to approximately 281,000 tons. We have now reduced our historical Scope 1 and 2 production emissions by nearly 70% over the past five years and are squarely on track to achieve our ambitious and peer leading net zero goal by 2025. From an emissions intensity perspective, we achieved our 2025 greenhouse gas emissions intensity goal of 160 tons per Bcfe, a full year ahead of schedule. Looking at methane after significantly outperforming our pneumatic device replacement timeline, the methane intensity from our production operations is now 0.0074%, which is more than 60% below our 2025 goal and 97% below the one future 2025 target, making EQT among the lowest methane intensity producers of natural gas anywhere in the world. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Knop : Thanks, Toby. Before I summarize Q2 results, I want to take a moment to thank our shareholders for the tremendous show of support in last week's vote on the Equitrans acquisition, of EQT shares cast more than 99% voted in favor of the deal despite this being an unconventional acquisition relative to what investors have become accustomed to in upstream M&A over the past decade. We see this vote underscoring the strong support from investors. They share a philosophical view that being at the absolute low end of the cost curve will create differentiated and sustainable long-term value amid a volatile commodity price landscape. Since taking over EQT in 2019, we as a management team have never been more [inaudible] that this company is on the right strategic path, and we look forward to continuing our track record of execution on behalf of our shareholders. Shifting to second quarter results, as planned, we curtailed one Bcf per day of growth production throughout most of the quarter, which along with non-operated curtailments impacted net production by approximately 60 Bcfe during Q2. Despite curtailments, strong operational efficiency and well performance drove production of 508 Bcfe above the high end of our guidance range. Per unit operating costs came in at $1.40 per Mcfe below the low end of guidance due to LOE and G&A expenses coming in below expectations. CapEx also came in below the midpoint of guidance despite an accelerated development pace, as efficiency gains drove lower than expected well costs. Turning to the balance sheet, we're off to a fast start on our deleveraging plan as we repaid $600 million of 2025 senior notes last month with cash on hand and proceeds from the Equitrans transaction. We exited the quarter with net debt of roughly $4.9 billion down from $5.7 billion at the end of 2023. Concurrent with the closing of Equitrans, we also upsized our revolver from $2.5 billion to 3.5 billion, which speaks to the depth of support for our bank group. This revolver is on par with the largest companies in the energy industry and gives us ample liquidity to handle any foreseeable natural gas price scenario moving forward. With the close of Equitrans this week, pro forma gross debt is expected to be approximately $13.5 billion, inclusive over the redemption of Equitrans is 14% preferred equity at closing. With the deal closing sooner than we originally anticipated, we expect our deleveraging timetable to be pulled forward by approximately six months. On the midstream side, we plan to pursue a minority equity sale of Equitrans as regulated assets, which are projected to generate approximately $700 million of adjusted EBITDA. This strategy will allow EQT to retain full operational control and upside value associated with synergy capture and future pipeline expansions. We're also marketing the remaining 60% of our non-operated assets in Northeast Pennsylvania and are in active discussions with both domestic and international buyers. We continue to target reducing our long-term debt to $5 billion to $7 billion and are highly confident in achieving our goal. Alongside planned after sales, we have further de-risked our deleveraging plan by increasing our near-term hedge position. We're approximately 60% hedged in the second half of 2024 with an average floor price of roughly $3.30 per MMBtu and approximately 60% hedged in the first half of 2025 at an average floor price of roughly $3.20 per MMBtu. We are actively building our hedge position in the second half of 2025 in order to bulletproof our deleveraging plan in any reasonable natural gas price scenario. Turning briefly to the Appalachia macro landscape, while the pace of eastern storage builds is moderated, absolute storage levels remain high on the back of warm winter weather last year, thus pressuring Appalachia pricing this year. In response to market fundamentals, we continue to tactically curtail production, including over the past weeks, and expect to continue this tactical curtailment program during the upcoming fall shoulder season. To this end, our second half 2024 production guidance assumes 90 Bcfe of anticipated curtailments, which should have a meaningful impact on both eastern and total U.S. storage levels as the market wraps up injection season. I want to highlight that normalized for the roughly 180 Bcfe of total curtailments that we expect this year, our production would have been above the high end of our original 2024 guidance range, which speaks to the productivity and operational efficiency gains that Toby spoke to a few minutes ago. While Appalachian storage is elevated today, the startup of MVP last month should provide support to Appalachian differentials moving forward. To put MVP's impact in context, assuming MVP flows at just half of its capacity on average for a year implies 300 to 400 Bcf of gas that otherwise would end up in Eastern storage that now will be directed to the Southeast demand centers. Given total maximum Eastern storage is roughly 975 Bcf, MVP flows represent a material and structural shift and local supply and demand fundamentals, which in turn should help tighten local basis over the coming years. In fact, between MVP coal retirements and organic load growth, we see implied Appalachian demand approaching 41 Bcf per day by 2030 compared with 35 to 36 Bcf per day of current basin supply, which should translate to better local pricing and present a sustainable growth opportunity for EQT at some point in the coming years, given we have the deepest, highest quality inventory of any operator in the basin. Turning to guidance, we have issued pro forma Q3 and Q4 metrics on slide 29 of our investor presentation. Our cash operating expenses are expected to range from approximately $1.10 to $1.25 per Mcfe in the second half of the year, which at the midpoint is roughly $0.25 per Mcfe below our standalone operating expenses in Q2. This reflects the benefit of eliminating expenses associated with the Equitrans acquisition or the most notable movement being our gathering rates, which are forecasted to decline from $0.59 per Mcfe in Q2 to just $0.05 to $0.09 per Mcfe in the second half of the year. Inclusive of the benefits from third-party revenue and the full run rate distributions from our MVP ownership, our net operating expense should equate to roughly $0.75 to $0.85 per Mcfe by the fourth quarter, which is approximately $0.60 per Mcfe lower than standalone EQT and drive home the relative advantage of our vertically integrated cost structure. It's also worth highlighting that we do not embed any of the $250 million of base synergies into our Q3 or Q4 numbers as we have conservatively modeled base synergy capture beginning in mid-2025. As I mentioned previously, our second half 2024 production outlook embeds approximately 90 Bcfe of strategic curtailments this fall, which we will opportunistically execute should gas prices remain depressed. I'd note that curtailments are driving approximately $0.05 per Mcfe of upward pressure on our second half 2024 cost structure. So our 2025 expenses should be even lower than the range as I cited previously. While we still need to go through our full budgeting process for 2025, we preliminarily expect an all in pro forma capital budget in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.6 billion. Beyond 2025, we forecast long term pro forma capital spending ranging from $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion per annum prior to capturing the $175 million of upside annual synergies we laid out with the Equitrans acquisition announcement. Said another way, our long term capital spending inclusive of Equitrans should essentially be in line with standalone EQT capital spend in 2024. And this is before capturing upside synergies, which speaks to the structural capital efficiency improvements accruing in our upstream business. At recent strip pricing, we forecast pro forma cumulative free cash flow of approximately $16.5 billion from 2025 to 2029 in an average annual gas price of roughly $3.60 per MMBtu over this period. Even assuming a $2.75 natural gas price over this period, EQT will still generate north of $9 billion of five year cumulative free cash flow. While the bulk of our peers would be cash flow neutral or negative, underscoring the power of our low cost structure and highlighting how EQT is uniquely positioned to create differentiated shareholder value in all parts of the commodity cycle. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Toby for some concluding remarks.
Toby Rice: Thanks Jeremy. In closing, July 10th marks the five year anniversary of the EQT takeover. It has been a lifetime of work but passed by in the blink of an eye. We have been reflecting recently on what this management team has accomplished together, taking a struggling company with great assets and transforming it into a best-in-class producer recognized as an industry leader. We have increased production over 50% from 4 Bcfe per day to 6.3 Bcfe per day and have transformed our free cash flow cost structure from $3 per million BTU to a peer-leading $2 per million BTU through operational improvements and thoughtful and accretive M&A deals. Normalized for natural gas prices, we have grown the free cash flow generation of EQT by 5x and increased free cash flow per share by nearly 2x and we have repaired our balance sheet and reattained investment grade credit ratings. Today, we are executing at a high level operationally with identified opportunities and completions and midstream set to drive yet another step change in operational improvements. We are executing financially with a fast start to our deleveraging plan and robust support from our bank group and shareholders and we are executing strategically at an industry leading pace as we continue to transform EQT into the energy company of the future. I'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from a line of Arun Jayaram from J.P. Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, gentlemen. My questions are regarding kind of the asset sales or divestiture program. Jeremy, maybe I was wondering if you could start with the process to sell some of your non-op in the Northeast. Could you gauge the level of interest that you're seeing for the remaining 60%? And do you still believe the market is supportive of a similar valuation marker as you got in the Equitrans transaction?
Jeremy Knop : Hey, Jeremy. Good morning. Yes, we're seeing really good interest. I think I would characterize it as really a renewed set of interest, a lot of new names, actually, in the process from the international space that we didn't see the first time around. So that's been really encouraging, a lot of great engagement. So I think our feeling towards that process remains really positive. And I hope to get that wrapped up by your end.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And then my follow-up is you've highlighted kind of a structure you planned to pursue in terms of carving out your regulated assets and selling a minority interest in those assets. Do you plan to reduce gross debt at the EQT parent level as part of that process? And just a question that's come up is, do you, what type of partner approvals, is there a row for an MVP but could you just go through some of those types of things that you need to do to process that the next phase of your leveraging program?
Jeremy Knop : Yes, taking the route that we outlined in the prepared remarks actually bypasses most of the sort of considerations you might typically get hung up in with like drag rides, tag rides, and a deal like that. So it really simplifies it and I think it really provides a better, higher quality, more diverse set of assets to back an investment which drives the cost of capital down. So look, we've spent a lot of time, we've had a lot of discussions with a lot of parties on this already, even pre-closing. And so with closing happening a couple days ago, we're really in the thick of getting that data organized so we can kick that process off. And I hope to be able to get that wrapped up as soon as yearend. It might bleed into early Q1 but I think there's a real chance that all gets wrapped up this year as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Wolfe Research.
Doug Leggate: Hey guys, thanks for having me on and congratulations. I didn't quite realize it'd been five years Toby. It has indeed flown by. I've got two quick questions, I hope. The first one is on the capital budget for the next two or three years alongside the compression results that you've had. What we're trying to figure out is how much of the spending is related to that de-bottle making, if you like, and when does it roll over so that you basically get back to a steady state level of spending associated with your growing program?
Toby Rice: Yes Doug, thanks for the question. On the compression, higher level, we just refer to this as pressure system optimization across our systems. We think this is going to be about a few hundred million dollars. Now the timing of that, there's some lead time there, so that's probably going to start maybe 12 months from now, and that could span over a couple of years just determining on the type of pace that we see. But that being said, we have in our ‘25 budget right now, we have included some cushion to be able to get those projects started as quickly as possible. And the results that we showed, the pilot that we showed today about the compression uplift is really encouraging and will lead to some really exciting returns that we'd like to accelerate as quickly as possible.
Jeremy Knop : Yes Doug, welcome back by the way. If you look at what we've put in our new slide deck that we put out last time, we put a couple case studies in from some recent pad level compression projects that we've installed. These are not a perfect proxy to centralized compression, which is a lot, it's going to have a much broader impact superior to what these examples show. But even those examples at $3 gas, I mean these are, you're generating 2.5x to 3x your money on that compression on just the pad level. So again, on a centralized basis, it's going to be higher than that. And then beyond just uplifting that base PDP for the existing production, you're going to see an impact on all of our future development as well. So the rate of return on this compression is superior to probably any well we could pick to drill. And as Toby said, the spend amount is really not that much. When you space it out across a couple of years on an annual basis, it's mitigated even more. But if you look at slide 8 of our investor presentation, the delta between that 2025 guidance number and then what we call long term right below that, you can kind of think about that as the annual difference in sort of uplift and spending we might see in a given year while we're doing that before reverting to a much lower range long term. And as a reminder that lower range that we show from $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion long term that excludes the $175 million of synergies that we called upside synergies. So I would say that upside synergy assumption assumed a level of uplift from compression less than what we're already seeing on even a pad level basis. So I think that number is probably even biased higher as we see the benefits of these projects come to fruition.
Doug Leggate: So guys I'm sorry for the follow-up but just to simplify it. So would it be a stretch to say that when you get to that point with the synergies your run rate capital could be under $2 billion?
Toby Rice: That's correct. That's a simple way to put it up.
Doug Leggate: Okay, that's what I was trying to get to. Thank you, guys. My follow-up is a quick one. Hopefully Jeremy, managed to right down your fairway. Why is any ownership of the regulated assets make sense?
Jeremy Knop : Yes, that's a great question, actually. It's something we've kind of debated internally as we've thought about the right structure here. So for the regulated assets specifically, if you start with the transmission storage segment of Equitrans, that is really an extension of the gathering system. There are a lot of big header pipes that cross state lines, and so they are regulated. Maintaining the right pressures on those systems, being able to control things like expansions, is really integral to managing the gathering systems appropriately. And then when you think about those pipes then flowing into a longer distance regulated pipeline like MVP, maintaining that interconnection, that pressure at an appropriate level, it all kind of works together as a single system. And then as we think about MVP, as we talked about last quarter, the expansion on that project, we think is a highly economic expansion. That's something that we want to get done to evacuate more gas out of Appalachia and get it to a premium end market in the southeast. We want to make sure that project happens. Whether 5 or 10 years from now, it makes sense to still own something like MVP. Once all that expansion is completed, I think that's something we'll always evaluate. But I think at this juncture, we do want to maintain the operatorship and ownership of it.
Toby Rice: Yes, Doug, I'd say at a very high level, what we're doing here at EQT is creating a culture that is going to be able to pick up every penny, nickel and dime within our operating footprint. And one of the ways that we can drive the value creation is to expand the size of the operational footprint. And so there is an element of having those transmissions, a bigger commercial system, is going to make it a little bit easier for us to identify and capture some of those opportunities. So that's just another factor that we have in the back of our heads as well.
Doug Leggate: I guess that's pretty clear. Thanks for taking my questions in place and thanks for your comments, Jeremey.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Yes, congratulations on closing the transaction, team. Two questions on the macro here. First is just can you talk through your hedging strategy, both near and long term, and how does the E-Train acquisition play into your hedging decisions going forward as you want to take advantage of the volatile market that you talk about.
Jeremy Knop : Yes, good morning, Neil. I'll break it into kind of two pieces. Near term, it's really all focused on balance sheet, de-risking, de-leveraging. I call that through 2025. Beyond 2025, I think our view is the deal we just did not only unlocks the value we've been talking about, but it really provides a structural hedge for our business. So the need to hedge beyond that. We won't have financial leverage to really protect. We won't have operating leverage to protect. And so we don't really have to hedge at all. I think if we do, it'll be more opportunistic, but it'll be pretty small in nature probably at max around a 20% level if we just get really bearish on the outlook for some reason. But otherwise, I think the goal strategically of what we're trying to do is set ourselves up where we don't have to hedge, because we see so much more upside than downside. But I think as you've even seen this year you've seen gas prices go as low as about $1.60, rebounded over $3, and now trade back towards $2, right. So you're already seeing this theme of volatility play out. And the best way to capture value from that is to not have to hedge. And so that's really the long-term plan and how we're trying to position.
Neil Mehta: That's helpful. And then can you just talk through, you've done a great job walking us through your long-term views around data centers and power demand growth, which we agree is a very compelling story. 2025 is a little trickier just because you've got some pushout of some major projects like Golden Pass, and we're trying to digest the spare capacity that might be in the system too. So how do you think about the supply demand outlook for gas as we think about 2025, and what are you guys watching as markers?
Jeremy Knop : Yes, so I think the key thing we're watching probably going into yearend is production. I think this number hovering around 102, it's a healthy number, but if you see a surge into winter again, if other producers turn on a lot of volume, I think we are watching for that because that could be a near-term headwind to price. I think at most that would impact the first half of 2025. I know the team at Goldman has been pushed out into 2026 for a golden path and service date. I think with some of the updates that we've seen even this week with that bankruptcy process of Zachry Holdings, it seems like that might get pulled back forward, but a couple of these key factors on the LNG side are really going to drive that. So I see it really is a story of production and a story of LNG. I don't beyond that see any sort of step change benefits necessarily in 2025 that are going to move the needle nearly as much as those two factors.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Scott Hanold from RBC.
Scott Hanold: Good morning. Hey, a question on now that MVP is online, I'm just kind of curious is there any change in the dynamics you're seeing in the Appalachian or the Southeast market now that's flowing and related to that, have you seen any moves by some of the Appalachian producers to increase activity given the, obviously extraction of some of the volumes in the basin?
Jeremy Knop : Yes, so this is actually something really exciting that we've been really pleasantly surprised by. So I guess on the production side, we have not seen any reaction. So we have, production continues to be flat consistent with our expectations. What has surprised us though is that in that end market, we model the way we sort of mark that station 165 pricing where we're selling gas, we've sort of modeled it around a $0.20 premium dip to M2 pricing. We have seen pricing recently kind of average $0.50 to $0.70 above, so significantly higher than what we have assumed. And there have been periods of time where it's well worth $1 above M2. And so I think we've been really encouraged by how much gas that market has been taking. Part of it has been impacted by some maintenance on Transco, but I think for being a midsummer period, seeing that demand and that premium price already show up, I think is an awesome really early side marker. And so I think that the benefit we might see in winter periods could be even better as well, and certainly better than maybe what we have forecasted, but it's still early. There's a new price marker that flat put out for that station 165 market. So we're watching like everybody else to see how that develops, but I think all signs are pointing to a really positive direction on that.
Toby Rice: Yes, Scott, one other thing I'd just have you take a look at on slide 6 where we talk about the improving EURS for EQT. If you look at sort of where the peers are at and you see in the EURS come down over time, that's just a sign of some of the inventory, the core inventory depletion. The read-through there is there could be some pressure against operators and their willingness to go out there and accelerate or grow purely just to preserve inventory. So that's another thing that's happening in the background and there's only a couple operators that really have high-quality inventory like EQT and [inaudible] where we've been pretty vocal in staying in this maintenance mode, but continue to supply the market. So I think that's an important backdrop just to keep in the back of your head.
Scott Hanold: I appreciate that. Sounds good. Here's my follow-up, Toby. Look, you've been never shy to discuss politics from time to time. And as it relates to being a gas producer, what do you think the biggest issues are for the upcoming election? Like, what are the things that are you really focused on?
Toby Rice: Well, I'd say we align our politics with the politics of our customers, which is every American that uses our products. So we don't try and be too biased one way or the other, just really centered on the facts. Listen, I think we're in a period of time where people are only going to get smarter about energy. There are some clips talking about some politicians talking about banning fracking. And this is a time for us as an industry and as Americans to hold leaders accountable for statements that I think are really damaging and cause completely unintended impacts. I mean, as it relates to hydraulic fracturing and the ban of that. We cannot ignore the science on this. Over 10 years it's been studied in under the Obama administration. The EPA put out a report saying hydraulic fracturing is safe. And understanding the implications of these type of decisions 98% of the wells in this country require hydraulic fracturing. That goes away. You snap your fingers and the production in the United States, which we fought for decades to create America as an energy powerhouse, would sort of evaporate. And we'd see production in this country drop 35%. That's going to lead to a lot of terrible things. And the ironic thing is as an oil and gas operator this is a price times volume game, our production at EQT would go down call it 25%, our corporate decline, but price would skyrocket. And that's the tough part here is that it would actually be constructive for prices but it be bad for Americans and that's why we need to make sure our politicians are putting the right policies in place with all the crazy things that are happening in this world we're really encouraged to see that energy is still at the top of the list of the as a key issue for American voters and it's something that we need to take very seriously.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Josh Silverstein from UBS.
Josh Silverstein: Good morning, guys. Just on the [inaudible] for next year I'm trying to think about the trajectory of the natural gas volumes. Do we think about no kind of the second half run rate going forward with the curtailment coming back? Do you think you'd probably keep this the volumes curtailed? So maybe a little bit more clarity there will be helpful. Thanks.
Jeremy Knop : Yes, Josh, I think in our view it's just maintenance mode. I mean I think in our prepared remarks we commented that if we had not retailed this year, we would have been above the high end of the range originally that was 2,300 Bcfe on the high end, We're running our business in maintenance mode so I would expect looking at the next year that's the volume level you look at. I think the only difference there is that the divestment of our non-op interest in some of the transaction impacts from that but aside from that we're running enough in a steady maintenance of cadence.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. So that kind of around maybe like 550 or kind of quarterly Candance or around them?
Jeremy Knop : Yes, call it 550 to 600 hangs on a quarter.
Josh Silverstein: Right, got it, okay, so still growth in the next year relative to the back half , got it. Okay. And then just on the pro forma kind of cash flow profile, when you first announced the transaction with E-Train, you mentioned about 30% of the pro forma cash flow would be midstream. I'm wondering if that still holds given that the minority sales that you guys are looking at what the number actually be lower and if it is lower would you want to reduce that even further to where you guys want to be performing? Thanks.
Jeremy Knop : Yes, it really comes down to kind of what value and multiple we would sell that at. But yes, I mean, all else equal, if you sell down some of that, it should drop a little bit. But that's factored into how we look at pro forma leverage already. So I don't think it really impacts how we think about our plans. And the only other thing that's going to impact that next year, too, is obviously gas prices. So if prices decline or go up a lot, that percent of midstream is going to oscillate with that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Roger Reed from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everybody. I'd like to take a look slide 11, you have the organic deleveraging and the free cash flow expectations, ‘25 through ‘29. I'm just curious. Clearly, you're not going to be aggressive on the hedging side in the future. So what's sort of the underlying assumption on gas prices, gas volumes that gets us the numbers you lay out there?
Jeremy Knop : Yes, so the numbers we look at on page 11 are really based on our internal assumptions around the asset sales and then where strip pricing is today. But look, that's the reason why we're also hedging. If you look at just organic free cash flow, really between now and the end of 2025, at $2.75 gas prices, you're still generating over $1 billion of free cash flow. So I really, in any case that we've laid out, if we take a more conservative lean to that, if things just go wrong in the macro for whatever reason, I think we still feel really good about that assumption. That initial target we have, the specific target of $7.5 billion by the end of 2025, I'd call that our initial target level. I think that's within a margin of safety that the rating agencies outlined for us. But longer term, we would like to take that lower. That's why we talked about that $5 billion to $7 billion level. That could oscillate in time, depending on where we are in the cycle, depending on the opportunities of where else to invest cash. And look, we also want to very intentionally position ourselves so we have ample liquidity so that if there is volatility in the macro landscape and in our stock, that we're positioned to step in and buy a lot of stock back counter-stick quickly. If you don't pay down debt below a mid-cycle level, if you don't have a lot of liquidity, you can't do that. So another example of that revolver we just expanded by $1 billion to a $3.5 billion size, that's also trying to tee up and position ourselves for volatility and to take advantage of those opportunities. So this is all kind of placed hand in hand together with how we're trying to position ourselves to maximize value as we reallocate capital in the coming years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum from TD Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks Toby and Jeremy for taking my questions. I wanted to just go back to the capital progression just in the context of the benefits that you've seen on the upstream side, I think you highlighted obviously the impressive achievements is getting your cycle times down on completions, like 35%. How much of that is reflected in the reduction in spend in ‘25 versus ‘24? And I guess just in conjunction with that, how much do you expect upstream CapEx to moderate next year?
Toby Rice: Yes, we have a small amount of those completion efficiencies baked into our ‘25 plan right now given the newness of this step change in completion efficiencies, we want to see a little bit more time, but we'll continue to add that back in there. And in the second part of the question?
David Deckelbaum: I was just thinking about this if you think year-over-year, what you're spending on upstream in ‘25 in that $2.3 billion to $2.6 billion versus this year?
Toby Rice: Yes, I would say, we think the upstream spending profile is going to be pretty similar to what we had pre-E -Train. I'd say that the impacts of the reduced CapEx are going to really start once those compression projects start hitting the front lines, which I'd say ballpark 12 to 18 months before that slope down. So everything that you're seeing in the upstream spending now is really just driven by base operating efficiencies and balancing the service pricing we see.
Jeremy Knop : David, from like a modeling perspective, I think about it this way at a high level. We've baked in the guidance we've given on those capital cost numbers. We've baked in all the capital costs, but we haven't baked in the benefits. We haven't baked in the, really the completion benefits, nearly to the level that we're actually seeing right now, we haven't baked in the $175 million of upside synergies even though the more work we do I think our bias is that that number probably grows. So I think there's a lot still on the table beyond what we have given out that we're hopeful to achieve but it's still early innings and so we want to see more definitive results there before we actually bake that into our definitive guidance.
David Deckelbaum: Yes, thanks, Jeremy. Just continuing on that I guess that long-term guidance of $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion at the midpoint is it fair to say that that's just reflecting the benefits from the installed compression bringing down that upstream budget relative to sort of the $2.3 billion the $2.6 billion in ’25?
Toby Rice: No, we'd say that $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion really reflects that the spend on the compression is behind us. As we mentioned earlier in the call that $175 million of annual cost reductions as a result of that spending would be -- reduce that $2.1 billion $2.4 billion lower so I think we're going to just continue to quantify this and then you can see that come down in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Kevin MacCurdy from Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hey, good morning. We appreciate all the details on 2025 included in slide 8 and the further commentary you've offered in the Q&A. I have just a few more clarifying questions on that slide. I guess my first question is does the adjusted EBITDA number include the MVP distributions for next year and it's just annualizing your 4Q guidance kind of a good run rate for that?
Jeremy Knop : That number that EBITDA number actually does not include the MVP distributions because that's going to be more of an equity method investment. So we'll provide clarity on that as we go forward. And the second part of your question was what again?
Kevin MacCurdy: And if it's just a good estimate to annualize the fourth quarter guidance for the MVP distribution for 2025.
Jeremy Knop : Yes, I think it is for MVP specifically. I think on a whole company basis, the main impact was what we noted in our remarks earlier that curtailments are skewing the per unit cost metrics higher. So I think as you look into 2025, if you were to look at per unit metrics, those should skew lower, assuming no curtailments. But otherwise I think it should be a pretty decent proxy, which is why we broke it out separately.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And then you mentioned that this outlook was built using a maintenance production number. What is the risk of shut-ins coming back next year? And how have you thought about that in terms of your free cash flow or does the lower cost structure kind of reduce that shut-in risk?
Jeremy Knop : Yes, we don't proactively, on like a year ahead basis, bake in things like shut-ins, that's more of in response to the market. So if we did say the whole thesis in ’25 -‘26 analogy just got derailed for some reason, and there was a need to curtail, that would take production below that this sort of quarterly annualized number that I think you were getting at. But that's something that I think we would address more real-time as the market evolve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jake Roberts with TPH.
Jake Roberts: Good morning. Maybe staying on that topic, is there any difference in how we should be thinking about the curtailments being baked into the guide of the back half of this year relative to what we saw in the first half? And what we're trying to think about is if there's a change in ECT's elasticity of supply between the two periods, perhaps with MVP online.
Jeremy Knop : No, I don't think MVP impacts that at all. I think we maintain full flexibility. I do think having midstream wholly owned where those MVCs effectively have been integrated away, I think that does give us a tremendous amount more flexibility to be a little more, yes, I guess really to pursue curtailments more than maybe we had in the past where we felt like we otherwise had a big debt obligation we're having to pay to the midstream service provider. But I think our reaction in the back half this year is more just governed by pricing. We haven't changed sort of the pricing levels we outlined earlier this year where we would look to curtail just because we own the midstream. I think we still have that sort of floor threshold level sort of focused on earning returns on shareholder capital, not just well CapEx, not just maintaining realized pricing above cash cost. It's got to be higher than that. So that's why we're proactively trying to guide to that.
Jake Roberts: Got it. Thank you. Quick second one. On slide 7, the three sites you've highlighted, I think you mentioned that you see kind of thousands of opportunities across the field to implement this. Can you give a sense of which how many wells each site touches, so to speak?
Toby Rice: Well, I wouldn't say that that would be the way we think about it. I would just say at a very high level, we just look at the system pressures. We've got over a dozen gathering systems that are all hydraulically connected. Each one of those has operating pressure that is sort of based on the amount of volume that's going through there, vintage of the wells that feed that, drive that. We also layer in where our development program is going to go and that will influence pressures as well. So there's the exercise that the teams have run through is sort of forecasting what those system pressures look like and then assessing through compression what the productivity uplift will be if we lower the system pressures three, four, 500 PSI and what that will look like. So I would say as a whole, this is a pretty large opportunity for us at EQT and it's really exciting to look at the evolution of the improvements we made in this business. I'd say the last five years have really been focused on optimizing the efforts on site, drilling, completing wells and being more efficient on the production side. But now the efficiencies that we're focused on are going to be really more on the midstream footprint and the actual field wide improvements.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Scialla from Stephens.
Michael Scialla: Yes, good morning, everybody. I just want to ask on the expansion of MPP. Sounds like I heard you right the time frame you're thinking there's maybe five years down the road even though you're seeing pricing they're getting a pretty hefty premium to other parts of the basin. So just wanted to explore that timing is that because you don't think the demand there -- is there right now or just any more color you could provide on the timing of that expansion?
Jeremy Knop : Yes. I'm not sure where the five years came from. I think we're excited to pursue that expansion as soon as possible actually. I think the only the only thing that we would that would cause us any delay is just making sure that it was time to come online with that expansion project on Transco to take all the gas but beyond that I think we were incentivized to get that built as soon as possible. And again that net to EQT that's a cost of probably $200 million to $250 million net to get that built and I would say that the guidance that we have given out in our slide deck that longer-term guidance today. I just say there's ample cushion built in. So I wouldn't expect that CapEx number longer term to really change it all despite the timing that we decide to pursue that expansion project. So that remains something that high on our priority list to get knocked out.
Michael Scialla: No, okay, great. Sorry, I misheard you on that. Have you started an open season there yet, or is that still down the road?
Jeremy Knop : No. I mean we just closed two days ago, so it's a little quick to do that. But I think it's something that we're going to start exploring quickly.
Michael Scialla: Got you. And just want to ask on curtailments, can you say how much you're currently curtailing in that 90 Bcf in the second half? Is that all assumed to be in the third quarter? Any more color you can provide there.
Jeremy Knop : Look, it's in response to the market if we can make money selling gas who wouldn't curtail anything obviously. But our assumption right now is that the majority of those curtailments probably take place in September and October We have curtailed even over the past week some volumes on given days depending on weather depending on maybe it's over a weekend not up quite to a 1 Bcf a day level, but we do on a very dynamic basis optimized realized pricing to make sure that we're optimizing value creation and not just giving our product away for price where we can't make money. And that's what we'll continue to do,
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Noel Parks from Tuohy Brothers.
Noel Parks: Hi, good morning. Just had a couple. I was wondering you talked a bit about the impact of MVP on regional gas storage especially in the east and where do you say we are in really offsetting the effect of seasonality as a big driver of gas pricing LNG eventually as a feed then is going to offset that, but just some thoughts on where you think we are at this point.
Jeremy Knop : Yes, I mean look, winter has always been, and I expect to continue to be the biggest source of demand for natural gas. I think I'd love to see a world where power generation grows and helps increase that demand in the summer time as well, so you kind of see two peaks in the market, but I think it's probably a little too early to say exactly how quickly that develops. Now I will say if you look at our slides from last quarter, what we outlined in power demand growth for natural gas, and the fact that over the past decade you've had increase of about 10 Bcf a day just on the power side, and now what's happening with load growth on top of that, on top of coal retirements, I do think we are moving that direction in time, but it doesn't mean you're getting away from seasonality, it just means that you have a lot of demand at peak summer and a lot of demand peak winter, so I just think the nature that's going to evolve a little bit, and then LNG send out in the middle of that, which also could be somewhat seasonally driven, I think only amplify that seasonality.
Noel Parks: Got it, and I wondered just if you had thoughts on the outlook for industrial demand, both sort of in-region and out-of-region in terms of gas from more of an energy security resiliency level, just taking a greater role and sort of on a microgrid level as power demand overall keeps increasing.
Jeremy Knop : Yes, I mean, look, I think this theme of reshoring manufacturing is going to continue, it seems like they're both sides of the aisle are very supportive of that. I think the sort of deglobalization movement out of Asia for manufacturing will be a tailwind to that. I think energy policy and prices in Europe are a tailwind for that. That is something that is baked into our comments that we made earlier on about Appalachia demand growing upwards by the end of the decade, maybe to 40, 41 Bcf a day. There is a component of that baked in, but I would say the beauty of industrial is it's pretty steady, it's pretty predictable, and I think if you look at recent history of that, it has been flat to slowly growing, and I think that trend should continue. I wouldn't say there's any sort of big catalyst needle movers that should really skew up a fundamentals model all that much.
Toby Rice: Yes, I'd say at a very high level, energy insecurity is going to continue to be a big theme around the world and even in parts of this country, and the volatility that we see is only going to drive consumers of natural gas closer to the source of where that energy is produced to reduce the number of things in between their manufacturing facility and the source of energy. That's one way they can protect their supply and protect their business. And that just is going to mean that we think this volatility is going to drive more in base and demand for natural gas products.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Toby Rice for closing remarks.
Toby Rice: Thanks everybody for being here today. With this being our five year anniversary, I just want to reiterate to everybody that all of the progress that we've made at EQT would not have been possible without the shareholders. It was you that voted 80% to put in a new management team here and give us this opportunity to realize the full potential of EQT. It was you all that voted, brought in a board of directors that has really been amazing at guiding us through this amazing transformation. And with this 99% shareholder vote supporting transformative transaction with the E-Train assets, you've given us a platform to continue this momentum. And we're really excited about working hard for you going forward.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Briana, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the EQT First Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Cameron Horwitz, Managing Director, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead. 
Cameron Horwitz: Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2024 earnings results conference call. With me today are Toby Rice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeremy Knop, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Toby and Jeremy will present their prepared remarks with a question-and-answer session to follow. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of today's call will be available on our website beginning this evening.
 I'd like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results and future events could materially differ from these forward-looking statements because of factors described in yesterday's earnings release, in our investor presentation, the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.
 Today's call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our most recent earnings release and investor presentation for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Toby. 
Toby Rice: Thanks, Cam, and good morning, everyone. Last month, we announced our agreement to acquire Equitrans Midstream, a transaction that will transform EQT into America's first vertically integrated large-scale natural gas business. As we described in our conference call last month, this deal catapults EQT to the absolute low end of the North American natural gas cost curve, providing free cash flow durability in the low parts of the commodity cycle while simultaneously unlocking unmatched price upside by mitigating defensive hedging needs, thus providing investors with peer-leading risk-adjusted exposure to natural gas prices. This combination is anticipated to drive our long-term free cash flow breakeven price to approximately $2 per million BTU, which is $0.75 below the peer average and $1.50 below the marginal cost of supply in the Haynesville.
 This gap between EQT and both average and marginal natural gas producers is a sustainable advantage, which is rare to find among any commodity business and ensures EQT is best positioned to create through cycle value for shareholders, while other producers are forced to either chase commodity prices with the drill bit in a similar fashion to what has led to historical industry, value destruction or defensively hedge a significant amount of production, thus limiting the ability to capture value in the up cycle.
 Along with the material cost structure advantage, the combination of EQT and Equitrans will also create an integrated well to watch solution that will help enable and power growing demand associated with the data center and artificial intelligence booms that are burgeoning across the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States.
 Our base case view suggests the proliferation of data centers along with growth in other electricity-intensive markets such as electric vehicles to drive an incremental 10 Bcf per day of natural gas demand by 2030. While there is a plausible upside case that could take this number up to 18 Bcf per day. This means growth in the power generation segment that exceed LNG exports as a bullish demand catalyst for the natural gas market this decade. And this structural baseload demand growth story resides at the doorstep of our asset base.
 Our 1.2 Bcf a day of capacity on MVP, along with the long-term firm sales arrangements we announced with investment-grade utilities last year, means EQT's low emissions natural gas will be a key facilitator of the data center build-out occurring in the Southeastern United States and will give us significant exposure to premium Transco Zones 4 and 5 price points.
 Due to the confluence of LNG facilities pulling gas South on Transco and power demand growth in the Southeast, we expect this region will become even more desirable than the Gulf Coast later this decade. As a result, we intend to pursue an expansion of MVP through additional compression to increase capacity from 2 to 2.5 Bcf per day, which will provide additional affordable, reliable and clean Appalachian natural gas to our downstream utility customers.
 On top of the tremendous opportunity to service customers in the Southeast, where we already have first-mover advantage through our record-sized physical gas supply deals with utilities we announced last fall, EQT is ideally situated to meet significant growth in power demand within PJM as well. Our analysis suggests the combination of data center build-outs and additional coal retirements could generate up to 6 Bcf a day of incremental natural gas power demand in our own backyard by 2030.
 Whether it's in the Southeast or at the doorstep of our asset base in Appalachia, EQT is well positioned to capture this thematic tailwind through our material inventory depth and integrated business model that will create a one-stop shop to provide clean, reliable and affordable natural gas that will be foundational to meeting America's power needs as we embark on what will be a transformational journey into the age of AI.
 Turning briefly to first quarter results. The significant operational momentum we achieved last year has carried into 2024, which facilitated better-than-expected results across our drilling and completion teams in Q1. The continuation of highly efficient operational execution, along with strong well performance and lower-than-expected LOE, associated with our water infrastructure investments drove outperformance relative to consensus expectations across every major financial metric during the first quarter. We continue to find new innovative ways to push the envelope of what is possible and I want to thank our entire crew for their relentless pursuit of operational excellence.
 Shifting gears. Last week, we announced an agreement with Equinor to sell a 40% undivided interest in our nonoperated natural gas assets in Northeast Pennsylvania. Consideration is comprised of $500 million of cash and upstream and midstream assets worth more than $600 million, implying EQT is receiving total value north of $1.1 billion in this transaction. For perspective, we attributed approximately $1.1 billion of value to 100% of the Northeast PA non-op assets when we originally acquired them as part of our Alta acquisition. And the assets have already generated free cash flow in excess of that amount in the past 2 years. So this transaction marks an incredibly successful outcome for shareholders and a strong start to our deleveraging plan.
 The upstream assets we are receiving include approximately 26,000 net acres in Monroe County, Ohio, directly offsetting EQT-operated existing core acreage in West Virginia. We are also receiving an average working interest of 14% in more than 200 producing wells that EQT currently operates in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, along with a 16.25% interest in the EQT-operated Seely and Warrensville gathering systems servicing this acreage. Following the closing of this transaction, EQT will own 100% of the Seely and Warrensville gathering systems which aligns with our strategy of lowering cost structure via vertical integration.
 I'd also note, our teams have identified significant operational synergy potential across the operated assets as well as longer-term upside associated with the liquids-rich Marcellus in Monroe County.
 The nonoperated assets we are selling have forecasted 2025 net production of approximately 225 million cubic feet per day, while the operated assets we are receiving have forecasted 2025 net production of approximately 150 million cubic feet per day. Comparing to $1.1 billion of total value to the 225 million cubic feet per day of total production we are selling, implies a roughly $4,900 per Mcf flowing production multiple. While looking at metrics using net divested production and comparing this to the $500 million of cash consideration equates to roughly $6,700 per flowing Mcfd production multiple.
 We believe these attractive transaction metrics speak to the value of the high-quality natural gas assets, which are increasingly being coveted by international buyers looking to get exposure to the U.S. natural gas market. This transaction highlights that we are wasting no time, jump starting the deleveraging plan we laid out with the Equitrans announcement and creating additional shareholder value in the process.
 The sale of our remaining 60% interest in these nonoperated upstream assets and the option to monetize regulated or noncore midstream assets at Equitrans gives us tremendous confidence in our ability to achieve our debt repayment goals, and we look forward to updating the market as we make additional progress on this front.
 To sum up, first quarter results demonstrate a continuation of peak performance at EQT. Our announcement of the Equitrans acquisition is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to vertically integrate one of the highest quality natural gas resource bases in the world, creating a one-stop shop to provide natural gas that will meet the growing data center and power generation needs at the doorstep of our asset base. And our recent transaction with Equinor illuminates significant hidden value embedded in our nonoperated natural gas assets and gets us off to an extremely strong start towards achieving our deleveraging goals.
 I'll now turn the call over to Jeremy. 
Jeremy Knop: Thanks, Toby, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by summarizing our first quarter results beginning with sales volumes, which totaled 534 Bcfe. As previously announced, we curtailed 1 Bcf per day of gross production beginning in late February and through all of March in response to the low natural gas price environment resulting from warm winter weather.
 Along with nonoperated curtailments, we estimate the total impact was 30 to 35 Bcfe during the quarter. Thus, normalized for curtailments, first quarter production would have been toward the high end of our guidance range, underscoring strong operational efficiency and well performance during the quarter.
 Despite the curtailments during the quarter, our per unit operating costs still came in at the midpoint of our guidance range at $1.36 per Mcfe. A significant contributor to this was the outperformance on LOE, which came in below the low end of our guidance range. This LOE beat represents a continuation of the trend of LOE outperformance we highlighted throughout 2023, as our strategic investments in water infrastructure continue to drive tangible cost structure reductions.
 Turning to the balance sheet. Recall, we retired all of our outstanding convertible notes, which eliminated $400 million of absolute debt over the past 2 quarters. We also liquidated the capped call that we had purchased in conjunction with issuing the convertible notes for cash proceeds of $93 million. Additionally, we issued a $750 million 10-year bond and use the proceeds to reduce our term loan balance from $1.25 billion to $500 million, while extending the maturity by 12 months to June 2026.
 We exited the first quarter with total debt of approximately $5.5 billion and roughly $650 million of cash on the balance sheet, leaving a net debt position of approximately $4.9 billion at the end of the quarter, down from $5.7 billion at the end of 2023.
 Subsequent to quarter end, we used $205 million of our cash balance to fund the previously announced buyout of a minority equity partner in EQT-operated gathering systems in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, which closed earlier this month. This acquisition is expected to add approximately $30 million to our 2025 free cash flow outlook, highlighting an attractive free cash flow yield on assets that are annuity-like and have near zero execution risk due to EQT's existing operatorship of both upstream development and the midstream system.
 We intend to apply the remainder of our cash balance, along with the $500 million of cash proceeds from the Equinor deal towards debt reduction, which will allow us to make swift and significant progress toward the deleveraging goals that we laid out with the Equitrans announcement.
 We also recently added to our Q4 2024 and first half 2025 hedge book to further derisk our deleveraging plans. We are now between 40% and 50% hedged for the remainder of 2024, with an average floor price of approximately $3.40 per MMBtu. We are also approximately 40% hedged in Q1 and Q2 of 2025, with average floor prices ranging from roughly $3.05 to $3.30 per MMBtu.
 Upon closing the Equitrans acquisition and achieving our debt targets, we anticipate limiting defensive programmatic hedging to less than 20% of our production in a given year. Going forward, our $2 Henry Hub free cash flow breakeven price provides a structural hedge as the Equitrans acquisition strips out the operating leverage from our business, limiting our need to financially hedge. This unique dynamic provides EQT's investors differentiated upside torque to natural gas prices and peer-leading downside protection simultaneously.
 Turning to the 2024 outlook, we issued second quarter guidance and updated our full year production outlook to reflect voluntary production curtailments in response to the current low natural gas price environment. Our second quarter production outlook and per unit metrics embed the expectation that we will continue to curtail 1 Bcf per day of gross operated production through the end of May.
 Our updated full year production guidance also captures this assumption and embeds additional optionality for further curtailments this fall should natural gas prices remain low. We believe our strategy of near-term curtailments while maintaining steady operations is the right approach to this market for EQT, in contrast to high-cost producers who need to cut activity to reduce CapEx in hopes of remaining free cash flow positive.
 It is also important to remember that production is fungible between old wells and new wells, so it makes little sense to defer new well TILs versus simply turning off production today. Our production today is a product of our investments in the last 2 to 3 years. And our CapEx investments today have little impact on the volume this year, but rather drive volumes in 2025 and 2026, when the futures market suggests gas prices will be higher than they are today.
 EQT is positioned to take this approach as a result of our low-cost structure and strong balance sheet. And this is a good reminder of why we refer to a low-cost structure as our strategic north star. We also embedded a June startup for MVP and our updated outlook on the heels of Equitrans' filing for in service with the FERC this week. This represents a meaningful milestone as MVPs in service is a contractual condition precedent to closing the Equitrans acquisition and will finally allow EQT to provide much-needed natural gas to consumers in the Southeast region to meet growing power demand, displace coal and improve grid reliability.
 As Toby mentioned, upon closing of the Equitrans acquisition, we intend to pursue expanding MVP from 2 Bcf per day to 2.5 Bcf per day to meet additional demand growth expected in the Southeast region. This expansion will be achieved through the addition of compression to the existing pipe rather than laying new steel and thus has a low execution and regulatory risk profile and high returns, with an estimated build multiple of just 4 to 5x EBITDA.
 Turning to Slide 7 of our investor presentation, we provided more granular details on how the Equitrans transaction is expected to impact EQT's pro forma cost structure. While we are still working through some of the nuances of exactly how the transaction will be accounted for in our financial statements, this cost walk should give investors a good framework for thinking about the pro forma impacts of the transaction.
 In summary, we expect the transaction to drive a pro forma unlevered cost structure improvement of approximately $0.50 per Mcfe. Base synergies equate to approximately $0.12 per Mcfe and upside synergies provide a further $0.08 improvement. So the cost structure benefits to EQT from the Equitrans deal could total approximately $0.70 per Mcfe over time. That is a monumental impact.
 The advantage arising from this cost structure improvement is evident on Slide 10 of our investor deck, where we show cumulative 2025 to 2029 free cash flow for pro forma EQT and natural gas peers at gas prices ranging from $2.75 to $5 per MMBtu. EQT's pro forma free cash flow durability is peer leading at $2.75 natural gas prices as we project approximately $8 billion of cumulative free cash flow versus most peers to our free cash flow negative at this price deck.
 At the same time, free cash flow and an upside price environment, pro forma cumulative free cash flow generation of a staggering $26 billion. And importantly, most peers will actually have much less upside than shown here as they are likely to defensively and programmatically hedge away much of the commodity price upside to protect the downside risk resulting from high operating leverage.
 This underscores how the Equitrans acquisition drives free cash flow durability and down cycles while unlocking the ability to capture asymmetric upside in high-priced environments, given limited financial hedging needs. I want to close by sharing a few observations from the more than 100 meetings we've had with EQT and Equitrans shareholders in the wake of our acquisition announcement.
 While we have already experienced a high grading of our shareholder base over the past several years, the Equitrans transaction has further accelerated this trend as the merits of pairing the characteristics of a major integrated company with the superior long-term demand profile of natural gas is resonating extremely well. And we have been encouraged by the near unanimous support for the transaction from some of the world's largest, most thoughtful long-term fund managers, including shareholders of Equitrans who have expressed excitement in owning significant stakes in the new EQT.
 We think our easy-to-own business model will be increasingly coveted by long-term coffee can style investors who are structurally bullish natural gas long term. and we look forward to demonstrating this differentiated value proposition for shareholders as we navigate the volatile world ahead.
 And with that, we'd now like to open up the call to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Ati Modak: This is Ati on for Neil. Guys, I'd be curious on the nonoperated asset sales in the pipeline, how are you thinking about the portion that's remaining? How the conversations are going with potential buyers? And what should we expect in terms of the structure of those deals? Should it be similar to what you've announced? Or is it going to be a little bit more cash oriented? 
Toby Rice: Yes. So we're continuing to have some really constructive conversations there and have a lot of great momentum. And I think what we're seeing is the announcement of the deal with Equinor a couple of weeks ago is actually really catalyzing those to move forward even more swiftly. So we have a ton of confidence in getting that done and a lot of great dialogue that's ongoing.
 Look, I think the deal with Equinor was a little bit unique because they had other strategic objectives in their exit from U.S. onshore. That's why we structured that deal the way we did, but I'd anticipate the remaining sale of that interest to be in the -- in cash consideration as opposed to a more complex kind of mix of assets and cash. 
Ati Modak: Got it. Appreciate that. And then as you think about the supply/demand macro for natural gas in the U.S. right now, you did mention that you will extend the cuts. How are you seeing the response -- the production response that you're seeing from the latest numbers? Is that -- is there an element of sufficiency there? Do you think there's additional cuts required? And how should we think about your philosophy as you think of bringing the cadence back online? 
Toby Rice: Yes. We think that you're going to continue to see cuts and discipline from other operators. But I think a lot of eyeballs are focused on what's going to happen with some weather with a normal summer, that could bring the -- that could tighten up some of the storage overhang we have. And then also these low gas prices are going to encourage more power demand. So I mean, we think there's a couple of catalysts here. But in the meantime, until those hit, I think you could continue to see more patience from operators. 
Jeremy Knop: Yes. At a high level, when you think about the macro outlook, you added about 400 Bcf a day into storage in excess from the winter weather, then another 200 on top of that from production being higher than we all forecasted. So you have an overhang of about 600 Bcf that has to get worked out by, call it, October. And that will happen -- the market mechanism forces that to happen both through curtailments to limitations in supply but also increases in demand from coal to gas switching. And as Toby said, certainly constructive summer weather can give that a boost as well. But look, I think to maintain that market rebalance through the summer, you probably maintain low prices. It probably can't rise all that much. But once you get through that October period, you see the inflection of LNG demand really start to pick up. We think that market starts to change pretty swiftly. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. 
Arun Jayaram: Gentlemen, I wanted to get your thoughts on, obviously, the data center demand, you highlighted in your deck how you think that this could create kind of a premium opportunity for gas that's sold on the Transco Zones 4 and 5 South lines. I was wondering if you could give us just your general thoughts on how differentials may play out in the Appalachia Basin over time and specifically highlight your leverage to these 2 zones? 
Jeremy Knop: Yes, Arun. So look, I'd start with going back to those physical gas sales deals that we announced in Q3, Q4 last year. And if you look at the way that was structured, we tranche that out across those markets. And so those were sold in tranches ranging from M2 plus $1.15, all the way up to Henry Hub plus $0.50, right? So we gave you guys the blended pricing for how that impacts the company. But to us, that sort of keyed us off to a lot of the demand and the tailwinds that are really coming that the utilities are seeing. And effectively, the premium being paid is to lock in reliability of supply. And so I think that's a good proxy for where that market moves in time. And if you think about what's happening between just electrification of everything, now adding data centers into that and think about the way the Transco pipeline, where it supplies gaps across the country, you're going to see the LNG facilities pull gas south on that pipeline and create an even bigger deficit in that Southeast market.
 So we think that market really in time becomes the most premium market in the country because you have a combination of LNG pulling gas away, and a deeper deficit from all these other factors we're talking about, whether it's retirement of coal, whether it's data center growth. And so that's why the utilities, I think, are willing to pay the prices that they did to lock up reliable gas supply. That's the reason we're so excited about expanding MVP and adding additional capacity because we think -- I mean, there's a big demand sync being created in that market from both themes but it's really the confluence of both of those big demand themes that's going to drive that market where it is. That's why we're so excited about MVP and also where our asset sits adjacent to that market. 
Arun Jayaram: And just I have a follow-up. We had been liaising with a couple of utilities and they mentioned how Governor Shapiro in Pennsylvania was somewhat focused on trying to keep grow demand within the state. And so I just wondered, Toby, give your perspective on some of the thoughts because Pennsylvania, as you know, exports electricity and gas, thoughts about some of that data center demand coming within the state of Pennsylvania as well as any latest views on East Coast LNG. 
Toby Rice: Yes, we were certainly encouraged to hear Governor Shapiro's comments about natural gas, both on increasing potential for power demand, but also in his comments about the LNG pause and advising President Biden that this LNG pause is a bad idea. I think Governor Shapiro understands that the people of Pennsylvania understand that natural gas is the economic engine that's powering the economy here in Pennsylvania and understands that natural gas is the key to decarbonizing, not only our own grids in the U.S., which Pennsylvania is the poster child for how impactful you can be lowering emissions when you replace coal with gas, but also understanding how we can do that on the world stage.
 People need to recognize -- I think a lot of people don't understand how much power Pennsylvania actually generates. And with the lowest cost, cleanest source of natural gas in the country being located in Pennsylvania, we have an opportunity to really think about expanding electricity exports to other states. And listen, look at what's happening in the Northeast part of this country, a lot of them put a lot of eggs in the offshore wind basket, and we consistently see offshore wind get knocked down, have projects get pulled. What's going to replace that? The sure thing, the thing that's always been there, natural gas demand, and we have an opportunity here that we are pushing to make sure natural gas can continue to give Americans affordable, reliable clean energy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jacob Roberts with TPH & Company. 
Jacob Roberts: Just looking at the second quarter production guide, I apologize if I missed it, but can you help quantify the impact of the non-op side of things on the curtailments and TIL deferrals, please? 
Toby Rice: Are you talking about from the sale or which you're talking about specifically? 
Jacob Roberts: I believe the guide includes the 1 Bcf a day from your side and then also note some non-op TIL deferrals and curtailments as well. So I was just wondering on that on non-op side of things. 
Toby Rice: Yes. So net to the non-op interest, what's baked in there is about 10 to 15 Bs and the rest of it is operated deferrals that we -- are direct impact of our decisions. 
Jacob Roberts: Okay. Great. And then the second question, I think our work would help us agreeing with you on the outlook on the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic demand growth as we progressed through the decade. Just wanted to get your views on the potential to send more gas that way beyond MVP and the expansion? And maybe related to that, how should we think about third-party volumes on MVP over time? 
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So I think what's unique about MVP is that it is a -- it's a pipe where EQT owns 60% of the capacity today. And we are the only producer shipper on that pipe. So there's no other producers who actually can access that market through MVP. The other 40% are held by utilities on the other end. And so I think we are very uniquely positioned in that sense. The expansion will be part of a FERC open season. So who ends up with that capacity just under that regulated process. But it's certainly something that we think we are positioned to benefit from either way. I mean there's value to be created through the expansion. There's value to be added for the utilities by supplying them new gas in that end market. I mean we're all aligned and wanting to have that happen. Even if we are not the ones to take the capacity out, not win that auction, I think we benefit either way, we get to sell more gas where producers collectively in Appalachia get to sell more gas to the utilities on the other end of that pipe. So it's -- no matter how you look at it, I think, a big net benefit to EQT. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Scialla with Stephens. 
Michael Scialla: I want to see a little bit more detail on your curtailments in terms of price level you would need to see before you change your decision there on the Bcf per day of curtailments. 
Toby Rice: Yes. At a high level, we think about it as cash cost plus F&D costs. We do want to recover the sunk cost of drilling the well. So that's why we think about it like that. So I mean you -- I mean it depends on the area, but call it around $1.50 in basin. 
Michael Scialla: Okay. And Jeremy, so say you -- it sounds like you expect a pretty good step up in price when you get to sort of the October time frame. If you were to see that $1.50 price persists through the summer before you see that step up, would that suggest you're going to likely extend those curtailments through the summer? 
Jeremy Knop: I mean, look, we'll always do what's best to create long-term value. So look, we're always watching the market. There's always events that happen that we will change our decisions if the facts change. So it depends. But what we've mapped out right now is our current expectation. 
Michael Scialla: Got you. And then just want to follow up on MVP. You talked about the demand growth you see in the Southeast U.S. and your plans to expand the pipeline, so a lot of focus on the integrated upstream, midstream model for you in your lower cost structure. How do you think about that with your divestiture plan and your potential to lay off, so I'm interested in that pipeline. Is it important to maintain control there? Or could you sell off all your interest there? I guess, just how you're thinking about marrying those 2 things? 
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So we have a tremendous amount of optionality, first of all. If you think about -- I mean, look, I think if you back in, first of all, the non-op asset sales side, the $1.1 billion value level that we called out for what we did with Equinor, if you gross that up, that implies about $2.75 billion to that whole package, right? So if the rest of it is a cash sale, you end up with, call it, $2 billion to $2.5 billion of cash coming in the door from that side, right? That's already, call it, 2/3 of the $3.5 billion asset sale target we talked about a month or 2 ago when we announced the Equitrans deal. So we don't have to really divest a lot or many assets on the Equitrans side if we don't want to. So again, it gives us a lot of optionality.
 If you think about some of the other deals done in the market like in the regulated space recently, TC Energy did a pretty interesting deal with GIP. It was a deal done for assets, not as high quality as MVP at like 11x EBITDA. BlackRock did a deal with Portland Gas recently also about 11x EBITDA. Again, not as good of a quality asset as MVP. And when you think about just the regulated assets overall in Equitrans, it's call it a $7 billion bucket of value. We could sell off some of those, we could sell off a minority interest, maintain control, maintain operatorship. There's a lot of different ways to structure it. And that is something we're working through right now. But I think our confidence level in getting something done that maintains optionality both near term and long term while still ensuring we delever the balance sheet rapidly in a really efficient way is very, very high. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Bert Donnes with Truist Securities. 
Bertrand Donnes: Just had a question on the potential divestitures. As you reduce debt, how price sensitive are you? Is this kind of a highest bidder wins? Or is this, say, hey, if the bids aren't up to your expectations, you just kind of walk away? 
Toby Rice: Yes. As Jeremy mentioned, I mean, we have a ton of optionality and that means we're going to continue to be really value focused on these things. So while there's certainly -- there's a lot of interest here, which gives us a lot of confidence in completing this plan. I think you look at the Equinor transaction, we're going to be getting some pretty good values for these assets. 
Jeremy Knop: Yes. If you step back and think about the time line, the rating agency guided us towards, it's, call it, 12 to 18 months post-closing. We have guided closing to be probably a Q4 event. So we think about it as like we need to get through the deleveraging plan by the end of 2025, right? I think most of us expect the market for gas in 2025 to be a lot more robust than it is today, so because we're taking an opportunistic approach. We have good momentum right now. I feel very good that we get things done near term at very attractive values. But if we -- if something happens, and we decide, hey, let's be a little more patient, wait 6 months, wait 9 months, there's no issue doing that to make sure we maximize value. 
Bertrand Donnes: That makes sense. And then switching to the LNG agreement you announced. I just wanted to make sure I understood the strategy right. This puts you at 45% of kind of your Gulf Coast exposure. Are you approaching the limit? Or is maybe there some understanding that, hey, you could go to 75% or so if you in the future plan to add some volumes that maybe had Gulf Coast exposure through a bolt-on or something like that? Or is there some number you guys have in your head where you kind of call it off or is 100% fine? 
Toby Rice: Yes. I think stepping back at a very high level, just from a market diversification perspective, we sort of soft circled around 10% of our volumes being exposed to international pricing, feels about right. And depending on the discussions with end buyers, we could toggle that number up or down. Where we're at right now, we've got about 10% of our numbers here. But keep in mind, these agreements are nonbinding, and there's some work to do to get the terms that allow us to achieve our objectives. So we have that level here, but maybe not all of those agreements will make it to the finish line, but we've got a lot of optionality, give us the ability to make sure we get the terms that we need. 
Bertrand Donnes: Got you. And then this is a shot in the dark and it's related. I wouldn't call it an extra question. Is there any push because of the data center demand that maybe you would take your foot off the pedal of LNG? Is there -- are there balancing forces there? Or there are just kind of 2 positive outlooks that you're looking at? That's all I've got. 
Toby Rice: Yes, it's certainly another dynamic that we're putting into consideration. And when we step back and we look at the opportunity, servicing the emerging market of LNG, we have capacity to do that with our existing pipes. But one of the great things about data center demand is Appalachia has proximity to that. And so when we talk about advocating for LNG, this is more of a tide is going to raise all ships and be constructive for long-term demand of natural gas demand in the U.S. But when it comes to data centers, our view is really how can we get more direct exposure to that rising demand. And so we positioned the company extremely favorably to be able to make sure that we can get differentiated access to this new opportunity set. Things like positioning with MVP is great, showing the willingness to be first mover on doing large transformative gas supply deals that deliver reliable clean energy to customers. We're fielding calls on that front. And so we're really taking a much more targeted approach and leveraging our operation and commercial footprint to capture these opportunities in front of us. 
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I think it's really important to remember, if you step back and think about these LNG deals. I mean, they are very long-term agreements. And if you just look at the time when the U.S. became an exporter of LNG from 2015 to 2020, that arb was actually negative, right? So we expect over the long-term LNG to be a very positive catalyst, can add a lot of value. But if you sign up for too much LNG and that arb is negative for a couple of years, it's like a very, very expensive pipeline contract, right? You can get yourself into trouble with that. You saw that happen in the past decade. And so we think about it from -- you learn from the past. This is -- it's not the same as pipeline, but it is similar. So we are taking a very prudent approach to it. And when we step back and compare and contrast LNG versus data center demand, I think what's happening in the data centers will create a lot more like structural baseload demand not subject to is the arb open, is the arb closed for different periods of time. And that sort of stability is something that we really try to focus on in our business as we build it for the long term. So we'll have exposure to both, right? So in certain periods, one will be better than the other. But I think that growing data center demand theme on the doorstep of our asset base is something that has really surprised us. And the more we study it, the more excited we get. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: Yes. Just want to follow up. Is there any update on any of the regulatory hurdles related to the acquisition of ETRN? 
Toby Rice: Yes. Part for the course, we pulled and refiled with the FTC and the sustained operating procedure. So we've continued to work alongside the FTC and provide updates along the way. We're really encouraged about the opportunity to talk to the FCC about how this transaction makes Americas natural gas Champion EQT, a lower-cost energy provider, delivering more reliable energy and also helping customers acquire cleaner energy sources. So a lot of great things for us to talk about with the FTC, and we're excited about the process. 
Roger Read: Understood. And along those lines, the long-term demand here on the AI side, is there anything the data centers, let's call it, is there anything else you've seen recently or heard recently or any sort of direct outreach from consumers to EQT? 
Toby Rice: Yes. I think there's a new dynamic that's really taking center stage here. Everybody understands the energy that they acquired. They want it affordable. They want it reliable. They want it clean. And certainly, with data centers liability is at the top of the list. But the other dynamic at play is going to be speed. And there's only one energy source that has shown the proof of track record of being able to meet any sort of demand from America and that is natural gas. Speed matters. And at a very high level, there's a couple of things that's going to allow natural gas to service this new demand quickly. Number one is leveraging existing power infrastructure, understanding that natural gas power plants are only running on average around a 60% utilization factor. There's an opportunity to leverage that underutilized capacity, and that could increase natural gas demand in the near short term.
 And then stepping back, I think people are getting -- looking at how are they going to service this new demand. And all the challenges it takes to build any infrastructure even looking at natural gas, which will require a 20-acre footprint and all the permits associated need to make that happen, compare that to a 3,000-acre footprint if you're going to do solar or a 5,000-acre footprint if you're going to do wind. And you can understand that the best bet and the fastest option most proven is going to be leveraging natural gas to fill this demand. 
Jeremy Knop: I think it's super important to remember here, too, in terms of like in consumers reaching out wanting to buy gas, like if there is a first-mover advantage in this, like we already have it, right? We already sold 1.2 Bcf a day on a 10-year basis to the 2 biggest utilities in this region, right? And so when you think about where all the demand for data centers is right now in the country, today, you have about 20 gigawatts of demand. 13 of that is in the Southeast market, right? So a tremendous amount. So when these utilities reach out and they say, we need long-term reliable gas from a stable producer like EQT is the first name on the list. That is why we are the only ones who have already done a deal like this and done it at a scale that I think dwarfs what most people could do because we're the preferred supplier of gas. And you have to have a lot of characteristics in your business to be able to be that preferred supplier, part of it is scale, part of it is depth of inventory, it's credit ratings. It's having a really creative team that can work with utilities in buyers of gas to structure deals like this.
 So look, we think we're really, really well positioned to leverage what we've already done and accelerate that. And look, like we've already done, we're taking molecules that anyone can produce and selling them at a premium. I mean that's the essence of what we're doing. And I think we can do that and unlock sustainable demand in the process. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers. 
Noel Parks: I've got a couple of questions. Start on some of the same curve you've just been discussing. One of them was -- well, maybe sort of a broader question. You guys have clearly done a lot of thinking about risk reward and LNG timing. And I just wondered if you had any thoughts sort of in hindsight on the Freeport LNG outage of a couple of years ago. As we have LNG taking up a greater percentage of the consumption, possibility of events like that seems to loom a little large. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on that? Whether that's something that's best addressed through hedging or whether it's just going to be another sort of potential volatility in the gas market? 
Toby Rice: Yes. I think the Freeport outage is just an example of the uncertainties that exist in any market, natural gas not excluded. And the Ukraine war, who saw that happening and the positive catalyst that created on our market. I think how do we deal with these types of uncertainties. One is understand that these uncertainties will exist. And part of the way we handle that and position the business is to take a steady measured approach when we're thinking about accessing new markets. I think we certainly are the first ones to get excited. But when it comes to translating that to action, we are very strategic and very methodical on the steps that we're taking to do that.
 And I think you look at these uncertainties, this volatility that we're going to see in the natural gas market, we positioned our business at a very high level to be able to thrive in a volatile commodity price environment. And you can hedge, you can pay down debt, but we think the most impactful thing you can do to derisk your business is to lower your cost structure. And having a cost structure at $2 is not only going to derisk our business, it's also going to increase our exposure to higher pricing by mitigating our need to defensively hedge. So I think we're pretty good with the strategy right here, and it's just keeping the track on all the different moving parts and pieces, but that's sort of the general framework that we're deploying here. 
Jeremy Knop: Noel, think about how much LNG export capacity is being built just in Calcasieu Pass as an example, right? I mean that dwarfs just Freeport alone. So say there's a hurricane or a barge sinks, I mean, come up with any scenario, say that is shut in even for a month, the amount of volume that backs up in U.S. storage from just one event like that can be pretty tremendous.
 So when you think about LNG, I think there's certainly risk where like the pull could be to the upside. But in terms of what happens really quick, you don't expect it's probably more skewed to the downside, right? So what we're trying to do with our business, I mean, we make money as price times volume less costs, right? It's pretty simple. We want to make sure that no matter what that cost is so low that we don't have to be chasing after price, right? Because it's easy to cut production. That's what we've done right now. Increasing production is a lot harder, right?
 So if you run a business model where bad thing happens, you have to decline production, a significant amount to remain cash flow positive. But then when prices go up, it takes you 12 to 18 months to ramp production back up sustainably. I mean, prices don't hang high that long, right? It's a bit of a chasing after the wind. So we're trying to run our business in a much more stable way, where the downside is not really a big deal. We can still generate durable cash flow. And in the upside case, we've got the same volume times the higher price, and we don't have the huge hedge loss, right?
 One of the things that I think is remarkable to us when we step back and look at the last 5 years, even the winners in 2020 were the big integrated companies, right? They didn't really sweat COVID as much because they have high-quality, low-cost businesses. The winters in 2022 when you had windfall pricing about oil and gas, were again integrated because they were unhedged, right? That's why stock prices are at all-time highs. They're sitting on a lot of cash. We lost more money hedging in 2022, nearly $6 billion than the market cap we just paid for Equitrans.
 So just like put that in perspective and think about you go through that sort of cycle again in a world we expect to be more volatile that looks more and more like that more frequently, if a deal like this puts us in a position where we can emulate the sort of success that those bigger companies actually achieved over that time period, the amount of shareholder value unlocked by doing that is tremendous. It's a very hard thing to model, right? But in reality, when you overlay psychology and risk management coming to protect against operating leverage on top of that, that's the result that plays out. right? And so that's how we positioned ourselves.
 We think there's a lot more events like that, that happen again, whether it's from LNG or something else. Prices will go very low. You're seeing it this year. Conversely, all of a sudden, demand gets pulled. You have full utilization. You can drain U.S. storage very rapidly. And it will take production a little while to respond, right? So we want to be in a position where we're best able to weather the downside and capture that upside. And over the long term, that value will compound in a very differentiated way. 
Noel Parks: Great. And I totally understand your framing of the factors of data center demand growth, coal retirement. And sort of on the issue of grid fragility, I think, in particular, about the microgrid market. I was thinking back to your deal with Bloom Energy a couple of years ago for RSG certificate sales. And I just wondered if you saw similar opportunities, whether deals like that are kind of a good investment in company time, in terms of just what you can capture, in terms of sort of economics of those. So any thoughts on that would be great. 
Toby Rice: Yes. Specifically on RSG and making investments there, we think, producing clean energy and having the transparency backed up with certificates to prove that, it's going to be normal operating procedure going forward. But if your question is about power generation and partnering with power-generating companies like Bloom Energy, there's really 2 different worlds that are going to be servicing this data set, this power demand. One is going to be on the grid. And if you want to use that, get in line. You've got long queues that you need to work through to get interconnected to the grid. But this other world, which is one of the ones we're being a little bit more direct with our partnerships to bring solutions to market is behind the grid power generation solutions. That's where we can leverage our operational footprint, our existing assets, the pipelines and develop behind the grid energy solutions for customers. We think that could offer a much faster pathway to meeting their energy demands. And as I mentioned before, speed matters. And I think behind the grid solutions will be ways that we can flex some of those partnerships. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Silverstein with UBS. 
Joshua Silverstein: So you provided a lot of good details on the lower breakeven price. So I just had a couple of questions there. First, I think you exclude the non-divestiture impacts. Can you give us what the pro forma numbers would be? And then just around the third-party revenues, it's big at $0.27 here. Does this change over time? Or are these under 10-, 15-year or 20-year agreements that, that should stay pretty consistent through 2030s? 
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So I guess, first of all, on the cost walk, I don't anticipate much of a change from the non-op sales. They are high-quality assets, but it's not going to move the needle all that much. I think there's other variables in the mix that will have a more outsized impact of that in terms of like you capturing synergies, other projects we're investing in around the asset footprint. So I wouldn't -- I think that's still a pretty good directional walk as to where we expect that to end up. 
Toby Rice: Yes. And then as far as the third-party opportunity set, yes, we look at that as a way to reduce our cost structure. Listen, we're rolling up our sleeves and understanding what the opportunity set looks like there. Like what we did when we came in here with EQT, we wanted to realize the full potential of EQT's assets. It's the same playbook being -- in mentality being applied to the E-Train assets. And one of the ways that we can realize the full potential of those assets is increasing the utilization of those midstream assets. And one of the ways that we can do that is with our own volumes, but also there's going to be opportunities where there's opportunities for us to increase utilization using third-party volumes. So that's something that we're mapping out. The leadership at EQT, that's going to be running these assets, has a track record of maximizing the utilization of our pipe systems. Just a reminder, at Rice Energy producing 2 Bcf a day gross, our midstream team was gathering almost 3 Bcf a day. So this is a part of the DNA, and it's aligned with our core strategy of lowering our cost structure. 
Joshua Silverstein: Got it. That's helpful. And then just before just on the hedges, just going back to the prior call, I thought the view was that E-Train would now be the new hedge, but you guys have added hedges into the first half of next year, pretty similar to it looks like to what the second half of '24 is. Was it just a view of maybe some potential weakness or uncertainty this winter before you have a rising demand outlook going forward? Or is this a change in strategy over the past few months? 
Jeremy Knop: No, Josh, it's consistent with what we talked about before. I mean step one is deleveraging. So we need to protect the balance sheet first and foremost. By the time we get through that, we hit our targets by the end of 2025. I think you see the post 2025 hedge strategy look very different. But look, the next 12 to 18 months is all about the balance sheet, bulletproofing that plan. But in 2026 and beyond, I think you're going to see us have differentiated upside to higher gas prices in volatility. 
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue. This will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and thank you for standing by. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the EQT Fourth Quarter 2023 Quarterly Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Cameron Horwitz, Managing Director of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
Cameron Horwitz: Good morning and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and year end 2023 earnings results conference call. With me today are Toby Rice, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeremy Knop, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Toby and Jeremy will present their prepared remarks with a question-and-answer session to follow. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website and we will reference certain slides during today’s discussion. A replay of today’s call will be available on our website beginning this evening. I’d like to remind you that today’s call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results and future events could materially differ from these forward-looking statements because of the factors described in yesterday’s earnings release, in our investor presentation, the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Today’s call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our most recent earnings release and investor presentation for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. With that, I will turn the call over to Toby.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Cam and good morning everyone. Coming into 2023, I sat down with our leadership team and we set our overarching corporate mission and goal for the year with two simple words: peak performance. I wanted our fourth year since the takeover of EQT to be our best one yet and the crew certainly came through in delivering on that mission. I want to take a few moments to briefly reflect on the incredible accomplishments from this organization that we achieved over the course of 2023. On the operations front, we set multiple drilling world records and achieved our highest completion efficiency pace ever, with 2023 monthly pumping hours per crew up more than 15% year-over-year. Importantly, this incredible operational pace came amid a 22% improvement in our 2023 EHS intensity, which was even better than our 15% target and underscores our unwavering commitment to safety at EQT. On the financial front, despite a challenging natural gas price environment, EQT generated nearly $880 million of free cash flow in 2023, retired north of $1.1 billion of debt and raised our base dividend by 5%. This financial performance is a clear demonstration of our advantaged position at the low end of the North American natural gas cost curve and highlights that EQT is poised to thrive regardless of where we are in the commodity cycle. On the M&A front, we closed on the strategic acquisition of Tug Hill and XcL Midstream and integrated the assets at a record pace. Our team has wasted no time driving material operational performance improvement on the assets, with the latest EQT operated Marcellus drilling costs coming in more than $200 per foot or nearly 55% lower than Tug Hill operated wells. This recent performance suggests the potential for even more upside than the $150 per foot of well cost savings we discussed last quarter, which as a reminder, is additive to $80 million of largely infrastructure-related synergies we originally announced with the deal. On the marketing front, EQT’s low-cost peer leading inventory depth and environmental attributes enabled us to sign the largest long-term physical supply deals ever executed in the North American natural gas market with some of the country’s leading utilities. With much stronger than expected power generation growth in many regions of the United States and natural gas providing the ideal low-carbon dispatchable complement to renewable generation, we expect gas-fired power demand will surprise the upside over the coming decade and EQT’s unique ability to meet this demand should result in additional margin capture opportunities moving forward. We also made material progress executing on our differentiated LNG strategy, leveraging our significant Gulf Coast firm transportation capacity to sign HOAs covering 2.5 million tons per annum of LNG tolling capacity or roughly 5% of our total natural gas production. Our more integrated approach to LNG exposure compared with peers gives us direct connectivity to end users of our gas globally and we have seen strong interest from prospective international buyers. While there has been some noise around LNG permitting of late, the outcome of COP28 demonstrates the world has spoken deeming natural gas as critical in facilitating the energy transition while ensuring energy security. It is abundantly clear that nations around the world currently powered by coal desperately want and need greater access to natural gas and ultimately political posturing will reconcile with this reality if we, as a society, are truly intent on achieving global climate goals. On the ESG front, we announced a first of its kind public-private forestry partnership with the state of West Virginia, which will create one of the highest quality most verifiable nature-based carbon sequestration projects anywhere around the globe. We have already seen solid momentum on this project to-date and we are incrementally confident in EQT’s ability to become the first energy company of meaningful scale in the world to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions. This impressive list of achievements is a showcase of what is possible when you combine a world class asset base with an industry leading digitally enabled team underpinned by a culture of excellence and teamwork. Turning to our reserve report. EQT’s 2023 proved reserves totaled 27.6 Tcfe, which was up 2.6 Tcfe relative to 2022, largely driven by additions from the Tug Hill acquisition. Importantly, even with the SEC price deck dropping from over $6 per million Btu at year end 2022 to $2.64 at year end 2023, EQT’s proved reserves prior to the impact of Tug Hill were slightly higher year-over-year, underscoring the economic resiliency of our world class low-cost Appalachian reserve base. Within our proved undeveloped reserve category of roughly 8 Tcfe, we have just 417 gross locations booked or roughly 3 years of development, representing only 10% of our derisked inventory of nearly 4,000 gross locations. It’s also worth highlighting that we estimate an additional 2 Tcfe of reserves not captured in our bookings associated with our non-operated position in Northeast Pennsylvania as we book limited PUDs on this asset, given we only have timing visibility out 3 to 6 months. Additionally, we’ve taken a conservative stance with limited reserve bookings for Tug Hill’s go-forward Utica inventory in West Virginia, which should be a source of reserve upside over time. Using the year end 2023 SEC price deck of just $2.64 per million BTU, the PV-10 of our proved reserves is approximately $12 billion. Assuming recent strip pricing, this value jumps to almost $23 billion. And again, this ascribes credit to just 3 years or 10% of our remaining inventory. I’d also note our reserve valuation is calculated prior to the impact of our firm transportation portfolio to the value accruing to EQT for marketing arrangements like the MVP firm sales contracts we announced last quarter are incremental to these PV-10 values. We see the consistency and economic resiliency reflected in our reserve report as an important channel check for investors that highlights EQT has among the highest quality, lowest cost natural gas asset base anywhere in the world. Looking to 2024, we are initiating 2024 production guidance of 2,200 to 2,300 Bcfe, which includes some flexibility to curtail volumes should natural gas prices remain weak. Our program contemplates running 2 to 3 rigs, 3 to 4 frac crews and turning in line 110 to 140 net wells. As shown on Slide 6 of our investor deck, this activity level juxtaposed against our large production base underscores the incredible capital efficiency and quality of our assets, as EQT is generating the most gross-operated production per rig of any natural gas operator in the United States by a wide margin. Looking at our spending profile, we are setting a 2024 maintenance capital budget of $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion, including maintenance, land and infrastructure spending. We have also tactically allocated $200 million to $300 million for strategic growth projects across water infrastructure, gas gathering and land that are opportunistic in nature and highly symbiotic with our upstream operations. Jeremy will give more details later on, but these projects generate the best risk-adjusted returns in our portfolio, derisk our upstream execution, allow us to replenish inventory at extremely attractive costs and facilitate the compounding of capital for shareholder value creation. At the midpoint of our maintenance capital and production guidance ranges, our implied 2024 maintenance capital efficiency equates to $0.89 per Mcfe and our unhedged maintenance NYMEX free cash flow breakeven is $2.50 to $2.60 per million Btu. With contractual gathering rate reductions, the shallowing of our base decline, improving basis from the firm sales arrangements we announced last quarter and reductions in interest expense, our all-in NYMEX free cash flow breakeven price should be on a glide path down towards $2.30 per million Btu over the next several years. We believe this economic profile is in a class of its own relative to the rest of the industry, where we expect to see upward pressure on cost structure over this period associated with operators shifting to lower quality inventory in both the Haynesville and parts of Appalachia. This differentiation is highlighted by the fact that we project EQT will generate cumulative free cash flow of almost $9 billion over the next 5 years at a natural gas strip that averages approximately $3.40 per million BTU over this period. This gas price is roughly equivalent to the fully loaded corporate marginal cost of supply in the U.S. required to simply breakeven from a free cash flow perspective, let alone to generate returns for shareholders. Said another way, higher cost natural gas producers will at best generate no shareholder value at the current strip over the next 5 years, while EQT is set to generate more than 40% of our enterprise value and free cash flow over the same timeframe. This stark contrast underscores why cost structure is our North Star at EQT and why we strive not to be the biggest, but to be the highest quality, most resilient company that can generate durable free cash flow both in up cycles and in down cycles. This is the essence of sustainability and value creation in a commodity business. And we believe our shareholders are uniquely positioned to reap the rewards of EQT’s unrivaled combination of scale, peer-leading low-cost inventory depths and best-in-class emissions profile. I will now turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Knop: Thanks, Toby and good morning, everyone. I’ll start by summarizing our fourth quarter results, which highlight our operational momentum as we closed out the year. Sales volumes of 564 Bcfe was toward the high end of our guidance range, reflecting continued best-in-class execution from our drilling and completion teams, along with strong well performance. Our per unit adjusted operating revenues were $2.75 per Mcfe, and our total per unit operating costs were $1.27 per Mcfe, which were at the low end of our guidance range driven by lower-than-expected LOE and G&A expenses. It’s worth noting that we outperformed LOE expectations every quarter in 2023 with total absolute LOE coming in $40 million below our internal forecast, driven largely by more efficient water handling facilitated by the investments we’ve made in water infrastructure. Capital expenditures were $539 million, which were in the lower half of our guidance range, reflecting the operational efficiency gains Toby mentioned previously. Turning to the balance sheet. Last month, we completed several transactions that eliminated debt, reduced interest expense, simplified our balance sheet and established an important 10-year pricing reference point, which is the longest dated bond outstanding of our natural gas peers and underscores the market’s confidence in our inventory duration. First, we retired all outstanding convertible senior notes due in 2026, which eliminated more than $400 million of absolute debt. Recall, our fully diluted share count already included the shares associated with our convertible notes. We simultaneously liquidated the capped call that we had purchased in conjunction with the issuance of the convertible notes for cash proceeds of $93 million. Pro forma the convertible note retirement, our total debt outstanding is currently $5.5 billion, which equates to a 1.6x leverage when annualizing fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA. Following the convertible note settlement, we executed a highly successful $750 million 10-year bond offering last month, the proceeds of which we used to pay off 60% of the term loan that we borrowed in conjunction with the closing of the Tug Hill and XcL Midstream acquisitions. We saw extremely strong demand from the credit market with a peak order book of almost $6 billion and the bonds pricing at a tight 1.65% spread to comparable U.S. treasury rates, which is similar to credit spreads of many of the highest quality large-cap companies in the broader energy sector. In conjunction with the bond offering, we also extended the maturity of our remaining term loan from mid-2025 to mid-2026, providing ample flexibility for maturity management moving forward. In terms of capital allocation, we will continue to prioritize debt pay-down until we achieve our $3.5 billion gross debt target. Our capital allocation philosophy is underpinned by an unwavering focus on establishing a fortress balance sheet, countercyclical and opportunistic share repurchases and a steadily growing base dividend. This long-term focused value investing framework has received resounding support from our increasingly high-quality shareholder base, and we will continue to allocate capital in accordance with this first principles framework. Looking ahead to 2024, we are setting an annual production guidance range of 2,200 to 2,300 Bcfe, which is underpinned by a fully loaded maintenance capital program of $1.95 million to $2.05 billion. Additionally, we are investing $200 million to $300 million into several strategic growth projects in the form of midstream and water infrastructure and infill land capture this year. These opportunistic investments are significantly value enhancing, and I want to take a moment to highlight the merits of each of these. The acquisition of XcL Midstream last year created a full-service midstream platform within EQT. And through this platform, we are already sourcing proprietary opportunities that generate strong risk-adjusted returns and robust free cash flow yields, even superior to those of our core Marcellus wells, while at the same time derisking our upstream operations. As shown on Slide 10, we are investing in three Midstream growth projects this year, comprised of the Clarington Connector, the OakGate Pipeline and the Pacific Coast Compression project. The combined capital associated with these projects is approximately $115 million. And once fully operational, these projects should generate aggregate annual free cash flow of nearly $50 million in the form of superior price realizations. This implies these investments will generate an aggregate free cash flow yield of nearly 40%, which is extremely attractive given the absence of price risk and the annuity-like cash flow profile over a 20-year asset life. We forecast a total return on investment of roughly 8x and the aggregate net present value of these projects is estimated at $250 million, implying value creation for shareholders equivalent to roughly $0.60 per share. Despite only having this Midstream business for just 6 months, these initial projects provide a glimpse into the long-term opportunity we see for this new business line. Reinvestment opportunities of this quality only come about because of the symbiotic relationship between our midstream and upstream teams working in alignment together. We believe this approach to growing shareholder value is differentiated among peers, especially in a $2 gas world, and intend to cultivate this platform so that it becomes an even more impactful driver of shareholder value creation over time. Within our reserve development CapEx, we’ve also allocated $80 million to expand our existing water infrastructure assets in West Virginia. As shown on Slide 12 of our investor deck, we expect 2024 investments into our water infrastructure to drive annual savings of $20 million, implying a 25% free cash flow yield on our invested capital. Our EQT-owned water system has materially increased the amount of water produced that we can recycle, which is having a tangible impact on our cost structure as demonstrated by our LOE coming in below forecast every quarter last year, translating to $40 million more free cash flow than originally forecasted. Turning to land. We have roughly $100 million allocated to opportunistic infill leasehold growth in mineral acquisitions this year. As shown on Slide 13 of our investor presentation, opportunistic leasehold additions organically replenished 65% of the acreage that we developed over just the past year, which is a pace of replenishment that can materially expand our years of inventory when aggregated over time. We believe this ability to organically backfill developed inventory is a unique feature among U.S. shale plays that largely exists only within Southwest Appalachia due to the land configuration and historic development activity. We are seeing notable opportunities to add to our acreage position at extremely attractive prices this year given the low commodity price environment, which we were able to capture due to our strong financial position. To put into context, the value creation potential of deploying leasehold capital, we highlight a very tangible example on Slide 13 of our investor presentation. In 2022, we infilled leased acreage and increased our working interest by 18% in our Polecat North development located in Greene County, which we brought online last year. The incremental interest we added in this project through organic leasing is projected to generate a 90%-plus free cash flow yield in year 1 alone and nearly 55% of annual free cash flow yield over the first 5 years and a return on invested capital of roughly 7x the strip pricing. This example highlights why we see these tactical land expenditures as an extremely attractive reinvestment of capital while simultaneously extending inventory duration, which can, in turn, help facilitate additional strategic initiatives such as signing long-term supply agreements. A key point I want to leave you with on these growth projects is whether it’s land capital, infrastructure investments, our acquisition strategy, long-term agreements with utilities or our base upstream business, we are incredibly intentional about aligning these decisions to ensure they symbiotically work together to enhance each other and collectively result in optimal risk-adjusted compounding of shareholder capital in the decades ahead. In essence, this is the definition of terminal value. And through building a successful track record of these decisions, we expect this to be reflected in our stock price. Lastly, I want to quickly touch on our cost structure guidance given the moving pieces with the imminent startup of MVP. We are guiding full year transmission expense to $0.42 to $0.44 per Mcfe, which is up approximately $0.10 year-over-year driven by the costs associated with MVP. This is partly offset by an accompanying contractual step-down in our gathering rates, which we forecast to be in the $0.52 to $0.54 range for 2024, down from roughly $0.65 in 2023. Within our 2024 corporate differential guidance of $0.50 to $0.70, we conservatively assume EQT flows only a portion of our MVP capacity due to downstream limitations at Station 165. In the winter months, we should be able to flow at higher rates on MVP and realize a greater premium on downstream pricing. Thus, the cash flow uplift associated with MVP will be seasonal in nature until downstream expansion projects come online. It’s also worth highlighting that we have roughly 500 MMcf per day of our Station 165 pricing exposure hedged through financial instruments and firm physical sales through 2025, which provides downside protection should there be any further price pressure downstream of MVP over the next few years. With nearly 2.5 Bcf per day of upcoming project expansions at Station 165 and significant demand pull from the Southeast region, our ability to flow volumes on MVP and associated realized pricing should progressively improve over the coming years culminating in the commencement of our firm sales contracts in 2027 that are projected to improve our corporate-wide differential by $0.15 to $0.20, driving a $300 million-plus uplift in annual free cash flow generation. Turning to Slide 11 of our investor presentation. We announced the proposed acquisition of an additional 34% ownership in the EQT operated Seely and Warrensville gathering system in Northeast Pennsylvania for $205 million in cash, and we currently expect the transaction to close in late Q1 or early Q2. EQT currently owns 50% of this gathering system. So our pro forma ownership will increase to 84% based on terms agreed to in the purchase agreement, subject to the potential exercise of certain preferential purchase rights. Recall, this gathering system was part of the Alta acquisition we completed in 2021, which has been a significant source of value creation for EQT. The purchase price implies we are acquiring these assets for a double-digit free cash flow yield, underscoring how this deal allows us to reinvest capital into durable, long-lived infrastructure at an attractive rate of return with near zero execution risk, given we operate both the system and the upstream development underpinning the assets. Consistent with our broader strategy to reinvest capital into assets that improve our corporate cost structure, our greater ownership in the system will immediately lower our overall free cash flow breakeven price by more than $0.01 per Mcfe upon close. We are currently looking at ways we can shift even more development activity onto this system over the coming years, which could drive additional upside to the transaction. Moving to hedging. We tactically added to the front end of our 2024 hedge position earlier this year, leaning into the price spike that occurred ahead of the winter storm in January. We have now greater than 50% of our first quarter 2024 production volumes hedged with a weighted average floor price of $3.87 per MMBtu, which has derisked a significant portion of our free cash flow outlook for the year. We have nearly 50% of our second quarter production hedged with a weighted average floor of $3.39 per MMBtu. And roughly 40% of our Q3 production covered at a weighted average floor price of $3.42 per MMBtu. Additionally, we’ve recently added some 2024 winter hedges, taking our fourth quarter hedge coverage up to more than 20% with a weighted average floor price of $3.47 per MMBtu. Turning to Appalachian. Basis differentials were relatively wide during the fourth quarter, driven by an elevated Eastern storage level and rising production associated with multiple operators completing wells that were deferred from earlier in the year. Our strong basis hedge position again paid dividends this quarter, boosting our corporate-wide realized natural gas price by $0.08 per MMBtu. As it relates to the increase in Appalachian supply, after peaking at just under 37 Bcf per day in December, production in the basin has fallen by roughly 1.5 Bcf per day, and we anticipate further declines in the Appalachian supply through the second quarter. On the local demand side, it’s noteworthy that PJM recently doubled its 15-year annualized load growth forecast from 0.8% to 1.6%. This equates to nearly 7 gigawatts of additional power demand by 2027, in more than 10 gigawatts by 2030, which, if satisfied by natural gas, would translate to nearly 2 Bcf per day of additional local demand by the end of the decade. This trend of increasing local demand juxtaposed against a relatively flat basin supply and the commencement of MVP should provide a structural tailwind for local pricing over the coming years, which we do not believe is currently priced into the basis futures market. As it relates to Lower 48 supply, it’s worth highlighting that a prominent data vendor revised its year-to-date supply estimates downward by 1 to 2 Bcf per day this week. We had suspected certain data sources were overstating production, and this downward revision validated the market is not as oversupplied as many previously thought. Assuming production simply stays flat at the current revised level and weather is normal through the injection season, end of summer gas storage will be roughly in-line with the 5-year average level. I’ll close by sharing a few philosophical thoughts on what we believe it takes to not only survive but to thrive as a natural gas producer and a macro backdrop that we expect will be characterized by unpredictable volatility for the foreseeable future. The real long-term winners in this business will not be the biggest companies that gain scale simply for the sake of scale, but will instead be the companies that have a corporate cost structure that is currently and in the future at the low end of the cost curve. A low cost structure is the only competitive advantage one can have in a commodity-driven business, which is why it is our North Star and drives nearly all of our strategic decision-making. While we are believers that future natural gas prices will be higher on average, we do not believe that prices will be stable at the $4 to $5 level, like the prevailing consensus view. And building a business around this assumption of average prices is likely to end poorly. Until we return to a world where we can build necessary domestic infrastructure, we believe we are more likely to see prices either around the $2 level they are today to force high-cost producers to curtail production and activity were materially higher to curtail demand, as pricing becomes the only variable left to balance natural gas inventories. Said another way, we believe an increasingly fat-tailed distribution of outcomes. That is a critical distinction, and we’re already seeing the manifestation of this dynamic with prompt month pricing at this moment. However, EQT is at the low end of the cost curve and will be moving even further down the cost curve over the next 5 years due to our contractual gathering rate reductions in long-term MVP firm sales agreements. This outcome is by design as our philosophy toward creating value in a cyclical, volatile commodity business has underpinned every one of our strategic decisions over the past several years. The culmination of these decisions has created a unique opportunity for investors, deploy capital into the preeminent natural gas platform that is positioned to generate peer-leading shareholder value through all parts of the commodity cycle over the long-term. And with that, we will open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning, team. I wanted to see on Slide 9, you highlight your views on maintenance CapEx and strategic growth CapEx and you compared it from 2024 relative to a 2025 to ‘28 outlook. Jeremy, I was wondering if you can maybe help us think about the trajectory of that spend? How does 2025 look versus ‘28? And maybe just some thoughts on midstream CapEx under this outlook because that was a clear focus of today some of the strategic midstream investments that EQT is making.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, absolutely. So we’ve assumed in our go-forward forecast and our 5-year outlook, about $150 million per year, which is kind of a loose bucket we’ve assigned. I wouldn’t say it’s entirely defined through that forecast, but that’s our broad assumption, which is what’s reflected on that slide. There is a little bit of carryover on this Clarington Connector project into 2025, but I would say that expectation for spending is within that bucket. I mean look, I think these sort of spending projects, it’s not something that necessarily will be recurring. But look, if we see great opportunities that make our business better, sometimes it costs a little bit of money to invest and actually capture that price and that value. That’s what you’re seeing us do in 2024. There’ll be years, we probably don’t spend any of that capital and other years where we spend a little bit more.
Arun Jayaram: That’s absolute helpful. Second question. Give us some thoughts on the glide path on the $2 billion deleveraging target. There have been some recent press reports on EQT, potentially looking at selling your non-op piece in Northeast PA. I don’t know if this is a great environment to be selling assets. I was wondering if you could comment on maybe some inorganic opportunities to de-lever, call it, in a big bang type of approach.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Look, obviously, with the volatile commodity price environment, even a month ago, the outlook when the strip was at $3 is different than where the strip is today, closer to $40. So it’s, in many ways, organically, it will depend on just where the strip settles. We continue to be really bullish the next 6 to 9 months might be a little bit bumpy. But I think we continue to have the view, and I think you’re starting to see it from some of the earnings guidance already coming out this quarter. Really a curtailment in activity today is just going to really amplify the upside, I think, as we get into next year. So we remain well positioned to capture that. I think as much as really anybody. In terms of inorganic ways to de-lever, I mean, look, we – for the right price, we’re a seller of anything, right? I mean our focus and our North Star is really just creating shareholder value if there is an opportunity to do that. Certainly, I think when we started thinking about rationalizing the portfolio in Q4, we were looking at a $350 strip. So the process for executing on that might be maybe a little bit delayed. But I would say there is a renewed interest really across the market in non-operated assets, really from international players who have interest in having exposure to U.S. gas, and I think we’ve seen a little bit of this recently, but don’t want to actually have U.S. operations. So we really started exploring that because of inbounds we got. And I think a lot of those buyers are a little less price sensitive than some of the buyers domestically. So look, we – anything we do, it certainly is not defensive, it would be opportunistic. And I’d say we’ve seen some really good interest on the asset. I think it values that certainly do not reflect strip pricing. So we will remain opportunistic, but it’s something that could happen near-term. It could happen a year from now. But it’s just part of our continued effort to not necessarily just chase scale, but really chase quality and what creates the most value.
Arun Jayaram: Great. I will turn it back. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question.
Toby Rice: Good morning.
Sam Margolin: Thanks for the detail on the – on your activity plans for ‘24. As always, that’s a recurring slide. My question is the ranges of the number of wells that you drill and complete and turn to sales are the same range, but they are not necessarily aligned on either end. And so when you think about how you execute within those ranges, do they move together on a one-to-one basis? Or is there a scenario where you drill 120 wells, you complete 120 wells and you turn 120 wells in-line. And you have no change in sort of like your DUC backlog or your deferred TILs?
Toby Rice: Yes. So to provide some more color on the numbers we put out there, I mean there is a mix of wells that are – not all the numbers are the same for what we spud to what we horizontally drill, complete and what we ultimately turn in line. When we put those numbers out – when we have to pick a number, it’s typically the TIL. And so there will be a little bit of a range there to account for some flexibility. If we see a more compelling opportunity in ‘25, we could pause on some of the TIL activity.
Sam Margolin: Okay. That makes sense. And then, I mean, this is sort of a follow-up to those ranges. They are designed, I guess, to correspond to a number of different market outcomes. I mean what’s the market condition where you might materially change those ranges and bring down activity levels below where you’ve been running? Obviously, as you can imagine, that’s an inbound question I think all of us get from investors. Thanks.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, Sam. It’s something that I think we, like every one of our peers is probably thinking about every day right now. I mean you look at the prompt price in the $160s. The market is asking for not only production curtailments, but also activity reductions. And look, if you look at our – even our production guidance that we gave in that bond prospectus in mid-January, you’ll notice we’ve reduced that range by about 50 Bcfe. I would characterize that as a response to the price environment we’re in and wanting to make sure there is flexibility. So EQT can respond and make sure that if price gives a signal for lower activity and in lower production, we stand ready to respond.
Sam Margolin: Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Abbott with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Abbott: Hey, good morning. And thank you for taking our questions. Our first question is really on your 5-year cumulative free cash flow outlook. You mentioned $9 billion. And that’s lower than you gave in the third quarter. Obviously, that’s part of lower commodity prices. But when you think about those two outlooks, has there anything really changed on the cost side in terms of assumptions? And anything particularly moved when you look at those two projections?
Jeremy Knop: No, John, there have been no changes. I don’t think of any material consequence aside from pricing.
John Abbott: Alright. And then the other question here is really all related to your long-term gas differential. Where do you think your differential sort of – if you sort of look at strip pricing, where do you think it is from 2027? And then Jeremy, you sort of went out there and you suggested that in-basin demand should improve over time, and that’s not reflected in current differentials. Where do you think that could potentially move?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So if you look at just the EQT forecast, the midpoint of our range is that $0.60 level for differentials for this next year. If you look at where we end up in 2028 with the expansion projects in-line and just at current strip pricing, our realized differential will be about $0.50. So – our differential on average drops about $0.10 from where we sit today to really the back end of that 5-year guidance range. I mean, look, when you think about the in-basin demand dynamics, I think what we’ve highlighted could add potentially up to 2 Bs a day of demand in-basin, some of that might be taken by renewables, so call it 1 to 2 Bs net to gas. And then the MVP downstream expansion projects come online, too. I mean that’s going to fully utilize MVP. And I actually think from conversations we’re having, there is probably likelihood MVP gets expanded by another half B a day. At EQT, we stand ready to really be a supplier of that to support that project. I think there is ample demand in that southeast market with data center build-outs really underpinned by the AI revolution right now and population growth in that area that’s really pulling on gas for just absolute power demand increases in addition to core retirement. So it’s power, I think, in our view, as you look towards the end of this decade is increasingly becoming, I think, as bullish of a thematic tailwind is really LNG, and we will probably really take the torch from LNG in the coming years. And so I think that dynamic really – when you couple all those dynamics and themes together and I think you really see a really healthy backdrop for Appalachia. And I think certainly, as you see some operators start to run thin on inventory in the basin. I think it provides opportunity for companies like EQT to not only capture better in-basin pricing but actually really grow our own production into that and take a bigger share of the pie. So we – that’s really our expectation over the next couple of years. We stand ready to respond to it, but we see it really more as a tailwind than a headwind.
John Abbott: Very, very helpful. Thanks for taking our questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I was hoping just to dig in a little bit more on just Arun’s question. I think you will highlight the lower implied maintenance CapEx going into ‘25 and beyond. I guess if we think about that delta of – I guess, $100 million, $200 million next year, is most of that just coming from continued synergies on the Tug Hill assets? Is it lower base decline? Is it implied cost savings? Is it less infrastructure spend? Or is it sort of all of the above? Or what’s driving the bulk of that?
Toby Rice: Yes, I would say it would be all of the above. Teams are looking across all angles of the business, looking for ways to shave pennies off the program.
David Deckelbaum: And then maybe just to talk a little bit about just the LOE side or production cost side. I think you’ve highlighted in the deck, especially on Slide 12, the benefits of the water system. The guidance, obviously, this year, I guess, now inclusive of the Tug Hill deal and some other moving parts, your LOE is moving higher. Are you including the expected benefits from the water system investments in your ‘24 guidance around LOE? Or is that something that would be additional upside?
Jeremy Knop: You’re talking about the savings of $40 million that we referred to in the prepared remarks or what are you referring to?
David Deckelbaum: Yes, the $40 million, and I guess like the completion of the systems in ‘24?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So those investments, I mean, you don’t get an instant response to the same year. I mean the time it takes to build those systems, you usually see that savings show up in the following year and the years after that. So like the water system investments, the additional $80 million we’re spending this year in interconnecting really the Chevron Water Systems, what we’ve built out the Tug Hill systems. I mean that’s really going to pay dividends for us, not only in completion costs over the coming years just through lower water cost and water recycling, but also through LOE. I expect more of that to show up in 2025 and beyond where you start seeing that move the needle.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hey, good morning. I had a couple of questions on the liquids production and pricing. The first question is, it looked like ethane production was lower than guidance for 4Q, while pricing for the other NGLs was higher than what we expected. Can you give some more detail on those two items and maybe remind us how your heavier NGLs are priced?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Look, I would say on the ethane side, it really just comes down to what’s going on with the Shell cracker both in terms of Q4 actuals and also the outlook for 2024. So that’s really going to be the main driver of that. I think in the guidance we gave – assumed that – our underlying assumption there is influenced by our expectation that, that cracker plant is not fully online really for another year. But that’s something that I think we and our peers around us in Southwest Appalachia are having a haircut a little bit just due to the continued startup delays on that facility.
Kevin MacCurdy: And how are your NGLs price?
Jeremy Knop: Really just based on index in basin, I wouldn’t say there was anything that’s really changing as it relates to those dynamics.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And looking at the forward guidance, it looks like liquids, excluding ethane, declines from 4Q volumes and then again from the 1Q volumes. What’s driving the decrease for the heavier liquids?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I would simply chalk it up to just – we have some pretty lumpy pads in the way we develop. It really just comes down to some of the liquids-rich pads that we acquired from Tug and how that alternates with some of the more of the Utica pads that get turned online or other Marcellus, just dry Marcellus activity. So it’s just kind of normal course lumpiness. But I wouldn’t expect any sort of long-term trend or change from what you’ve seen recently.
Kevin MacCurdy: Okay. I appreciate the detail. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ati Modak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ati Modak: Hi, good morning, team. Thank you for taking the questions. You talked about the capital allocation priorities this year highlighted debt pay-down as the focus, maybe help us understand the thought process around how your view of the macro environment factors into that decision matrix between the different pieces and how we could expect that to evolve?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, for sure. It actually is really driven by the macro in many ways. I think at a high level – I mean look, I think we are as bullish as anybody as it relates to the gas macro outlook as you get to kind of mid-‘25 into 2026. So, really, what we have to weigh on our end is if we did – if we reallocated those dollars instead of debt pay down to something like a buyback and accelerating that right now, it would probably in turn cause us to want to go hedge more and protect the balance sheet in case you just had a bunch of macro factors not go according to plan in that time period. So, when it comes to opportunity costs for us, it’s really just a simple question of what’s the upside swing in the dollars buying the stock versus the upside, leaving that more un-hedged. And I think with the asymmetric expectation we have to where pricing could go, certainly by the end of 2025 as you get into 2026 that – I mean that dwarfs any sort of return we can get just by buying back stock right now. And so for us, the question is what ultimately is going to create the most shareholder value. And so really, we would rather be patient on the hedging front and use our dollars near-term to just to de-risk the balance sheet. So, really by doing that, we think that actually gives investors more upside and exposure to gas prices. And if for some reason things don’t work out on our expectations on the macro, it provides more downside at the same time. So, that’s why we have allocated and plan to allocate the way I already explained.
Ati Modak: Got it. Thank you for that. And then you mentioned the low cost structure as an advantage. You mentioned a couple of drivers there as well, but I was wondering if you could provide some more color on those pieces and what drives it down further over the next few years?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I mean it’s a couple of kind of key things, and it’s really contractual. So, I mean our gathering rights, I mean you have seen our guidance with MVP coming online, the impact on just the full year is those rates stepping down at the same time MVP goes into service. Those further step down, as we have talked about before, into 2026, ‘27 really hit a bottom in 2028. And so really, those rates are Equitrans contract that last year were about $0.80 for just the gathering rate hit a bottom of $0.30 by the time you get to 2028. On a blended basis, I mean they don’t gather all of our production, so on a blended basis, it’s a little more muted. You don’t see that full $0.50 drop. But that is a contractual step down that is part of our longer term forecast. And again, just a tailwind to us even if you have flat pricing and everything else in the environment doesn’t improve. And then the other piece of that, too, as we talked about last quarter, these supply deals that we signed downstream MVP, and so that’s going to also improve our realizations, our realized pricing by $0.15 to $0.20, which over our production base is that kind of rounded $300 million of free cash flow. So, it’s really the combination of the two. There are some offsetting factors in there, but around like compression adds and you have a tailwind as you pay down debt, your interest expense falls as well. But by the time you get to 2028, we see that breakeven cost structure about $2.30, down about $0.30 from where we sit right now. So, it’s a continued tailwind. And look, as we have talked about, I think over and over again, I think that is really unique to EQT. I think where you are in the shale revolution right now, a lot of that core inventory is depleted or rapidly getting depleted. I expect a lot of cost structures to be rising over that period. So, it’s really a unique differentiating characteristic of EQT and it’s really just further like share price upside, free cash flow upside relative to what you get anywhere else.
Ati Modak: Thank you. I appreciate that. I will turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Hey. You all kind of indicated that your breakeven point this year is around 220. And how do you think about that with the gas cracker, if gas prices do, say, continue to trend on the direction they are related to weather, whatnot, I mean would you guys be willing to make changes to make sure that you guys generate positive free cash flow, like so. The bottom line question is like when you start getting around that 220 threshold, would you be willing to cut a little bit more to kind of preserve free cash flow rather than burn some cash?
Toby Rice: Yes. Scott, I think there is two factors that we think about that would cause us to curtail. One is preserving the ability to not lose money. And so that certainly would look for us to curtail. And the other one is we are looking in 2025, where you see a $1 higher pricing, and that is even – that’s going to be further intensive for us to pinch back and deliver those molecules into a higher-priced market. So, yes, it’s something we are watching and thinking a lot about.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Scott, I would just underpin too. I mean you have to remember, I mean certainly for a business like EQT, where we are drilling 15 wells, 20 wells a pad, the CapEx we spend this year has no real impact on our production this year. It really has an impact on production next year. And so when we are thinking about that sort of rate of return and you save yourself $100 million this year, what’s the impact on free cash flow next year. Certainly, with where pricing even is today after pulling back and I think our expectation is probably significantly higher than the strip today. It’s really hard for us to justify that, especially just given the financial position we are in, the amount of liquidity we have in our credit ratings. We are just not under the same pressure that most of our peers are. So, that allows us to be a little stickier and plan for the long-term and not be as reactive. But look, we – as we have said before, our production guidance gives us flexibility to reduce as needed. But reducing CapEx activity this year is not – I mean it would be window addressing this year at the expense of next year, and it’s just not how we run the business.
Scott Hanold: Yes. And Toby, I appreciate the fact that, obviously looking at the forward curve, we do all see, obviously that improvement. But one could argue if we step back several months ago, I mean certainly, 2024 looked significantly better than it is right now. So, like as you step back and think about the macro, like what do you think the big risks are that this gas price trend remains what we have been seeing outside of, obviously weather. But more on, I guess the political front and everything else that’s out there? And then how do you react as a company of this persists into 2025?
Toby Rice: Yes. It’s a great question. Listen, I think on the political front, I mean I think political force can override market forces for so long. And our job is to align with the market is to make sure the energy we produce is the cheapest, most reliable, cleanest form of energy that’s out there. And I think eventually, the demand for this product is going to overweigh, I think the political short-term gains that people are thinking that they are helping by doing this. So, I mean long-term, we feel even more optimistic about the large role natural gas will play in the commodity mix going forward. But yes, I mean in the short-term, we need to be sensitive to the market that we are in. Activity reduction is going to be a big thing. I mean a key part of our thinking is we positioned our business to be a low-cost operator in the U.S. I mean our breakevens are significantly lower than what we think is the marginal cost of production. And we are going to see if those marginal producers reduce activities. We have already seen that start to happen. But that’s something we are going to be monitoring and then it’s – eventually, we will have a normal winter. But even without that, with just normal weather, we should be balanced coming into 2025.
Scott Hanold: Yes. I appreciate that.
Jeremy Knop: And Scott, with all the bearish narratives out there, I think it’s really important to remember that with these data revisions that came out of Genscape a week or so ago, I mean production levels were not at 107, pushing this bearish narrative, production levels today are like 104.5. And so if you look at where we are at today with normal weather, the market is actually balanced. And so the extra, call it, 275 Bcf that’s in storage right now is really just a result of, again, a really warm El Nino winter. If we had just had normal weather, the market would be balanced right now. So, I think this sort of overarching view of the market is just so out of balance, production is way too high. LNG is delayed. I think when you step back and kind of cut through the noise, it’s really not the case, which is I think why we are being a little more patient and disciplined here. And as it relates to a lot of the LNG headlines and some of the politics playing into that, I mean there is really no impact through – at least the end of 2026. So, as we look at the market today, we don’t really see any change in the LNG build-out timeline. I mean we expect in Q3, Q4, those facilities start to come online. And again, I think that the work the market needs to do is just to clean up that excess overhang in storage coming out of winter. But the market is really not that far out of balance. I mean it’s a difference of 1% to 2% kind of change in your fundamental model. And it can flip back pretty quick too. So, I think if you are running a long-term business, you just have to – you have to keep that in focus. We are really not that far out of whack on the fundamentals.
Scott Hanold: Yes. No, I appreciate that. And Toby, we all appreciate your – obviously, your insights into the political side. So, just kind of curious if I can extend the question. Like what are some of the major push-backs you are getting when you go to Washington and try to fight for kind of the gas companies? What is the main push-back, and how do you address it?
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean it’s really just asking people to step back and see. It seems like we are in violent disagreement – violent agreement here on what we want from our energy system in the future, like Republican and Democrat, everybody wants more affordable energy. Everybody wants more reliable energy. Everybody wants cleaner energy. And I think the work that we are doing is highlighting, I mean I would say the biggest difference that we are doing, the hump that we need to get people over is to understand that natural gas is a cleaner form of energy. And the good news is we don’t have to play with theories. We don’t have to rely on literature. We have case studies at big scale that show that natural gas is a decarbonizing force, whether that’s simply putting the spotlight in America and showcasing why we are the number one leader in lowering emissions in the world, it’s because of natural gas. And also, I would say the other narrative we need to address is the fact that some people think that America is the largest producer of oil and gas, the regulations or pipeline blockages can’t be that bad. But I think the simple response to that position is yes, we might be the largest producer of oil and gas in the country. We are the largest exporter of LNG in the world. But the question that needs to be asked is, is that enough, we have got ramp of inflation, wars in Ukraine, global emissions still skyrocketing, energy poverty is growing, energy security is crippled. Clearly, the United States needs to do a whole heck of a lot more because the world can only contain so much chaos before it starts spilling over and impacting Americans. So, the world security is our security. And these are simple points that we can make. It is a little bit of a different perspective that people haven’t thought too much about. You lay that common sense approach underneath the framework from climate leaders around the world that recently gathered at COP and came out with a very simple punch list of what needs to happen. Transition fuels are going to be necessary to meet the climate ambitions that we have. That’s a fancy word for natural gas is going to play a role. Carbon capture is going to be a part of those solutions. And then I think also the recognition that solar and wind as great as they can be, they are not the complete solution, and you need a heavyweight solution, and that is natural gas to meet the goal. So, we have got cover from the environmental front, but it’s really just getting this common sense message out, and that’s where we spend a lot of time working the megaphone.
Scott Hanold: Appreciate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: Yes. Thanks. Good morning guys. You mentioned previously that you think we are in an environment where natural gas could be $2 or it could be $4. How do you operate in that environment? Does your production stay relatively flat through all of this? Do you build DUCs when we are at $2? Do you release them when we are at $4? How are you kind of thinking about your development plans going forward in that kind of framework? Thank you.
Toby Rice: Yes. I would say at a very high level, I mean keys to success is to have a low-cost structure so that we can weather the storm. And that also is going to position us to be opportunistic to play some of the volatility. Operate – and I will let Jeremy expand on that a little bit. But operationally, one of the things that we have looked to build into our business is the ability to bring some surge capacity. So, understand whether that’s choke management and pension volumes back so we can respond to higher price environments or in some cases, just holding back some TILs and building some DUCs. I think having a flexible program is going to be something that’s needed. But that’s going to be more around the edges. Having a low cost structure is going to allow us to run consistent programs and be responsive, but not be completely whipsawed by the commodity price.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I mean I think one of the key things to remember as you think about how to actually manage the business in that environment comes down to like how do you see that distribution of outcomes. And so remember, our cost structure being – call it, mid-2s now headed towards low-2s. If we think about like what’s the worst that’s happened in the last couple of years, which was 2020, and you had gas settled at about $1.99, let’s call it $2. In an environment like that, even if we at EQT weren’t hedged and we have like a $2.30 breakeven, our free cash flow outflow would be in the – I don’t know, $500 million to $700 million range. So, a lot, and you can certainly hedge to protect that. But imagine being a producer in that environment and your breakeven is $3 and you are at scale, I mean you would have multiple billions of dollars of cash outflows, you just can’t survive for more than a year of that because your liquidity gets drained. So, for us, I think one of the things we have realized at scale is that one of the risks that is created is if you pair scale with a really volatile environment and your cost structure is too high, even if your balance sheet is clean, you can put yourself in a pretty precarious position pretty quick. So, that’s why we sort of – that’s why we focus so much on driving that cost structure down because for us, if our downside, call it, $0.50 and that’s pretty low, but if the upside is you have a year settling at $6, $7, $8, I mean you are talking about $10 billion type of cash flow to our business. So, we want to be in a position where we don’t have to hedge and inherently having a low cost structure like a structural hedge. And I think that really is what positions us to, again, not only just kind of survive in cruise through those down periods, but not have to defensively hedge so much of your production that you really missed out on the price. And the price is that sort of asymmetric upside. So, again, I think at a high level, you might – some people might say, well, it’s a little dilutive to just focus on cost structure so much near-term. I think that’s easy to see if you run a static model at like $3.50, $4 gas. Well, that doesn’t capture those is the element of volatility. And if you talk to any of the producers, any of our peers, I think the theme of volatility is well understood. I just – I think EQT is unique in how we position ourselves to, again, be structurally defensive towards that for long-term investors and then provide the best risk-adjusted upside to that theme and capture that every 3 years to 4 years when that sort of windfall period shows up. And again, I mean think about it, we had a little bit – you had a warm winter this year, you have an extra 275 Bs in storage. It could have gone the other way. And we will have winters that go the other way. You could have pricing at $5 just as quickly as you have pricing at $1.50. And that amount of cash flow at our scale is just an absolutely tremendous amount of value. So, we are trying to position ourselves to be able to capture it and not – again, like the last couple of years where we lost so much on hedging, continue to give that upside up. So, that’s again, why we just sort of philosophically focus on running the business the way we do.
Josh Silverstein: Thanks. My last question was just on hedges. You mentioned a lot in there, but it looks like you didn’t add anything for 2025. I definitely get the constructive outlook that you guys have. But clearly there is the factor of weather, which you have mentioned as well that we just don’t know how that will play out. Why not at least look to add in something for 2025 at this point, just to have a base level in there? It looks like you added something for second half or fourth quarter for this year below where the strip is next year. So, I thought that would be great. Thanks.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So, I think we think about hedging going forward, just with our balance sheet and credit ratings where we are. I think you will see us start to hedge at a level that effectively drops our – I mean look, if you think about what hedging does in a low-price environment, it effectively synthetically drops your breakeven price. And so if our breakeven price, call it, is headed towards $2.30, we might long-term hedge between like 20% and 30%. And so if you do get that $2 a year on average, that’s kind of your free cash flow breakeven point on a hedged basis. We are kind of towards that with our hedging in 2024 right now. That’s that $2.20 level that we talked about. I think – look, we don’t plan to go into 2025 totally un-hedged. I think we are just willing to be patient. And I think some of the bearish narrative in positioning in the commodity markets has really pushed pricing really below where it probably needs to be. So, look, we don’t need to hedge defensively right now. I think we are – we want to be opportunistic, and we just think there is so much asymmetric called SKU that should show up in that market in 2025. I think we are willing to be patient on that. But I mean look, we will take off risk at the right point in time, but we are going to continue to be patient on that.
Josh Silverstein: Thanks.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Paul Diamond with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Diamond: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to touch base real quickly on – you talked about LOE and some of the savings have been driven by water handling. I guess my question is how much more, I guess meat on the bone you think there is there? How much further do you think you can drive it lower?
Toby Rice: Yes. I would say that we had a big step change. I think if you look at the water recycling rate, that’s a big driver on a large portion of our LOE. Obviously, water is the biggest portion. So, the goal for us is to stay in that 95% plus range on water recycling. I think the other benefits that the water system will come through just more efficient logistics to service our completions team and allow to give these guys the space to continue to run hard and continue to capture the operational efficiencies they are seeing there.
Paul Diamond: Understood. And then I have just kind of one final quick one. As the prop market sits right now on the curve, how should we think about kind of the operational cadence through the year with that 140 – or 110 to 140 TILs, should we think about that as pretty steady throughout the year, and more back half loaded, or how should we think about it as the market sits down?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Look, I would call it pretty steady throughout the year. I mean when you are running the size of spreads we are and the size of logistics operations, it’s not something you start to stop quickly or easily. The bar is pretty high for that. I think the range we give is just based on some shifts in timing that can happen. I think in terms of the macro environment, I mean look, we – the quickest thing that’s going to balance the market is not having operators in Appalachia, which have a pretty shallow base decline cutting activity and are drilling big pads that are hard to slow down. I mean that’s base load supply as we think about it. When we think about really the production that needs to come out of the market, the fastest way to balance the market, it’s taking Haynesville activity even further downward. They are drilling two wells to three wells at a time on the pads, becoming more and more infill wells and you have a 50% to 60% base decline. A cut in that activity would balance the market a lot faster. And that’s also the marginal producer today and will continue to be in the future. So, we expect that’s really where the volatility of production and variances and production cadence will show up and will continue to show up, I think in the backdrop of volatility that we have talked about.
Paul Diamond: Understood. Thanks for your time.
Operator: I will now hand the call back to Toby Rice for any closing remarks.
Toby Rice: Thank you everybody for your time. We are looking forward to executing for you in 2024. Thanks a lot.
Operator: That does conclude today’s meeting. We thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the EQT Q3 2023 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Cameron Horwitz, Director of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
Cameron Horwitz: Good morning, and thank you, for joining our third quarter 2023 earnings results conference call. With me today are Toby Rice, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeremy Knop, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Toby and Jeremy will present their prepared remarks with a question-and-answer session to follow. An updated investor presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website, and we will reference certain slides during today's discussion. A replay of today's call will be available on our website beginning this evening. I'd like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results and future events could materially differ from these forward-looking statements because of factors described in yesterday's earnings release and our investor presentation, the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Today's call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our most recent earnings release and investor presentation for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Toby.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Cam, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter saw a multitude of positive highlights and record-breaking performance at EQT, including closing the strategic acquisition of Tug Hill and XcL Midstream in late August. As shown on Slide 5 of our investor deck, with roughly 60 days under our belt post closing, we currently have 74% of total integration milestones actions completed. To put this in context, this is a record pace for EQT and the most efficient integration yet despite significantly greater deal complexity relative to Alta and Chevron. The successive improvement in our integration pace is reflective of leveraging lessons learned from previous transactions to refine our integration playbook, which is unique to EQT's proprietary digital platform and is a repeatable process that we have honed with each successful acquisition. I want to take a moment to send a huge shout-out to the EQT crew for all the hard work that has facilitated the incredible integration efficiency achieved over the past two months. Alongside efficiently integrating the Tug Hill and XcL Midstream assets, the teams have identified multiple areas of potential operational improvements that we did not contemplate when underwriting the acquisition. We broadly see these opportunities falling into two buckets comprised of well-designed and operational efficiencies. As it relates to operational efficiencies, I want to first talk about third quarter performance for stand-alone EQT and then provide some stats on what the teams have already achieved on the Tug Hill assets. As shown on Slide 7 of our investor deck, after posting stellar second quarter operational performance, both our drilling and completions again set new internal and world records in 3Q. Recall last quarter, we highlighted EQT's world record of drilling over 18,200 feet in 48 hours on the same run. This record lasted a mere 60 days as our team bested that effort by drilling 18,264 feet in 48 hours on our Denver 5H well in August. On the completions front, our teams are firing on all cylinders with third quarter pumping hours per crew averaging north of 400 hours, which is an all-time high pace for EQT. This includes besting our prior record for monthly pumping hours twice during the quarter, with two crews each achieving north of 500 pumping hours in a month. To put this into context, the theoretical maximum pumping hours in a month for a single frac crew is roughly 600 hours after accounting for minimum maintenance time, so our teams are knocking on the doorstep of perfection. This performance reflects our strategy of aggressively attacking all facets of the supply chain to eliminate as many bottlenecks as possible for our completions team, and our Q3 execution underscores the dividends accruing from these efforts. Turning back to Tug Hill. As shown on Slide 6 of our investor deck, our teams are wasting no time unleashing EQT's industry-leading operational progress as we've taken over the assets. To put some numbers around this, in just 60 days since taking over operations, our completions team has already increased the amount of stages completed per day by 35% relative to legacy Tug Hill development, and we see room for additional upside as our teams optimize water handling and sand logistics across the asset base. On the drilling front, since taking over operations, our team has already improved horizontal drilling speeds by 50% relative to legacy Tug Hill performance and driven down horizontal drilling cost per foot by more than 40%. As we high-grade equipment and fully implement EQT best practices, we expect further efficiency gains that will allow us to drop drilling activity on Tug's acreage from two rigs to one by the end of the year all while still drilling the same amount of lateral footage year-over-year in 2024. Our teams also plan to methodically test various EQT well-design changes on the Tug Hill assets, including cluster spacing, clusters per stage, proppant loading, proppant type and casing weight, to name a few. While it's still early to quantify the full impact of efficiency gains and operational synergies on the Tug Hill assets, we preliminarily see the potential for up to $150 per foot of well cost savings associated with these efforts. The potential impact from optimizing well design parameters and improving operational efficiencies represent value creation upside on top of the $80 million of synergy value potential we announced with the deal. As a reminder, the original synergies we discussed were only driven by water system integration, firm transport optimization and land spend efficiencies, which should accrue over the next several years. Looking ahead to 2024, while we are still in the process of fine-tuning our pro forma operation schedule, we preliminarily expect to run three horizontal rigs and three to four frac crews in total next year, which is a level of activity that maintains production at approximately 2.3 Tcfe per annum. At current strip pricing of approximately $3.40 per million BTU next year, we preliminarily see roughly $1.7 billion of pro forma free cash flow in 2024 and cumulative free cash flow of approximately $14 billion from 2024 to 2028. As shown on Slide 11 of our investor deck, this equates to cumulative free cash flow of approximately 60% of our enterprise value, which is the highest not only among our gas peers, but also the broader upstream energy sector. We believe this outlook underscores the tremendous absolute and relative value proposition of EQT shares even after strong relative stock performance over the past several years. Shifting gears to Slide 8 of our investor presentation, we are excited to announce that we have signed two 10-year firm sales agreements with investment-grade utilities covering all 1.2 Bcf per day of our capacity on MVP that will commence concurrent with the completion of downstream expansion projects in 2027. Recall, we had previously entered into an AMA for 525 million cubic feet per day of our MVP capacity, which we have restructured into an 800 million cubic feet per day, firm sales arrangement with the same counterparty and entered into an additional 400 million cubic feet per day firm sale with a separate counterparty. These are two of the largest long-term physical supply deals ever executed in the North American natural gas market, and we believe signal the buyers’ confidence in EQT's unique ability to deliver reliable, clean and affordable natural gas supply to millions of customers in the southeastern part of the United States. These agreements also highlight how EQT's scale and depth of inventory are catalyzing the expansion opportunities downstream of MVP, which will bring gas further into the Southeast demand centers where it is critically needed to replace coal-fired power generation and meet the region's climate goals. To put the environmental benefits into perspective, assuming EQT's natural gas displaces coal-fired power generation, the combined impact of these supply agreements would result in approximately 40 million tons per annum of emissions reductions, which is equivalent to taking more than 8 million gasoline-powered vehicles off the road every year. On top of the environmental benefits, these deals should create a win-win economic impact, providing cash flow uplift for EQT while concurrently dampening natural gas price volatility for consumers in the Southeast region. Recall, our capacity on MVP will initially receive pricing at Station 165, but as downstream projects and these new firm sales arrangements commence, EQT's capacity will be debottlenecked and our pricing exposure will shift to a blend of premium demand areas, including Henry Hub and Transco Zones 4 and 5 South. To put the impact of this in context, we see these firm sales arrangements and associated downstream debottlenecking projects increasing our annual free cash flow by more than $300 million beginning in 2028. At the same time, the debottlenecking of EQT supply further into the Southeast should dampen natural gas price volatility for consumers in the region, improve grid reliability and materially reduce the risk of service interruptions. In our view, these agreements represent clear and tangible examples of EQT's ability to generate differentiated shareholder value out of each molecule while simultaneously fostering better outcomes for American consumers by leveraging our unique platform consisting of peer-leading scale, a strong investment-grade balance sheet, low cost structure, deep high-quality inventory and advantaged environmental attributes. Turning to LNG. Last month, we announced a heads of agreement for liquefaction services from Commonwealth LNG facility in Cameron Parish, Louisiana to produce 1 million tons per annum of LNG under a 15-year tolling agreement. This comes on the heel of a prior HOA with Lake Charles LNG and upon completion of definitive agreements will take our total committed LNG tolling capacity to 2 million tons per annum or roughly 270 million cubic feet of gas per day. The Commonwealth agreement is a continuation of our LNG strategy we described on our last call, which entails diversifying a portion of the 1.2 Bcf per day we delivered to the Gulf Coast via firm pipeline capacity into international markets. As a reminder, EQT is pursuing a differentiated and more integrated approach to international exposure through tolling arrangements, which we believe provide the best combination of upside exposure with downside risk mitigation. Our strategy gives us direct connectivity to end users of our gas globally, allows for end market structuring flexibility and superior downside protection. We are currently pursuing signing SPAs with prospective international buyers as well as additional opportunities to increase our tolling exposure. Our scale, low-cost structure, peer-leading core inventory depth and environmental attributes uniquely position us to compete and win in the global energy arena. And we believe the international market will increasingly covet EQT's molecules as a long-duration secure supply source that can drive meaningful emissions reductions via coal displacement, similar to the precedent we are setting in the U.S. Southeast market with our newly announced firm sales agreements directly with utilities. Shifting to Slide 16 of our investor deck, we recently announced a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership with the state of West Virginia to identify and implement forced management practices across the state. Facilitated by the state's Department of Commerce, Division of Forestry and Division of Natural Resources, the partnership brings together EQT's transparent, data-driven approach to emissions reduction and West Virginia's commitment to the conservation, development and protection of its renowned forest lands to advance Appalachia's position as a premier world partner in decarbonization. We plan to deploy advanced soil probe technology from our partners at Teralytic, which allow for real-time soil measurement to ensure the quantification of carbon reduction is accurate and transparent. We will also leverage our strategic partnership with Context Labs to provide full digital integration and accountability of our carbon reduction effort. Operational efficacy of these projects will be assured and audited by West Virginia University's Natural Resources Analysis Center, a multidisciplinary research and teaching facility. We believe the processes being deployed in our partnership with West Virginia will create one of the highest-quality, most verifiable nature-based carbon sequestration projects anywhere around the globe. The output of this effort will be a key enabling factor for EQT to become the first energy company in the world of meaningful scale to achieve verifiable net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. Turning to Slide 17 of our investor presentation, we were excited to see the Appalachia Regional Clean Hydrogen Hub, or ARCH2, recently selected as one of seven hydrogen hubs in the country to receive DOE funding to accelerate the deployment of U.S. hydrogen technologies and contribute to decarbonizing multiple sectors of the economy. As a reminder, ARCH2 is a collaboration initiated by EQT, the state of West Virginia, Batel, GTI Energy and Allegheny Science and Technology. The broader ARCH2 team is comprised of multiple entities with operations across the Appalachian region, spanning the hydrogen value chain as well as technology organizations, consultants, academic institutions, community organizations and NGOs that will provide commercial and technical leadership for the development and build-out of the hub. The DOE has allocated up to $925 million to ARCH2, noting the hub will leverage the region's ample access to low-cost, low emissions natural gas to produce clean hydrogen and permanently sequester CO2. Along with the decarbonization impact, ARCH2 is anticipated to facilitate various community benefits, including the potential to create more than 21,000 high-paying jobs. The selection of ARCH2 deeply reinforces the critical role natural gas, particularly Appalachia natural gas, will play in our nation's transition to a lower carbon energy future, and EQT is uniquely positioned to be at the forefront of this process. In terms of EQT's participation, we are in the early stages of formulating a high-level development plan with rigorous assessment of project economics to better understand value creation potential, and we expect minimal capital requirements over the next couple of years. Over the medium term, EQT will have significant optionality to evaluate and participate in projects within the ARCH2 hub all while retaining complete flexibility as it relates to our level of exposure. Outside of our direct participation, we expect ARCH2 will also have second-order effects of driving greater in-basin demand for EQT's low emissions natural gas and could present opportunities for us to leverage our subsurface expertise and 1.9 million net acreage position for CO2 sequestration. While still very early in the evolution of ARCH2, we believe EQT's participation in the hub, along with various other pillars of our new venture strategy, are planting the seeds that have the potential to catalyze the transformation of natural gas into the holy grail of cheap, reliable and zero carbon energy. I'll now turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Knop: Thanks Toby, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by briefly summarizing our third quarter results, which as a reminder include 39 days of contribution from the Tug Hill and XcL assets. Sales volumes in the third quarter were 523 Bcfe comprised of 491 Bcf of natural gas and 5.2 million barrels of liquids. We note third quarter production volumes included roughly 5 Bcfe of curtailment principally in response to weak local demand and approximately 8 Bcfe associated with lower-than-expected non-operated turn-in lines and curtailments. On a per unit basis, adjusted operating revenues were $2.28 per Mcfe, and our total per unit operating costs were $1.29, down from $1.37 in the second quarter, reflecting the accretion benefit from a partial quarter contribution of Tug Hill's low-cost assets and lower-than-expected LOE due to increased produced water recycling. Capital expenditures excluding non-controlling interests were $445 million, including stand-alone EQT CapEx of approximately $400 million, which was at the low end of our guidance range, reflecting the continued operational efficiency gains Toby mentioned previously. Adjusted operating cash flow and free cash flow were $443 million and negative $2 million, respectively. It's worth noting, however, free cash flow was negatively impacted by $28 million of non-recurring expenses from the Tug Hill transaction without which we would have generated positive free cash flow during the quarter. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we provided guidance on Slide 33, which reflects a full quarter of contribution from Tug Hill and XcL Midstream acquisitions. It's worth highlighting that the midpoint of our GP&T guidance range of $1 per Mcfe is roughly $0.10 lower than our stand-alone GP&T in the second quarter, which underscores the cost structure accretion from the low breakeven Tug Hill and XcL assets. I'd also note our fourth quarter production outlook embeds expectations of curtailments in the first half of the quarter, given elevated Eastern storage and seasonal demand weakness. While we are still early in the budgeting process and working through the optimization of our development schedule for 2024, we preliminarily expect to run three rigs and three to four frac crews next year, which should allow us to maintain pro forma production at approximately 2.3 Tcfe. We anticipate free cash flow of roughly $1.7 billion next year at recent strip pricing of approximately $3.40 per MMBtu, which equates to a 2024 free cash flow yield of 10%. On a cumulative basis, we project nearly $14 billion of free cash flow from 2024 to 2028, which is roughly 60% of our enterprise value and 80% of equity market capitalization. This means at our current valuation, investors have the opportunity to buy the premier natural gas company in North America with the most scale, the deepest and highest quality inventory and among the lowest cost structures and the best credit rating at a material discount to peers. Turning to the balance sheet. Recall, we funded the cash consideration of the Tug Hill and XcL acquisition upon close in August with $1 billion of cash on hand and $1.25 billion of term loan borrowings. We exited the third quarter with $5.9 billion of total debt, including $400 million related to equity-light convertible notes, which equates to an LTM leverage of 2.1x, though we note this figure includes the full impact of financing the Tug Hill and XcL acquisitions with just 39 days of EBITDA contribution. For reference, excluding Tug Hill and XcL impacts, we estimate LTM net debt-to-EBITDA would have been approximately 1.25x at the end of the third quarter. Despite rising treasury yields, EQT's credit spreads have tightened, highlighting our strong credit profile. Recall, we were upgraded to Baa3 by Moody's shortly after we closed the Tug Hill acquisition, so we are now investment-grade across all three credit rating agencies. I will also note that EQT has the lowest five-year bond yields among natural gas-weighted peers, 100 basis points below the average, which also reflects the strength of our credit quality, an unwavering commitment to low leverage and our differentiated scale, inventory quality and low cost structure. As it relates to capital allocation, we remain pleased with the execution of our shareholder return framework to date, and we will continue with our opportunistic all-the-above strategy with our North Star being the countercyclical long-term compounding of cash flow. Consistent with our track record, we will maintain a strong bias towards debt repayment over the coming quarters, at least until we achieve our 1x leverage target at $2.75 per MMBtu natural gas pricing, which will provide a fortress balance sheet through all parts of the commodity cycle. This will, in turn, minimize downside risk to our enterprise while allowing us to limit the need to defensively hedge and cap what we anticipate being unpredictable asymmetric price movements to the upside in the years ahead. We also continue to rigorously assess new investment opportunities with strong risk-adjusted returns that improve the quality of our business, similar to our West Virginia water system we highlighted last quarter. With the XcL Midstream team now part of EQT, we are actively exploring opportunities to deploy capital into differentiated infrastructure investments that can debottleneck our upstream production, allow us to durably compound cash flow at very attractive rates of return with minimal risk while simultaneously improving our operational efficiency. Our share buyback program also remains a key tool for opportunistic execution at points in the cycle where we see favorable risk-reward potential for generating returns well in excess of our weighted average cost of capital. Recall, at our current share price, we have generated an approximate 40% return for shareholders on the roughly $600 million of share repurchases we have executed to date, which is the highest amongst our peer group, and we still have approximately $1.4 billion remaining under our existing authorization. And finally, sustainable long-term base dividend growth is a key pillar of our shareholder return strategy, and to this end, we recently raised our dividend by 5% to $0.63 per share on an annualized basis. Since initiating our dividend in late 2021, we have now increased it by more than 25% cumulatively over that period, which underscores our confidence in the sustainability of our business and a corporate free cash flow breakeven price that is amongst the lowest in North America. As we eliminate structural costs from the business through actions such as debt repayment, share repurchases and synergy capture, we expect to continue growing our base dividend over time without putting upward pressure on our corporate cost structure. Turning to the macro environment. We see several factors lending support to the natural gas market in 2024 and beyond. First, strong gas-fired power generation, resilient LNG export demand and lower-than-expected production this summer reduced expected storage overhang than many were forecasting back in the spring by over 300 Bcf. Second, while we do expect some incremental supply from associated gas in connection with new Permian pipeline capacity commencing in the fourth quarter, we see Lower 48 volumes exiting this year flat to slightly down compared to Q3 of 2023. And we see further declines in the first half of 2024 as the impact from a 25%-plus drop in gas rigs since March begins to set in, especially in the high decline Haynesville play where the rig count remains well below maintenance levels. Third, the progress demonstrated commissioning the Golden Pass and Plaquemines LNG facilities has been encouraging and will create structural tailwinds, allowing LNG demand to reach a record 15 Bcf per day even before the facilities are fully operational. Fourth, we expect natural gas power generation to continue taking away share from coal as the investment case for coal weakens further, with the market increasingly turning to cleaner burning natural gas. We expect coal production to drop by over 20% year-over-year in 2024 as the effect of the recent wave of coal retirement takes hold, and a tightening coal market will further support the natural gas fundamentals in the power sector moving forward, where total gas equivalent demand for coal still stands at 14 Bcf per day in the United States alone. Moving to hedging. We tactically added to our hedge position during the quarter to further derisk a portion of our expected free cash flow and debt repayment goals. We now have greater than 40% of our Q1 through Q3 2024 production hedged, inclusive of Tug Hill's volumes with a weighted average core price of approximately $3.60 per MMBtu and a weighted average ceiling of $4.10 per MMBtu. Note, our hedge position remains strategically tilted towards the first half of 2024, where we see the most potential downside risk should normal weather again not materialize. While protecting near-term cash flow and prioritizing our debt repayment goals, we are intentionally creating the flexibility to maintain maximum upside price exposure in late 2024, 2025 and beyond when the natural gas market looks increasingly tight and we see the potential for pricing to move asymmetrically higher. As it relates to basis, Appalachian differentials have been relatively wide of late, driven by elevated Eastern storage levels, a byproduct of the warm prior winter. Our strong basis hedge position paid dividends this quarter, boosting our corporate-wide realized natural gas price by $0.12 per MMBtu. We have roughly 80% of expected fourth quarter local volumes covered with basis hedges that are in the money relative to the current strip so we remain in an advantaged position near-term. Over the medium to long-term, we see several factors that could lend structural support to Appalachian bases, including the commencement of MVP and additional coal-fired power retirements in the PJM market, creating incremental demand upward of 4 Bcf per day. As it relates to MVP timing, we're encouraged by the recent Equitrans and PHMSA consent order and continue to model the first quarter of 2024 in-service date. The outlook for MVP increasingly derisks expansion projects to move production further into the Southeast U.S. are progressing. As Toby highlighted, EQT's scale, quality and depth of inventory, low cost structure and investment-grade balance sheet uniquely position us to help facilitate these expansion projects. This dynamic is underscored by the 1.2 Bcf per day of long-term firm sales agreements that we recently signed with investment-grade utilities in the Southeast region. These deals create a win-win outcome as they underpin the debottlenecking of downstream markets and directly link EQT's volumes to a market price at a meaningful premium to Henry Hub while simultaneously providing utility customers with surety of low-cost natural gas supply for decades to come. Upon commencement, we see these agreements and the associated debottlenecking projects improving our 2028 corporate-wide differentials by $0.18 per Mcf, which in turn should drive more than $300 million of annualized free cash flow uplift in 2028 and beyond. These deals provide EQT long-term supply growth optionality that is paired with sustainable utility demand, dynamics which could drive an even greater uplift to long-term free cash flow over time. Importantly, these contracts and debottleneckings occur around the same time our gathering rates with Equitrans complete the contractual step down from $0.80 today to $0.30 per Mcf in 2028, further accelerating the decline in our free cash flow breakeven price and supercharging the free cash flow growth at a time when we expect other gas plays like the Haynesville to be approaching inventory depletion, thus driving up the marginal cost of natural gas. Quite simply, the difference between a higher marginal cost of natural gas experienced by peers compared to EQT's declining cost structure should uniquely accrue to EQT's shareholders in the form of free cash flow growth and value creation. These firm sales agreements represent examples of the various differentiated opportunities we are seeing arise from EQT's gravity and momentum as the clear operator of choice for the highest-quality long-duration inventory in the North American natural gas market. And we believe these opportunities will ultimately allow us to continue to create differentiated shareholder value relative to peers in the years ahead. Importantly, these types of opportunities are not simply due to scale but underpinned by EQT's world-class assets, coupled with a culture and teams that are relentless in their pursuit of excellence as the operator of choice and driven to maximize value for shareholders. I'll close by highlighting Slide 12 of our investor presentation, which illustrates an internal analysis of the natural gas price required to generate sufficient free cash flow such that a gas producer generates a simple 10% return on current respective enterprise value, what we view to be the most basic tenet of shareholder value creation. We believe the days of wellhead IRRs driving activity levels amongst U.S. gas producers are in the rearview mirror as this behavior related to the destruction of hundreds of billions of dollars of capital in the last decade. Put very simply, wellhead IRRs on D&C CapEx are unrelated to corporate returns and cost of capital. Instead, we see the marginal cost of U.S. natural gas supply beholden to a fully burdened corporate cost curve that requires a sufficient return on corporate capital or enterprise value, not just a return on field level CapEx. I want to highlight a few observations from this slide. First, the marginal molecule of U.S. gas supply is coming from the Haynesville, requiring a natural gas price of approximately $3.50 per MMBtu to even begin generating cash flow in maintenance mode, meaning below this price, no shareholder value is being created and inventory optionality is being depleted. On the other hand, EQT is at the low end of the cost of supply curve, which translates to structurally more durable through-the-cycle free cash flow generation and returns for our shareholders and also less need to defensively hedge away gas price upside. Further, we see the price required to generate corporate return for Haynesville producers already at north of $4 per MMBtu based on current market valuations. On the other hand, EQT shares are pricing in a level embedding a mid-$3 gap price, providing a superior entry point to gain exposure to natural gas prices and in a superior risk-adjusted manner due to EQT's lower cost of supply. As previously noted, our contractual gathering rate improvement, unrivaled depth of repeatable low-cost inventory and new firm sales agreements will drive EQT's cost of supply even lower over the next five years in contrast to the rest of the industry, which will likely see upward pressure over this period as peer producers move toward lower-quality inventory. As a result, we believe EQT is uniquely positioned to capture a disproportionate amount of natural gas price upside relative to peers in the years ahead. I'll now turn the call back over to Toby for some concluding remarks.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Jeremy. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a few key points. Number one, the momentum and gravity at EQT right now is unrivaled, and I have never felt anything like it in my career. We are executing at record levels, signing historic physical supply deals that simultaneously maximize the value of each molecule and provide secure supply to end customers while cutting emissions and executing on a vision to create the preeminent low-cost producer of natural gas on the global stage. Second, integration of the Tug Hill and XcL assets is blazing ahead at record pace, which speaks to the power of our proprietary digital platform and continued refinements of our integration playbook. Third, after a stellar second quarter, our drilling and completions teams yet again set new internal and world records in Q3. Fourth, this superior operational execution is facilitating additional value creation potential on the Tug Hill assets, with EQT's team already improving drilling and completion efficiency by 40% in just 60 days of operating the assets, driving the potential for $150 per foot of well cost savings. Fifth, the firm sales agreements we announced associated with our MVP capacity are materially accretive to our long-term free cash flow outlook and shareholder value and highlight the differentiated opportunities arising from EQT's peer-leading scale, low cost structure, inventory depth and environmental attributes. And finally, sixth, our first-of-its-kind public-private forced management partnership with the State of West Virginia should create one of the highest quality, most verifiable nature-based carbon sequestration projects and should help facilitate EQT becoming the first energy company in the world of meaningful scale to achieve net zero emissions. And with that, I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Umang Choudhary with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Umang Choudhary: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. The firm sales contract on the Mountain Valley Pipeline is notable, given it improves the company's long-term supply cost positioning, which I assume is not completely reflected on Slide number 12. So a couple of questions here. Like how did this deal come together? Is there potential for similar opportunities in the future? And also if you can help investors get a better sense of the risk in achieving the free cash flow uplift of more than $300 million.
Toby Rice: Hi, Umang. This is Toby. Let me just put some broader color on what's happening in the United States, and then I'll kick it over to Jeremy for more of the details. Over the last 10 years, we've seen natural gas demand grow about 50% in this country. During that period of time, the pipeline capacity that's been built has only grown about 25%. And so it shows the drive from a need for more pipeline infrastructure that would lead to opportunities like this going forward. Jeremy, do you want to cover some of the more detailed points about this transaction, how it came together?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, absolutely. So this is something we've been working on for several months, and it's part of just our ongoing commercial strategy to really find opportunities like this. If you want to think about it at a high level, we're effectively taking 1.2 Bcf a day of volume that's currently being sold in the local M2 market. And instead, through these transactions, the net effect is selling that at about a NYMEX minus $0.40 type differential when you take into account the premium in-market pricing we're getting and the cost to transport it there on MVP. That gets you to that, call it, $0.15 to $0.20 of all-in company-wide differential improvement in 2028 and beyond. And that's what gets that $300 million just in total of annual cash flow uplift.
Umang Choudhary: Great. And is there any further opportunities of such nature which you foresee in the future? And also, if you can help us quantify the risk around that free cash flow uplift of $300 million. Do you see any scenarios where that $300 million will not come through for EQT?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. It's a good question. You know what, we think the risk is relatively low because the contracts were structured in different tranches. In many ways, we're actually linked to NYMEX pricing and Gulf Coast pricing. And so any change in NYMEX or just from the pull on the LNG market in that export Gulf Coast region should really benefit these contracts and the way they're priced directly. In terms of further uplift, look, we hope this is really the first of a lot of contracts like this. We still have plenty of volume at our scale that we can use to try to pair into deals like this. And really, if you think about the way we're approaching our LNG strategy through the tolling structure, what we'd really like to do is try to replicate the essence of what we're doing here really on the global stage, taking molecules that are sold domestically and pairing them up with contracts like this and selling them abroad. So we really hope across the business, this is the first of many deals like this. But they take time to do, but again, it's – I think it's evidence we're building the business for the long run, doing deals like this that even if there might be some sort of near-term cost, I mean, you think about a deal like these firm sales deals, there might be, near-term, a little bit of downside to cash flow. But think about it, the AMA that we restructured here is maybe a couple of hundred million dollars in the next year or two of hit, but that's really made up by 10x that over the life of these contracts. So it's really restructuring something for kind of a 10:1 investment return is really how we look at it as we're really trying to build long-term value.
Umang Choudhary: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of John Abbott with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Abbott: Good morning, and thank you for taking our questions. Toby, there's been a lot of press speculation recently about further industry consolidation even between gas companies. How do you think about industry consolidation from here and how do you see EQT's potential role in that?
Toby Rice: Well, my view hasn't changed. We think consolidation is a tool, when used correctly, to create a lot of value for shareholders. I think you look at the track record that we've established over the past few years, we've done really smart deals and we've created a lot of value. Look at the Tug Hill acquisition, we are focused on lowering our cost structure. Those assets have lowered our cost structure by about $0.15 pre-synergies. So the operational efficiencies that we're demonstrating now will be additive on top of that, improved our long-life inventory and also making the energy cleaner. Tug Hill ran a pretty clean program but now these assets are going to be incorporated into our net zero goal, so make the energy we produce cleaner as well. So I think every opportunity has to be looked at, at a stand-alone basis. But for us, the guiding light is always what can we do to lower our cost structure, make us a better business, produce more reliable and cleaner energy. And we'll be disciplined and continue to wait until we see anything that looks attractive to us.
John Abbott: Appreciate that. And then for our follow-up question, appreciate the free cash flow guidance that you sort of provided right there. But when you think about spending, I mean, you haven't put out your budget, but when you think about long-term, true long-term maintenance CapEx without taking into account potential debottlenecking opportunities, how do you think of that at this point in time from a spend perspective to hold maybe 2.3 Tcfe flat?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, let me take that one. So let's use next year as a proxy. So we expect, while we're still working through the budget, we expect a low $2 billion type all-in CapEx number. But we'll provide more color at a later date on this, but it's really important to note that the CapEx required to just maintain our base business is really quite a bit below that. Really, what we're trying to do right now is find new opportunities to reinvest into low-risk, strong return opportunities, so things like the West Virginia water system that we invested in talked about last quarter, good example of that. We're looking at a couple of other infrastructure projects through our XcL platform now to debottleneck volumes, to realize better pricing. We're also seeing opportunities really on the land front, which we think are unique to Appalachia, opportunities where we effectively can acquire new locations for about $1 million per location, and these are locations worth $5 million to $10 million when drilled. So we have a pretty active program replacing about 80% of our lateral footage developed each year, which sort of perpetually extends our inventory. And so on a rate of return basis, we see those as, call it, 5:1, 10:1 type investments. And so as we see those come up, we'll continue to allocate CapEx towards that. But really that long-term just maintenance CapEx number for the base business is probably closer to right about $2 billion. And we don't see that changing materially in the really five-year forecast at least.
John Abbott: Very, very helpful. Thank you for taking our questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. Toby, the crown jewel of the Tug Hill deal was the XcL Midstream system. I wanted to get your thoughts on value creation opportunities from integrating the midstream further in terms of internal and third-party opportunities. Obviously, it is going to help your cost structure as you highlighted as well.
Toby Rice: Yes. Arun, we're excited about the potential for this asset base and the leadership team we picked up to create value in this area. But I'd say as we're looking for more investment opportunities that will generate pretty attractive low-risk returns that we're looking for, we're going to continue to just keep pushing the ball along and capturing those synergies that we identified. That Clarington Connector is something that's top of mind for us, looking to accelerate any water debottlenecking. One thing that's really important to just highlight is a lot of the completion efficiency gains have come from debottlenecking water. So that will be – continue to be a big focus there on that front. And hopefully these investments in water infrastructure will give us an opportunity to continually come back and talk about the cost savings, both on an LOE front and the completion side of things. From a third-party business opportunity, this team is definitely capable and with our systems that we have, we're able to provide those opportunities to others where it makes sense. But one of the things with a really large contiguous acreage position is third-party opportunities are limited, but if they do pop up, we've got our eyes out for them and we'll be taking advantage of those.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just maybe a follow-up on the 2024 outlook where you've highlighted $1.7 billion of free cash flow potential. It sounds like CapEx will be in the low $2 billion range. Can you give us a sense on your thoughts on differentials for next year?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I'd say on a – kind of what's embedded in that is on an all-in company basis like a $0.55 to $0.60 kind of all-in differential. I mean, we're seeing quite a bit of movement right now, but that's probably the appropriate range if you're trying to tie numbers out.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Nitin Kumar: Hi. Good morning guys, and thanks for taking my questions. I kind of want to start on this new firm sales contract. I think, Jeremy, you mentioned that there's an impact of about $100 million to $200 million near-term. Could you help us bridge the gap of what is driving that? I understand that the longer-term benefit comes from better pricing. What's the restructuring of the AMA costing you?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So that AMA originally, if you remember, was $525 million a day. And so the cost of MVP during this, call it, two to three year period until these expansion projects are built out, effectively, what that's saying is that's probably $125 million to $150 million a year of near-term free cash flow that we opted to give up, so call it $300 million maybe in total. And if you use some high-level math and say the total annual free cash flow we gain when these projects come online is about $300 million, it's like a 10% free cash flow yield is about $3 billion. So we kind of see it as, again, $3 billion over $300 million is about 10:1. So again, we think about it more from an investment perspective, it's a near-term investment for a pretty material long-term value uplift.
Nitin Kumar: Got it. That makes sense. And then just maybe a quick question around service costs. You mentioned the low $2 billion type of CapEx number for next year. If you could maybe help us peel the onion a little bit around assumptions around deflation. You talked about pretty material capital savings from operating efficiencies on Tug Hill, $150 per foot. How much of that is baked in or what are your thoughts on the service cost environment right now?
Toby Rice: So at a very high level, we're expecting, I'd say, single-digit service cost deflation. Biggest driver there is on the steel where we'll see a 20% reduction in steel costs. I'd say the bigger opportunity for us to lower our cost is going to come from continued operational excellence in the field. One of the examples that's sort of underpinning our budget in this upcoming year is assuming a 400 hour per month frac pace. And as we've seen with the teams, 500 hours is possible. So we're working to shore up what we can do to make the 500 number more of the average, not just the high watermark. And those will translate to probably more significant cost savings than what we're seeing on the service side.
Nitin Kumar: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Hey guys. Thanks for the questions. I wanted to ask just that you provided the 2024 outlook. I assume that at this point, it sounds like that's the original budget of the $1.7 billion base for EQT and then $300 million-plus or so for Tug Hill. So it doesn't seem like you're incorporating any of the benefits that you're seeing so far of improvements, especially on the Tug Hill side?
Jeremy Knop: Well, I would say, again, the important caveat to that is from a true maintenance perspective from our business, if you don't count infrastructure spend, some of the opportunistic land spend and maybe a couple of other small items we have in there, I think that actual maintenance CapEx number would come in very much at the low end. So we're guiding more towards total CapEx, including some of that growth opportunistic capital. That makes sense. So that, I think, should bridge the numbers that you're talking to.
David Deckelbaum: Well, maybe like if you could expand on that a bit because I think that's helpful. As we think about improvements into the business from an efficiency standpoint into 2025, could you sort of quantify some of like the maybe front-loaded opportunistic investments around infrastructure and lands that would be in 2024? Does that extend through 2025, 2026? Is this a multi-year integration and investment process? Or is this more of an upfront 2024 situation?
Jeremy Knop: Look, I think it's just opportunistic. It's based on when we see opportunities come about. And obviously, they have to meet our pretty stringent criteria to justify investment. But again, if we're looking at the opportunity to pick up some additional land in one to two years ahead of the drill bit and make 5:1, 10:1 on that investment, we're going to do that every time. If we see the opportunity to invest in long-term infrastructure and get a 20%, 25% cash flow yield on that with virtually no risk, we're going to do that. And so look, I think next year, it could be in the $100 million to $200 million range of that additional growth capital. And I think what's true maintenance, if you want to think about that, is probably much closer to that $2 billion number.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate it. If I could sneak in the housekeeping one. Is there a meaningful shift in your deferred tax assumptions for next year, cash tax as a percentage of overall burden?
Jeremy Knop: No. We don't see any material taxes paid in 2024. And then I think as you get into 2025, at least where strip is today, we're maybe looking at closer to like a 15% tax rate. And then by the time you get to 2026, we're a full cash taxpayer, kind of a low 20% cash tax rate.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate a little help. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Scialla with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Good morning, everybody. Wanted to see, you talked about the potential for the $150 per foot of savings with the operational efficiencies that you're applying to the Tug Hill assets, what needs to happen for that to become a reality? And I guess where are those relative costs based on the wells completed there so far?
Toby Rice: Well, the cost savings that we had, the $150, about half of that is operational efficiency, the other half is well design. So for that to materialize, we need to continue executing in the field and putting up some big numbers on drilling speeds and completion pace, obviously doing it as safely as possible to accomplish that. The other thing I'd say on the well design side of things, that's probably going to take a little bit more time to materialize because we will take a more methodical pace on the science. We don't just run out and make all the changes at once. So there'll be some monitoring time observed there. But when you step back and think about these type of operational synergies that we'll achieve, the $150 a foot could translate to about $50 million of total spend, which would translate to about, call it, $0.02 to $0.03 lower on our cost structure on top of the previously planned $0.15. So I hope that adds some more color to your question.
Michael Scialla: That's helpful. Thank you. And I wanted to ask about the – your agreements with the LNG. In terms of – any comments there on the discussions you're having with potential end users of LNG? And would any agreement there be contingent on converting your HOAs to binding agreements? Sort of what's the process that needs to play out there?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Great question. There's actually been a lot of interest, a lot of parties reaching out to us about this so we've been really encouraged by that to date. In terms of sequencing, we do need to get those long-term agreements signed on the supply side before signing the ultimate SPA. But it's really a – it's a parallel process and so we are working through that. In terms of timing, it's probably six to 12 months out before kind of the whole package of those is done. But look, we've been really encouraged by the progress to date.
Michael Scialla: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hey, good morning. The firm sales contracts you locked in starting in 2027 are very impressive. With those margins derisked, do you have any plans to grow into the volumes? And is that baked into your 2024 to 2028 free cash flow outlook?
Jeremy Knop: We certainly have the option to. We just got these deals signed a couple of weeks ago so we've not made any long-term plan adjustments. But that is an exciting option that's really paired with this from a value creation standpoint and something that we will evaluate in time if the price environment merits that level of activity.
Kevin MacCurdy: Got it. So it's not baked into that outlook at this time, the 60% free cash flow of BV?
Jeremy Knop: That's right.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And then you mentioned the $0.55 of NYMEX for 2024. I just wanted to get a little bit more clarity on whether that included basis hedges and any Btu uplift?
Jeremy Knop: Yes, that's right. It's all in.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good morning. I just – on the 2 MPA of HOAs, do you have an ideal share of portfolio linked to global gas prices? And what's kind of your thinking that underpins that ideal share if you do?
Toby Rice: Yes. I think if you step back and said and looked at this purely from a market diversification perspective, somewhere around 10% exposed to international markets feels balanced. But this will ultimately depend on what type of netbacks that we're able to achieve by connecting to that market, and that will sort of turn the knob on where we sit with that. But right now, as it stands, this 2 million tons per annum for us is us putting our toes in the water. I mean, it's a significant amount of volume of the gas and provide a ton of energy security for customers around the world, but it's less than 5% of our total volume. So we're going to take a measured approach in accessing this market.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Diamond with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Diamond: Good morning and thanks for taking my call. Just a quick one. You guys talked about the kind of that theoretical max is 500 days versus the average of about 400 currently. I just wanted to see if you guys could put a little bit of clarity around, I guess, how you see bridging that gap. Like how close can you get to the 600 and over what timeframe?
Toby Rice: Yes. So the theoretic max is around 600 hours per month, and we set plans for 400 and hope to repeat the 500 hours per month. Listen, the biggest thing is going to be the logistical support for these frac operations. And that's all about getting as much water and sand to location as possible. We've spent a lot of time on the sand side. There could be some infrastructure investment opportunities for us on that pace to bring transload facilities closer to the actual frac sites. Those opportunities are relatively small, $8 million to $10 million upfront cost but they can pay dividends over time. And then obviously, we understand the benefits and economics behind water infrastructure. One of the biggest benefits with EQT and one of the benefits of our having a deep inventory in this area is we're going to be able to make these investments because we have so much inventory that's going to benefit from these investments. And that certainly is a key differentiator to think about when you think about these opportunities present within EQT versus others.
Paul Diamond: Understood. Thank you. And just one quick follow-up. You guys talked about the incorporation of MVP and coal retirements producing about 4 Bcf of incremental demand out of Appalachia. Just want to see if you could give a bit of clarity around the timing of that. Is that over the next one year, five years? Just how do you see that kind of developing?
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So I mean, half of that is obviously MVP at 2 Bcf a day. And the rest of it, we kind of look at it over the next five years kind of chipping away. It's not obviously an annual growth number, but we see over that timeframe that demand showing up kind of through those different changes in the market.
Paul Diamond: Understood. That's all for me. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Noel Parks: Hi. Good morning.
Toby Rice: Good morning.
Noel Parks: One question I had was as you have put together some of these longer-term forecasts and projections, and when you make the infrastructure piece, some of the trends look really compelling. As you look at different pricing scenarios, do you picture, and this, of course, would be a high class problem. Do you picture a gas price high enough where a plausible feeder kind of gets reintroduced of the industry overdrilling again? I mean, I know is that sustained $6, $7 or something like that?
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, I think our biggest thing that is going to be the biggest driving force maybe on how people think about the dollars they spend towards drilling is really getting away from the half-cycle wellhead returns and looking more at a holistic cost of returns and gas price needed to actually not just generate free cash flow and cover your cost of supply, but actually create, deliver value back towards shareholders. And that right-now scenario is showing us that even with current strip is below the price level needed to generate the cost of returns that investors are demanding right now. So if you look at it from that perspective, I think you'd be a little bit more cautious over activity levels. But we think the – what's happened in this industry over the past few years in this sustainable shale era is operators, I think, are being much more holistic when they're making their investment decisions, and that's going to lead to better – a more durable industry that's better to serve customers over the long-term and also keep investors happy and satisfied with the returns that they're making.
Jeremy Knop: I'd say another interesting caveat to that, that's really important to remember. I think a lot of people like to talk in terms of averages when talking about future gas prices or commodity prices. In our view, I think what's going to change a bit in the character of the gas market going forward is in a world where there's less coal to switch to, you have renewable intermittency, you have your days of demand covered dwindling for gas. You're going to see a lot more volatility. And so instead of a clear price signal, so to speak, of $5 or $6, as you suggested, which would give you confidence to drill and grow, I think you might see a year where gas is really high and another year where gas is really low. That will average out to an attractive price to the middle, but it does create a lot of volatility. And I think from a planning perspective for companies that are just pure upstream producers, it creates a lot more pause before saying we want to go invest an extra $1 billion in drilling in a given year. And I think that if you want to look at a case study of that, you can see what happened in the past 12 months where that really seemed to be all the rage in 2022 of prices were high single digits. And all it took were a couple of events and prices fell as low as $2. Now you're seeing the Haynesville start to really decline. So I think when you look ahead, I think that's an important differentiation. But I think the net effect is you're going to see some air gaps emerge of oversupply and undersupply. And that really underpins our focus on cost structure because we don't want to be one of those producers that has to decline and has to ramp back up. We'd love to be able to really produce durable cash flow and return for investors through the cycle. And again, if you're worried about prices one year falling to $2 like we just saw this year and you have to hedge that but then you missed prices going back up materially higher, over the long run, you're not going to generate nearly as much value. So again, that outlook is really informing how we scope the business, whether it's through just organic cost cutting, it's our hedging strategy, our balance sheet, how we think about future M&A. But that characteristic, I think, is an important caveat and it will be a lot different in the next five years compared to the prior five years.
Noel Parks: Great. Thanks a lot for bringing the volatility angle into it. And I also want to touch on the issue of coal replacement. And I was just wondering, are you – as you see utilities doing their longer-term planning, do you see any signs of the impact from some of the advanced technology out there, for example, for gas turbines, greater efficiency, lower emissions and so forth? Is that in the equation as you see some of these coal replacements on the horizon?
Toby Rice: Well, I think what you are seeing is energy security coming back into the headlines in the American grid. And when you look at a lot of the power generation capacity that's been added, over the last five years, a lot of it has come from intermittent, albeit lower carbon energy solutions like wind and solar. And people are now stepping back and saying, do we have the reliability that we need? And you see this across all ISOs across the country where your peak demand number is coming very close to your reliable electricity generation. While you may have coverage from intermittent sources above that, you realize that when that peak demand hits and you're pushing them, your red lining, your reliable electricity power generation, you're on your knees praying for the wind to blow and the sun to shine. And I think people are looking at this now and looking for more energy security and realizing that low carbon energy solutions like natural gas are going to be the solution that the world needs.
Noel Parks: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Bert Donnes with Truist. Please go ahead.
Bertrand Donnes: Hey, thanks guys. Toby, I think you brought this up a few times, the idea of downside protection when it comes to hedging and even your LNG strategy that I think provides a floor. It seems like you're more careful in protecting the downside risk versus some of your peers. So maybe that backs off a little bit once you hit your leverage target. But do you think this is just the nature of you guys being the biggest guy in the room or are you looking longer term? Or maybe you just currently have a different investor base that are asking different things of you. But just any thoughts there?
Toby Rice: Well, I think it's just prudent as an investor to think about protecting against the downside while also providing exposure to what we think is going to be a really exciting natural gas market. So I think one thing that's going to be the alternative is, and we can play that with – by hedging and caring about the floors and also caring about the ceilings we're putting in our business, we can do that with some of the supply deals, we structure delivering floors that cover our cost of capital, allow us to generate the returns that our investors are demanding while also providing ceilings that prevent customers from experiencing price blowouts. And at the end of the day, the integrated energy producer like EQT that has control over the cost to pull the gas out of the ground, the contracts to move it through the pipeline and get it through the tailpipe of LNG facility, we can offer pricing that ensures us to be able to generate returns but also gives the world what it really needs, which is guardrails on pricing. And that is – that will give them the energy security that ultimately is so desperately needed right now. So again, we think customers that are looking to play the spot market with this volatility, it's going to get pretty exciting. And I think we can take away some of the volatility and still generates pretty great returns and create some really great win-win scenarios for customers.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. And let me add to that, Bert. I mean, look, I think we've moved from a world in the last couple of years, we're playing defense and very programmatically hedging to a position being fully back to investment grade now with the low cost structure, one of the lowest amongst peers where we can much more opportunistically say, where do we see risk on the curve? Where do we see opportunity? And again, that's why we keep trying to reemphasize how we're taking a more tactical approach to hedging at the moment. So again, we've increasingly leaned into more hedges in the next 12, really nine to 12 months because whether the biggest driver's winter during that time period, or whether that is a warm winter, a cold winter, a normal winter, prices could be up $0.50 to $1 or down $0.50 to $1. We don't see it materially moving probably beyond that, but that changes a lot as you get later into 2024 and into 2025, where relative to where the strip is right now and the other fundamental factors playing into it, the declines in production we expect to see start to really materialize in the Haynesville, in particular, combined with the pickup in LNG demand, which by the end of 2025, we're modeling at about a 5 Bcf a day increase, and you have another probably 1 Bcf a day increase on top of that in the form of exports to Mexico. Another structural demand from things like industrial. That market looks increasingly tight with a backdrop of low DUC inventory and actually under-investment. And so when we see opportunities like that emerge, we want to provide investors exposure to that. But look, at the end of the day, if I were to say, you don't have a dynamic like that at play, I think our focus in hedging will be protecting just the fixed cost structure of the business and taking out some of the volatility associated with that. And again, in a world of high volatility, as I explained a few minutes ago that we'd expect to see in the future, there'll be really great years and also some years that could be pretty tough like we saw earlier this year. And so we'd like to really take that volatility out. And if you think about the essence of what a lot of investors, high-quality investors, in particular, are looking for an energy right now, is durable cash flow and yield and price exposure, right? And so what we're trying to do through our hedging program is really try to scope that exposure for those investors and provide that long-term runway where they can have that in the next five to 10 years. We're not trying to run a business that is just the highest volatility option on gas price. We're trying to run it like a real business.
Bertrand Donnes: Those are a lot of great points. Thanks, guys. And then maybe shifting gears a little bit. It looks like you're drilling slightly shorter laterals in 4Q versus 3Q, but you're still completing or turning in line maybe some longer laterals. So could you talk if there's a strategy shift there or if that's just a quarterly blip and you're still targeting longer laterals?
Toby Rice: Yes. We're still targeting longer laterals. There will be variances quarter-to-quarter and that's sort of what you maybe seeing here. But the strategy has not changed. The strategy to continue to leverage common development and unlock the scale of our asset base is still being top of mind and applied every day.
Bertrand Donnes: That's perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Toby Rice for closing remarks.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Eric. This quarter marks another quarter where we've demonstrated some pretty meaningful steps to make the energy we produce at EQT cheaper, more reliable and cleaner for the world and also create value for shareholders. What was really great to see this quarter is really talking about how the differentiating aspects of our business, our low-cost structure, our scale, our deep inventory and environmental attributes are actually creating value and creating opportunities for our business that we are optimistic will present some really attractive investment opportunities for us in the future, and we look forward to keeping you guys updated along the way.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.
