===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for prerecorded discussion about our first quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC filed yesterday and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is a property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Before we dive into our first quarter results, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge a truly historic milestone for Erie Insurance. A few days ago, on April 20, we marked the 100th anniversary of our company's founding. When I reflect on this milestone, it's amazing to think about the impact this company has had over the past century. Protection and peace of mind for millions of policyholders, stable and successful careers for tens of thousands of employees and agents, millions of dollars and thousands of hours of time contributed to our communities and a century of innovation, resilience and service. It's an extraordinary achievement that speaks to the strong foundation that was built 100 years ago and our commitment to the values and business principles of our founders. Fittingly, we've been celebrating this milestone in ways that connect to those values. Last month, we provided each employee $100 to contribute to a charity of their choice. So far, nearly $0.5 million has been allocated to various nonprofits across our geographic footprint. Of course, as we look back at what brought us here, we're also focused on what's ahead. We're taking actions to remain competitive in this complex and constantly evolving business landscape and I'm confident in the strategic approach we're taking to long term growth and stability. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Chief Financial Officer, Julie Pelkowski to share details on our first quarter financial performance. Julie?
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim and good morning everyone. As Tim mentioned, this past week Erie Insurance celebrated a significant achievement, its centennial celebration. For 100 years, Erie has operated with a focus of being above all in service, a timeless differentiator from our competitors. Our foundation of financial strength in keeping the human touch at the center of everything we do has helped us to navigate countless challenges and weather many ups and downs, particularly in more difficult times such as significant weather events and uncertain economic and market conditions. So let's start by discussing the first quarter performance of the Erie Insurance Exchange, the insurance operations we manage. The significant rate increases we implemented in 2023 and 2024 continue to drive the Exchange's direct written premium growth. Direct and assumed written premiums grew by nearly 14% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior year. The rate impact is evidenced in the increase in our average premium per policy of 13.2%. Now that our rates are at more adequate levels, we're seeing the impact of the increased competitiveness of those rates. Policies in force grew 3.2% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2024, which is lower than 4.8% for the total year 2024, but more in line with growth experienced prior to pandemic related disruption. Our policy retention ratio decreased slightly to 89.9%. The significant rate actions I've mentioned were the primary lever we were pulling on to improve the profitability of the exchange. We continue to see improvements in our non-catastrophe loss ratio for the exchange. However, in March 2025 we experienced a significant catastrophe loss that contributed 13 points to the Exchange's total first quarter catastrophe losses of over 16 points. This drove the increase in our first quarter combined ratio. The Exchange's first quarter combined ratio was 108.1%, an increase over 106% in the first quarter of 2024. As you can see in the Investor Supplement that was published yesterday on our website, if we excluded catastrophe losses, as well as the effects of prior accident year reserve development, our direct current year non-catastrophe loss ratio would have been 95.4% in the first quarter of 2025. The Exchange's underwriting losses in the first quarter were partially offset by investment returns, which resulted in a slight decrease in policyholder surplus from $9.3 billion at December of 2024 to $9.2 billion at March 2025. Shifting to the results for Indemnity, net income was $138.4 million, or $2.65 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2025 compared to $124.6 million or $2.38 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2024. Operating income increased 9% to more than $151 million for the first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2024. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased over 13% to $755 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior year. The total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased $77 million, or about 14% for the first quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. Our largest expense our commissions, grew $61 million, or about 16% for the first quarter. This growth was driven by the increase in direct written premiums of the Exchange and to a lesser extent, agent incentive compensation. Non-commission expenses for the first quarter grew just over $16 million, or about 9%. The biggest driver of this growth was an $11 million increase in our technology investments due to higher hardware, software and personnel costs, as well as a decrease in the amount of professional fees capitalized. We also saw an increase in underwriting and policy processing costs of $3 million and customer service costs of about $2 million. Personnel cost increases across all expense categories were impacted by increased compensation in the first quarter of 2025, including higher estimates for incentive plan awards compared to 2024. When looking at our investment operations, it's important to note that during periods of heightened market uncertainty, we have always maintained a long term perspective and a focus on our strategic objectives for the Erie Insurance Group portfolio. Investment income in the first quarter of 2025 was $19.5 million compared to $15 million in the same period of 2024, driven by growth in our net investment income of $4 million. As always, we take a measured approach to capital management and we maintain a strong balance sheet and for the first three months of 2025, our financial performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders almost $64 million in dividends. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Julie. The entire insurance industry is feeling the effects of external pressures related to economic instability, the dynamic political environment and an increase in severe weather. Results Julie just reported, however, confirm that we're responding appropriately and effectively setting the stage to address the immediate challenges ahead and to build long term sustainability for both the company and for our agents. A key part of our response involves technology. In past calls, I've talked about our progress in modernizing our legacy platforms. One of the more significant achievements over the past quarter was the continued rollout of Business Auto 2.0. After a pilot in Indiana in the second half of last year, the product has been released to Ohio, Wisconsin, Illinois and Tennessee in late January. Business Auto 2.0 supports our refreshed and enhanced Business Auto product with an improved quoting and processing experience and the ability to have vehicles from multiple states on one policy. It also provides access to online account for customers and features an autopay option. Rollout to the remainder of our footprint is expected to continue through the third quarter. Our modernization efforts are wide scale and ongoing, so you can be sure to hear more updates on our progress in upcoming calls. As Julie detailed earlier, we've experienced some very costly claims already this year. The losses incurred from the severe storms throughout our footprint in March have even surpassed those of Hurricane Helene, a September storm that flooded the Southeast, causing widespread destruction and fatalities. Catastrophes like these are devastating to our customers and damaging to our profitability, but it's in these circumstances that our biggest strength is exceptional service really shines through. When I reflect on where we are today, celebrating 100 years in business, I'm proud that we have kept our promise of service at the forefront of everything we do, and I'm excited to begin our second century of service and success. Thank you all for joining us today and for your continued interest in Erie.
Q - :

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter and Year End 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question and answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our fourth quarter and year end results. This recording will include remarks from Timothy NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the investor relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC filed yesterday, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. And thanks to all of you for your interest in Erie's fourth quarter and year end results for 2024. 2025 is an exciting year at Erie Insurance as we celebrate our centennial. H.O. Hertz and O.G. Crawford opened the doors of Erie Insurance Exchange on April 20, 1925, after selling $31,000 of stock in Erie Indemnity Company, as the managing attorney in fact. Within the first year, H.O. and O.G. earned just under $50,000 in premiums from nearly 1,400 policyholders and established a surplus of almost $37,000. It's amazing to think that today, Erie Insurance Exchange has amassed close to $12 billion in premium, more than 7 million policies in force, and just over $9 billion in policyholder surplus. And Erie Indemnity just experienced net income of $600 million in 2024. This growth and success are, no doubt, testament to the value proposition we offer delivered by our dedicated employees and our agents. Today, we face challenges and changes that are quite different from those of our founders. We are adapting and responding in a way that aligns with our founding principles which guide us to put people and service above all else. I'll share some examples of recent strides we've made to adapt to some of those changes in a few minutes. But first, I'd like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Julie Pelkowski, who will provide an overview of our financial results.
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. In 2024, Erie Indemnity Company continued to experience strong operating performance driven by growth for Erie Insurance Exchange. Direct written premiums of the Exchange grew 16% in the fourth quarter of 2024 and over 18% for the full year 2024 compared to the respective period in the prior year. These results were primarily driven by the more significant caused by increased severity and weather events. The Exchange's total average premium per policy grew over 13% in 2024 compared to 2023. Policies in force grew a solid 4.8% to over 7 million in 2024, although slowing from the significant growth of 6.9% in 2023. Policyholder retention also remained strong at 90.4%. As stated in previous calls, because we write 12-month policies, it takes 24 months for the related premium to be fully earned into our financial results. As expected, the Exchange's profitability experienced improvements driven by the higher earned premiums as the more significant portion of rate increases realized in 2024. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the combined ratio was 105.7, an improvement from 111.4 in the fourth quarter of 2023. From a total year perspective, the combined ratio for the Exchange ended at 110.4, nearly nine points better than the 2023 combined ratio of 119.1. Coupled with the impact from rate increases, the Exchange has seen stable frequency and while there are still pockets of higher severity, overall severity trends have been moderating. Catastrophe losses from weather events were also lower in 2024 despite the impacts of Hurricane Helene that added 1.6 points to the 2024 combined ratio. Overall, catastrophe losses contributed 9.6 points to the 2024 combined ratio compared to 12.6 points in 2023. In 2022 and 2023, the Exchange experienced declines in policyholder surplus driven by the severity and weather events we've been discussing. With the more significant rate actions taking hold in 2024, policyholder surplus stabilized this year, remaining at $9.3 billion at year end, similar to the beginning of the year. Now let's turn to the Indemnity Company and the positive results for both the fourth quarter and year end. Net income was $152 million or $2.91 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to nearly $111 million or $2.12 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2023. Net income was just over $600 million or $11.48 per diluted share in 2024, compared to just over $446 million or $8.53 per diluted share in 2023. Operating income in the fourth quarter increased a little over $40 million or 31.7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. For the total year, Indemnity experienced an increase in operating income of just over $156 million or 30% compared to 2023. When looking at our revenue growth, management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased over $97 million or 16.1% in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, and $452 million or 18.5% for the total year compared to 2023. These increases in both the fourth quarter and total year were in line with the respective increases in the direct and affiliated assumed written premiums of the Exchange. From an expense standpoint, the total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased $57 million or 11.4% for the fourth quarter and $301 million or 15% for the total year 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Our most significant cost of operations are commission expenses, which grew $51 million in the fourth quarter while the total year commission expenses increased $253 million. Higher commissions in both periods were driven by the increase in direct and affiliated assumed written premiums of the Exchange. Non-commission expenses for the fourth quarter grew just over $6 million, while the total year non-commission expenses grew $48 million. The $6 million fourth quarter increase included $3 million in additional information technology investments and $2 million in higher customer service costs. These increases were offset by lower sales and advertising and lower administrative and other costs of $1 million. The increase in total year non-commission expenses of $48 million included increased underwriting and policy processing expenses of $18.5 million. Sales and advertising expenses increased by almost $8 million driven by higher agent-related and community development costs. Administrative and other costs increased $14.5 million due to increased personnel costs, charitable contributions, and professional fees. Customer service costs also increased $9 million due to increases in both personnel costs and credit card processing fees. These increases were offset by lower overall information technology costs for the year of over $1 million due to decreases in professional fees and personnel costs. Income from investments for the fourth quarter totaled almost $21 million compared to $10 million in the same period last year. The fourth quarter of 2024 saw an increase of $7 million in net investment income as well as a decrease in net impairment losses of $7 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Income from investments totaled over $69 million for 2024, compared to just $29 million for the total year 2023, primarily driven by a $25 million increase in net investment income. Contributing to this increase was a $13 million improvement in our limited partnership results and higher net realized and unrealized gains of $9 million compared to 2023. Finally, in 2024, we paid our shareholders over $237 million in dividends. And in December of last year, our Board approved a 7.1% increase in the 2025 regular quarterly cash dividend for both our Class A and Class B shares. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Julie. Earlier in the call, I mentioned the challenges and changes we've been facing. And we're certainly not alone. The volatility of the economy, climate, and legal landscape are impacting our entire industry. And, of course, the pace of technology continues to demand more of our resources and attention. Modernization of our technology platforms and processes has been a key initiative for the past two years. It's foundational to our future growth and geographic expansion, and it's directly tied to one of our highest current priorities, expense management. I'm pleased to share that at the end of 2024, we've successfully migrated multiple legacy systems to modern platforms. We still have a lot of work ahead to continue this migration and to sunset legacy systems, but we're pleased with our progress to date. Several legacy platforms have been migrated to the cloud, a technology infrastructure that is more stable, secure, and efficient. The modernization efforts have also led to enhancements to our products, services, and related digital and data capabilities. This includes a new billing platform that has been implemented with two recent rollouts. The expansion of workers' compensation and the launch of Business Auto 2.0. You may recall that in 2023, we launched a refreshed workers' compensation platform. This paved the way for the recent expansion of workers' comp coverage to adjacent states. Commercial customers domiciled in states within Erie's footprint can now include employees who work primarily in Delaware and Vermont on their Erie workers' comp policy. Additional states are expected to be added soon. Business Auto 2.0 supports our refreshed and enhanced commercial auto product with an improved quoting and processing experience, and the ability to have vehicles for multiple states on one policy. After being successfully piloted in Indiana, and incorporating recommended improvements from stakeholders, Business Auto 2.0 will move ahead for full rollout in the first half of 2025. Before we close, I'd like to mention a couple of third-party recognitions Erie received in the last quarter. In November, Erie was recognized as a top 100 employer for workplace culture for the second consecutive year by the American Opportunity Index. The annual employer study measures how effective America's largest companies are at developing talent to drive business performance and advance individual careers. In December, Erie's Future Focus Internship Program was named to the Rising Insurance Star Executive list of the industry's 50 best leadership programs for the fourth consecutive year. More than 100 interns from 40 different colleges and universities participated in the program last year. Finally, I'm excited to share that two of our senior leaders have been promoted to executive vice presidents. Sarah Shine, a 25-year employee of Erie, has been appointed Executive Vice President of Customer Service and Experience. Cody Cook, a 22-year employee of Erie, has been appointed Executive Vice President of Claims. As tenured employees who have served in both business and support functions, they each bring great institutional knowledge and valuable perspective to our executive team. I'm excited to have Cody and Sarah serving in these important executive roles as we begin our hundredth year and set our strategy for the future. Thank you all again for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our third quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC filed yesterday and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for listening in to learn more about Erie's performance in the third quarter of 2024. The storms have been ravaging parts of our country and all those impacted by these disasters have certainly been on our minds in recent weeks. The aftermath of the Hurricane Helene, in particular has been devastating in areas of our footprint. Our claims teams and agents in the impacted areas and additional employees deployed to assist have been facing incredibly difficult circumstances. Many of them are experiencing losses themselves while providing much needed service to our policyholders. The lives lost, the homes and businesses destroyed and the devastation in those communities is hard to comprehend. Let us please keep them in our thoughts and prayers as they navigate this challenging and heartbreaking situation, and please support the relief efforts in any way you can. Our generous Erie employees have been donating to hurricane relief causes bolstered by Erie's matching gifts program. Typical 100% match on shareable giving was doubled for donations to the relief funds for the American Red Cross, World Kitchen and Team Rubicon. I'm pleased to share that so far, more than $60,000 has been donated by Erie employees and matched by Erie. Early in September, Erie made a $250,000 charitable contribution to the American Red Cross Disaster responder program, and we are working on additional donations to other local rescue causes in affected portions of our territory. We believe it is always important to do the right thing and give how you can, but especially when our people and our communities need it the most. Turning to our financials now. Helene and other weather related activity over the past quarter have had a negative impact on the combined ratio for Erie Insurance Exchange, but Erie Indemnity Company continues its strong performance thanks to continued growth in new business and solid retention. This growth was represented recently with Erie's addition to the S&P 500 Index for the first time in September. Here to provide some additional context around our third quarter results is Chief Financial Officer, Julie Pelkowski, Julie?
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. As Tim mentioned, Erie Indemnity Company continues to experience strong operating performance which likely contributed to the addition of our company to the S&P 500 Index this quarter. As we've highlighted previously, the strong operating performance is driven by the recent significant increases in our primary source of revenue, our management fee revenue. As a reminder, we serve as the attorney-in-fact for the subscribers or policyholders of the Erie Insurance Exchange, which includes providing policy issuance and renewal services, as well as administrative services. For the services provided, we retain a management fee calculated as a percentage, not to exceed 25% of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. Thus, any changes to the Exchange's premiums will have a corresponding effect on the amount of the management fees we receive. The insurance industry has been experiencing increased loss cost pressures and weather-related activity that have resulted in significant increases to premium rates. The Exchange has not been immune to these pressures, and we've taken significant rate increases to combat the resulting profitability challenge. Because we write 12-month policies, there is a lag in timing to fully earn these rate increases intended to cover the increased loss costs. The realized premium from rate increases can take up to 24 months to impact the combined ratio, the Exchange's measure of profitability. Now as it relates to the third quarter, the Exchange's direct and affiliated assumed written premiums grew over 18% for the quarter and just over 19% year-to-date when compared with the prior period of 2023. The tremendous premium growth in both periods in 2024 can largely be attributed to the continued realization of rate increases, which are reflected in a significant increase in the year-over-year average written premium per policy of 12.8%. Year-over-year policies in force grew 6% despite the rate increases, and the Exchange maintained a strong policyholder retention at 90.8%. The Exchange's combined ratio was impacted by Hurricane Helene, as Tim referenced, and contributed 5.3 points to the third quarter 2024 combined ratio of 113.7 and 1.9 points to the Exchange's year-to-date combined ratio of 112. While 2024 continues to pose certain challenges, the rating and other actions we've taken, in addition to lower weather events overall this year, resulted in this current year-to-date combined ratio of 112, showing incremental improvement from the 2023 combined ratio at this time of 121.9. The Exchange's financial strength, as measured by policyholder surplus, has remained relatively stable at $9.2 billion at the end of September 2024 compared to $9.3 billion at the end of 2023. Turning to the indemnity. In the third quarter, the Indemnity generated net income of $160 million or $3.06 per diluted share compared to $131 million or $2.51 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, net income was $448 million or $8.57 per diluted share compared to $335 million or $6.41 per diluted share for the same period in 2023. Operating income increased 21% or $32 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, while year-to-date operating income increased 29.5% or $116 million compared to the first nine months of 2023. The main driver of these increases continues to be higher management fee revenue resulting from the Exchange's significant direct written premium growth. The Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $120 million or 18.5% in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, Indemnity saw an increase of $355 million or 19.3% compared to the same period of 2023, which is in-line with the direct written premium growth of the Exchange in the similar periods. Looking at the Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services, commissions, our largest expense, increased $66 million or 18.7% in the third quarter and $202 million or 19.9% in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The increases in both periods were driven by and in-line with the growth in the Exchange's direct and affiliated assumed written premium. To a lesser extent, agent incentive compensation contributed to the increase driven by the profitability component of the incentive. Non-commission expenses increased $23 million or 13.8% in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2023. Primary drivers of the increase include higher personnel costs, higher costs tied to production, such as underwriting and policy processing expenses, and our additional investments in technology. We also continue to make community-related investments, as Tim highlighted earlier. For the first nine months of 2024, Indemnity saw an increase in non-commission expenses of nearly $42 million or 8.4%. Similar to the quarter, we saw higher personnel costs, higher costs tied to production, including underwriting and policy processing expenses and increased community-related investments. On a year-to-date basis, we also had higher agent related costs and credit card processing fees while we had lower information technology costs. The personnel cost increases in both the third quarter and year-to-date through September were impacted by increased compensation including higher estimated costs for our long-term incentive plan awards, which was primarily due to the substantial increase in the stock price throughout 2024. Turning to our investment operations. Indemnity maintains a conservative portfolio to support our objectives of steady and consistent growth in earnings per share, current and future dividend growth, protecting the company from downside risks in its operations, as well as reinvesting in the business if opportunities arise. In the third quarter of 2024, investment income before taxes totaled $19.5 million compared to just over $12 million in the third quarter of 2023. Over the first 9 months of 2024, investment income before taxes was $48.5 million compared to just over $19 million in the first nine months of 2023. As always, we take a very measured approach to our capital management, and we maintain a strong balance sheet. For the first nine months of 2024, our financial performance enabled us to pay our shareholders over $178 million in dividends. Thank you again for your time today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Julie. As our customer base continues to grow, it's increasingly important to make sure our products and services meet their needs and that we equip agents with the tools to provide personalized and efficient service. One recent example is Business Auto 2.0, Erie's newly refreshed and enhanced Business Auto product currently being piloted in Indiana. It includes several new options and features, all conceived and developed based on agent feedback. It aims at helping agents meet the unique needs of their business customers, including enhanced quoting and processing experience and the ability to have vehicles for multiple states on one policy. A refreshed rating plan with new pricing factors also helps ensure competitive pricing for the most favorable risks and that all business is priced appropriately and sustainably. Agents piloting the new offering have been sharing valuable feedback, which has already led to several design enhancements. Continued interaction with our pilot agents through year-end will help us determine any additional adjustments needed before expanding the rollout into other states in early 2025. We also successfully launched a 10-state rollout of a new capability that can automatically enroll customers in our online account platform at the point of sale. Online account enhances customers' ability to access information, pay bills and track claims, increasing efficiencies and allowing our call center staff and agents to spend more time on more complex and meaningful interactions. This new capability is helping to increase adoption of this important tool and will also help us to better leverage customer data. Enhancements like these are part of a broader strategy to modernize our platforms, programs and data capabilities. Additional migrations of legacy platforms to the cloud and other digital capability improvements have been made over the past quarter and are ongoing. At Erie, we've always believed that our commitment to service extends not just to our customers, but also to the communities within our footprint. In August, Erie Insurance donated $450,000 in grants to nine non-profits through the company's Investing in Our Future educational brand initiative. The program is aimed at strengthening the connection between academic programming and out-of-school time activities with the goal of eliminating poverty through education. Since the grant program was launched in 2021, more than $1.7 million in grants have been awarded by Erie Insurance for education non-profits in and around our home city of Erie, Pennsylvania. This is in addition to more than $10 million donated to educational causes over the years to Pennsylvania's Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program. I'm also pleased to share two recent workplace accolades. First, Erie Insurance was named to the Forbes list of America's Best-in-State Employers for 2024 for the fifth straight year. Erie is ranked among the top 20 out of 100 employers in Pennsylvania that made the list. Erie Insurance was also awarded with four 2024 Diversity Impact Awards from the Global ERG, the world's largest network of employee resource groups, business resource groups and diversity councils. Our African American, Pride Alliance, Veterans and Women's Affinity Networks were recognized for being champions and diversity, equity and inclusion in our organization. As I close on our call for the third quarter, I'd like to share my appreciation for our employees and independent agents who uphold our Above all in Service promise every day and under any circumstance. Thank you also to our shareholders for your trust and support. Thanks to all of you for your interest in Erie.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call is pre-recorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Invest Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our second quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the investment relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause this differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC filed yesterday and in the related press release. This pre-recorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. And thanks to all of you for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the second quarter of 2024. As we reach the halfway point of our 99th year in business, I'm excited to share that we also reached a significant milestone for Erie insurance exchange, 7 million policies in force. Our last milestone was 6 million policies in force was reached in 2021, and adding 1 million policies to our book of business in just three years is no small feat. To give you a sense of scale, it took our company more than 60-years to reach our first million, and just 3, to get from 6 million to 7 million. So this recent milestone is no doubt a testament to our hardworking agency force and dedicated sales and underwriting teams. Our impressive growth and customer retention, which stands at just over 91% for personal and commercial lines combined, underscore the strong value proposition we offer. Putting service above all else is always our top priority and customers notice. That's why we hold true to the principles that have shaped our success for almost 100-years, while continuously adapting for what's ahead. I'm also pleased to share that Erie ranked number 376 on the 2024 Fortune 500 list of largest American Corporations. We moved up 38 spots from last year's ranking of 414. The 2024 list marks our 21st year in the Fortune 500, alongside some of the most well-known and successful companies in the country. Here to share some insights into our financial performance for the second quarter is Chief Financial Officer Julie Pelkowski. Julie?
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Erie Insurance Exchange, the insurance operations we manage continue to experience strong growth in the second quarter of 2024, driven by steady new policy growth and solid retention, as Tim just mentioned. In addition, incremental improvements continue to be realized from our more significant rate increases. These increases have had the most impact when addressing our profitability challenge. With these efforts, the exchanges direct written premiums grew 20% in the second quarter of 2024, compared to the second quarter of 2023 with year-to-date growth through June 2024 at that similar 20% level. From a seasonality perspective, we generally see higher weather losses in the first-half of the year. We saw this trend hold true as the exchanges combined ratio was 115.9 in the second quarter of 2024, compared to 118.9 in the second quarter of 2023, with catastrophic weather events contributing 16.2 points and 16.9 points in those same respective periods. Worth noting is the more significant improvement in our year-to-date combined ratio of 111.1 in 2024, compared to 120.8 in the first six months of 2023. In these first six months, catastrophic weather events contributed 12.7 points versus 15.7 points in the same period of 2023. We did experience an improvement in our non-catastrophe loss ratio in the first six months of 2024, compared to 2023 of 72.2 points versus 73.8 points respectively. Additionally, in 2023, higher severity drove adverse development on prior accident years, increasing the combined ratio by 2.9 points. In 2024, moderating severity trends resulted in favorable development on prior accident years, improving the combined ratio by 2 points. In summary, our rate increases are having the desired impact, and with lower weather events and moderating severity in the first-half of 2024, we have seen a profitability improvement, compared to the same period in 2023. Our policyholder surplus dropped slightly from $9.5 billion in March 2024, although we maintained a strong surplus position consistent with our December 2023 level of $9.3 billion as of June 2024. Shifting to the results for indemnity, net income was $164 million or $3.13 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2024, compared to $118 million or $2.25 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2023. Year-to-date Indemnity net income was $289 million or $5.52 per diluted share, compared to $204 million or $3.90 per diluted share at this time last year. Operating income increased in the second quarter nearly 42% to over $190 million, compared to the second quarter of 2023, bringing our year-to-date 2024 operating income to $329 million, which was an increase of almost 35%, compared to the first-half of 2023. The main driver of these increases continues to be higher management fee revenue, resulting from the exchange's significant direct written premium growth. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased 20.1% to nearly $761 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared to the second quarter of 2023, and nearly 20% to $1.4 billion in the first-half of the year, compared to this time last year. Total cost of operations from policy insurance and renewal services increased $73 million or 14% for the second quarter of 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The first-half of 2024 saw an increase of $154 million or 16%, when compared with the first-half of 2023. Commission expenses continue to be the largest driver, increasing almost $69 million or roughly 20%, compared to the second quarter of 2023 and nearly $136 million or almost 21% in the first-half of 2024, compared to the same respective period of 2023, again related to the substantial growth in the direct written premiums of the exchange. Non-commission expenses for the second quarter grew just over $4 million or 2.4%. This was driven mainly by production costs, such as underwriting reports and customer service costs, partially offset by lower information and technology spend, compared to the second quarter of 2023. Year-to-date 2024 non-commission expenses increased just over $18 million or almost 6%, compared to the first-half of 2023. This was driven by underwriting and policy processing expenses, as well as administrative and sales and advertising expenses. Technology spend was lower in the first-half of 2024, compared to 2023, partially offsetting these increases due to higher capitalized labor in 2024. Income from investments totaled almost $14 million, compared to earnings of nearly $12 million in the second quarter of 2023. Net investment income was just over $16 million in the second quarter, compared to almost $14 million in the same period last year. Total investment income in the first-half of 2024 was $29 million, compared to $7 million in the first-half of 2023. Net investment income for the first-half of 2024 drove most of this improvement, contributing $32 million, compared to $16 million last year, mainly due to a loss generated from limited partnerships in 2023 of almost $11 million. Additionally, we generated net realized gains in 2024, while in 2023 we experienced net realized losses. As always, we take a measured approach to capital management and we maintain a strong balance sheet. And for the first six months of 2024, our financial performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders over $118 million in dividends. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Julie. Earlier in the call, I talked about our long-standing commitment to being above all the service. That means treating customers with care and compassion and handling their needs quickly and effectively. It also means giving them the ability to interact with us in the ways they prefer. To do that, we need to equip our agents with the tools, resources, and capabilities to ensure customers have a positive experience. Much of the work we've been doing over the first six months of 2024 has been focused on just that. We've made several enhancements for our customer and agent-facing platforms, and have made significant progress in our technology modernization journey. One example of an enhancement is the added ability for agents to set up car rentals for policyholders during the first notice of loss process. Now, customers don't need to make a separate call to secure a rental and streamline the process for our agents and first owners of loss teams. Since rolling out to all states in June, agents have set up nearly 2,000 rentals and they rated the ease of effort to do so at 9 out of 10. We also continue to modernize our legacy technology platforms, having successfully migrated four additional applications to the cloud in the first-half of the year. In addition, we recently decommissioned an outdated platform for data disaster recovery and moved to a new environment. This has resulted in notable improvements in replication and recovery times and reduced costs. Much more work is ongoing in our efforts to migrate to more modern platforms, reduce expenses and continuously improve the experience and satisfaction of our customers and agents. At the same time, we're looking at leveraging the emerging technologies and capabilities related to artificial intelligence. We've recently established an AI center of excellence dedicated to exploring potential AI use cases across the enterprise, targeting implementation where appropriate based on our business and operational strategies. More than 20 use cases are currently being explored, with many more in the queue. We know AI has a lot of potential benefits, particularly in improving efficiencies and reducing expenses. But we are taking a measured approach to ensure we're harnessing the power of AI responsibly and in the best interest of Erie and our stakeholders. And most importantly, to use it in a way that enhances our ability to provide a human touch rather than to replace it. Investing in technology is critical to our future. We also understand that investing in our communities is important. In April, Erie Insurance awarded 24 grants, totaling nearly $900,000 for non-profits to help provide and expand educational programs to school-age children as part of Pennsylvania's Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program. In June, we announced a $1 million gift to the United Way of Erie County to help launch the organization's community schools model at Erie High School. With this funding from Erie and other community partners, United Way will hire community school directors for Erie High School and provide inside the school support that includes health, mental health, vision, and dental care, clothing and personal hygiene items, and expanded learning and enrichment programs. I'm also pleased to share that through our charity challenge golf events in Erie and Allentown, Pennsylvania, We've now raised more than $2 million for non-profits in those communities since 2010. This year's tournaments alone raised nearly $200,000 for 40 charities in the Erie and Allentown areas. As I close out our call for the second quarter, I'd like to thank our employees and agents for their tireless dedication to Erie and our commitment to being above all in service. I'm confident in our strength and stability amid continued external pressures, and I'm proud of the massive amount of work that's underway to move us into the future. Thank you, as always, to our shareholders for your trust and support. And thanks to all of you for your interest in Erie.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.
Operator:

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz. 
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our first quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. 
 Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. 
 For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC filed yesterday and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. 
 With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks. Tim? 
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for your interest in Erie's performance for the first quarter of 2024. Last week, on April 20, we marked the 99th anniversary of our company's founding. Now on April 23, and we held our annual medium shareholders in person in the Thomas B. Hagen Building. At that meeting, I reflected on a remarkable journey Erie Insurance has been on for nearly a century. Two young men, H.O. Hirt and O.G. Crawford, opened the doors to the Erie Insurance in 1925 and brought in less than $30,000 in net premiums after the first year. 
 Today, Erie's business has grown more than $10 billion in premium and almost 7 million policies in force, covering 12 states plus the District of Columbia with more than 6,500 employees and more than 14,000 independent agents. I'm humbled and proud to be leading the company, and I'm confident in our position in the industry and our financial stability as we enter our 100th year of business. 
 I'll share some first quarter updates on our business and workplace in a few minutes. But first, let's look at our financials. In our last call, we reported that weather-related claims were up significantly in 2023, which had a negative impact on our combined ratio. So far this year, we're starting to see a turnaround and our ratio is headed in the right direction. 
 I'll now turn it over to Julie to discuss our financial results in greater detail. Julie? 
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. In 2023, we talked about our proactive approach to addressing the profitability challenge experienced by the Exchange, and that the most significant impact would come as a result of the higher rate increases that were taken. We anticipated a larger impact from these rate increases in 2024, given the fact that we have 12-month policies. 
 Continued incremental improvement from rate increases, coupled with weather events that were lower in severity compared to the first quarter of last year, drove an improvement in profitability in the first quarter of 2024. Our combined ratio in the first quarter was 106% compared to 122.7% in the first quarter of 2023. Weather events contributed to 9 points to the combined ratio in the first quarter of 2024 versus 12.6 points in the same period last year. 
 The rate increases continue to contribute to significant growth for the Exchange as well. During the first quarter, direct and assumed written premium of the Exchange increased 19%. Strong new growth continues with new business premium growing 32.4% compared to the same period last year. Total policies in force grew 7.1%. We also maintained a solid policy retention ratio of 91.2%. The continued strong premium growth along with high retention and a more favorable combined ratio resulted in the policyholder surplus of the Exchange growing $180 million in the quarter to $9.5 billion as of March 31, 2024. 
 Shifting to the results for Indemnity. Net income was $125 million or $2.38 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2024 and compared to $86 million or $1.65 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2023. Operating income in the first quarter increased over 25% to almost $139 million compared to the first quarter of 2023. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased 19.3% to just over $665 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to the first quarter of 2023, in line with the increase in the direct and assumed written premiums of the Exchange. 
 The total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased $81 million or 17.3% for the first quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The most significant portion of our expenses are commissions, grew $67 million for the first quarter, driven by the increase in direct and affiliated assumed written premiums of the Exchange. 
 Non-commission expenses for the first quarter grew just over $14 million, driven primarily by increased personnel costs and agent-related costs. The significant growth in the Exchange's premium drove increases in our production support cost as well, such as underwriting and policy processing.  Technology investments continue, although overall technology costs were lower as more development costs were capitalized in the first quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Income from investments totaled $15 million compared to a loss of nearly $5 million in the first quarter of 2023. Net investment income was nearly $16 million in the first quarter compared to just $2 million in the same period of last year due to increased limited partnership earnings and higher bond income. 
 As always, we take a measured approach to capital management, and we maintain a strong balance sheet. And for the first 3 months of 2024, our financial performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders over $59 million in dividends. 
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim? 
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Julie. As I've mentioned in previous calls, migrating our legacy technology platforms has been a top priority for us,, and it continues to be in 2024. I'm pleased to share that we successfully modernized more than 1/3 of the legacy applications we've had in place, and we're also working to sunset those older systems as appropriate. This work is tied directly to another key priority, expense management. Upgrades and newer platforms can eliminate many of the inefficiencies and delays created by the older systems. 
 One example of a process that's recently been tightened thanks to modernization is with the best review method of inspection for claims. Best review process often resulted in long cycle times for customers, agents and employees due to a lack of data integration, causing delays or pinning estimates. Now agents and customers can use the Photo Appraisal tool and list an established Direct Repair Program or DRP shops within their online account to determine the appropriate method of inspection during their auto claims. This results in faster claims times, often cutting days out of the process. 
 The pace of change is a topic that both challenges and energizes us, whether we're talking about platforms, processes, products or on people. If you regularly tune into our earnings calls, you may recall that last year, we announced a new approach, we'd be taking to our hybrid workforce starting in 2024. Hybrid employees who make up roughly 60% of our workforce now have a bank of 52 remote workdays to use each year when they choose. Since beginning this new approach in January, we're pleased with how it's helping to create greater vibrancy in our offices and collaboration across teams. 
 We continue to learn and make changes to further improve the in-office experience for employees, including new conference room technology and facility improvements and to support our sustainability efforts, we're installing energy costs across our home office campus to track and share the performance of each building, including electricity, natural gas and water consumption. Employees will be able to see how Erie compares to other commercial buildings with similar usage and size, helping us stay accountable for our energy use and keeping in top of mind for our workforce. 
 Sustainability is one aspect of our commitment to being a good corporate citizen. We also continue to invest in the communities where we do business, helping us to build trust and relationships and reinforce our commitment to service. Recently, we announced 24 grants totaling close to $1 million for education-focused nonprofits as part of Pennsylvania's education improvement tax credit program. The ramp will help nonprofits offer and expand educational programs to prekindergarten to 12th-grade students, in particular, low income underserved and minority students in Northwest Pennsylvania. Erie has donated more than $11 million through the EITC program since it began in 2001. 
 And in support of revitalization work underway in our hometown in Erie, Pennsylvania, Erie Insurance recently provided a $1 million loan with plans to provide an additional support in the future for a project that will transform from Erie's tallest building, the Renaissance Center at Penton State. Funds will help with plans to renovate this downtown landmark into an upscale hotel with space for restaurants, offices and public gatherings. 
 This is an exciting project for Erie and complements the other work and investments underway downtown that we've also supported. It's all aimed at creating a vibrant community to work and live so we can continue to attract and retain diverse and high-quality talent that will position us for success in our next century. 
 I feel a great sense of pride for where we are today. We're poised to move into our next century with a strong employee and agency force and impressive book of business and robust and contemporary technology platforms and prepared to weather continued challenges through thoughtful and proactive planning and we're devoted to keeping our long-standing principles live in ways that will continue to set us apart in the future. 
 As always, I'd like to thank you for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, Id like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our fourth quarter and year-end results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC filed yesterday and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, well move on to Tims remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for taking time to learn more about Eries fourth quarter and year-end results for 2023. Were probably moving closer to celebrating a century of service, and were doing so as a company with $10 billion in a premium, a milestone reached in the fourth quarter of 2023. This came in a year of both record-setting growth and significant challenges. We saw net income for Erie Indemnity Company reached an all-time high of more than $446 million, and growth for Erie Insurance Exchange hit a 20-year high of 17%, helping us hit that $10 billion mark and moving us towards 7 million policies in force. With all that said, weve certainly been feeling the negative effects of the economic and environmental pressures that continue to impact our industry. Weather-related claims rose to nearly 70,000 in 2023, compared to roughly 50,000 in 2022. Even with the typical decline in weather-related claims in the second half of the year and overall claim severity leveling out, we ended the year with a combined ratio of 119.1%, 3 points higher than year-end 2022. Weve responded to the tough market conditions through rate increases, and were also reinforcing our focus on underwriting standards and partnering with our independent agents on individualized profitability action plans where appropriate. This multi-pronged approach is aimed at improving the combined ratio over time. In addition, weve placed greater emphasis on managing expenses across the enterprise and expect to see long-term savings through our work to modernize legacy technology platforms and to introduce new digital capabilities. Ill share an update on recent progress with those modernization efforts in a few minutes, but first, Id like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Julie Pelkowski, who will provide a deeper review of our financials. Julie?
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Throughout 2023, weve discussed how weather events and severity were the primary drivers of the profitability challenge for the Exchange. As Tim mentioned, weve taken action on several fronts aimed at improving profitability. We are starting to see the benefits of the more significant rate increases taken recently with more to come. As a reminder, our policies span 12 months, unlike most of our competitors, so it takes longer to realize the benefits. We havent yet seen a slowdown in new business growth, and our retention levels remain strong at 91.2%, despite these rate increases. Policyholder surplus ended at $9.3 billion at December 2023. While this was lower than where we started the year, we did see a positive turn in the fourth quarter with surplus increasing $203 million. Again, the combined ratio for the year ended at 119.1%, which was an improvement from September year-to-date, given the fourth quarter experienced a lower level of weather events and more moderate severity growth. Turning to the results for Indemnity, net income was almost $111 million, or $2.12 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to $65.5 million, or $1.25 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2022. 2023 total year net income was just over $446 million, or $8.53 per diluted share, compared to $299 million, or $5.71 per diluted share in 2022. Operating income in the fourth quarter increased nearly $46 million, or 56.1%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. For the total year, Indemnity experienced an increase in operating income of $144 million, or 38.3%, compared to 2022. Both periods saw revenue growth outpaced expense growth. From a revenue perspective, management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased over $98 million, or 19.5%, in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, and over $354 million, or 17%, for the total year compared to 2022. These increases in both the fourth quarter and total year were in line with the respective increases in the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange. The main driver of the premium increase was that the exchange was continuing to experience substantial growth in new business premium, which grew over 43% in the fourth quarter, and almost 38% for the year, compared to the same respective prior year period. From an expense perspective, the total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased just over $54 million, or 12.2%, for the fourth quarter, and almost $216 million, or 12%, for the total year 2023, compared to the same period in 2022. Our most significant cost of operations, our commission expenses, grew $53 million for the fourth quarter, while the total year commission expenses increased $169 million. The higher commissions in both periods were driven by the increase in direct and affiliated assumed written premiums of the Exchange. Non-commission expenses for the fourth quarter grew $1 million, while the total year non-commission expenses grew $47 million. The fourth quarter increase was driven by additional investments in both technology of $3 million and customer service of nearly $1 million, offset by lower sales and advertising costs of over $2 million. Tim will provide greater detail on our technology and customer service deliveries in a couple of minutes. The increase in total year non-commission expenses was due to additional investments in technology of almost $19 million, and higher administrative and other expenses of $20 million, driven by higher personnel costs. Also the growth in number of policies led to an increase in underwriting and policy processing costs of $9.4 million. Our investments generated almost $10 million in pre-tax income in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to $300,000 in the fourth quarter of 2022. For the total year 2023, pre-tax income from investments was $29 million compared to $600,000 for 2022. Finally, in 2023, we paid our shareholders $222 million in dividends. Also, in December of last year, our Board approved a 7.1% increase in the 2024 regular quarterly cash dividend for both our Class A and Class B shares. Now I will turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Julie. The rapid pace of technology and changing consumer behaviors have heightened the sense of urgency to modernize our platforms and introduce new digital capabilities. As I mentioned earlier, we know its important to long-term expense savings, and its critical to our ability to offer innovative and customer-centric products and services. Thats why we made modernization one of our top priorities in 2023. A notable example of progress is the migration of several legacy platforms to the cloud, a technology infrastructure that is more stable, secure, and efficient. The largest cloud conversion to date was our Erie Claim Center platform, which is now seeing a 75% reduction in system outage time and significantly reduced costs. In our third quarter call, I shared that we launched a pilot for a refreshed workers compensation platform, starting in Indiana. Since that time, our team has successfully rolled out the platform in every state in our footprint. The refresh introduces full policy servicing capabilities, online account for commercial customers, and a new billing platform that allows customers the ability to manage their automatic payments. Other significant progress was made in the enhancement to our Claims Status Portal, a valuable tool that puts important claims information at the fingertips of agents and customers. In 2023, more than 75 different enhancements were made to the platform to improve the user interface and to make the information provided by the tool more robust. Nearly 100% of auto claims handlers and more than 70% of property claims handlers are using the tool to share important updates with agents and customers, helping claims get handled faster and more efficiently. These modernization efforts are continuing in 2024 and beyond, and were embracing agile ways of working to help us work faster, improve our speed to market, and deliver the capabilities demanded by todays marketplace. That spirit of innovation is also behind the investments were making through Erie Strategic Ventures. This venture capital arm of Erie Indemnity Company, formed in 2022, focuses on investing in the personal and commercial insurance value chain. And recently, we announced three initial startup investments, Wagmo, which offers tech-enabled pet wellness and insurance; Roots Automation, which leverages artificial intelligence to automate manual and time-consuming insurance processes; and Trust & Will, an online estate planning platform. These initial investments are adjacencies that have the potential to deliver value to Erie, our agents, and policyholders. In addition to capital, the startup companies also benefit from Eries industry expertise. We look forward to continuing to build our portfolio to support more visionary entrepreneurs and help bring innovative products and services to the market. As I mentioned earlier in the call, weather claims have been up and significantly over the prior year, which makes accolades like those we recently received from J.D. Power even more meaningful. In December, J.D. Power ranked Erie the best in home insurance customer satisfaction, coming in at number one for both homeowners and renters insurance. Eries score of 856 on J.D. Powers 1,000-point scale was 37 points higher than the homeowners insurance segment average for 2023. And both our ranking and score improved during a year when the study cited overall homeowner satisfaction is flat compared to the previous year. This recognition comes on the heels of two other first-place rankings from J.D. Power in 2023, one for property claims experience and another for independent agent satisfaction and personal lines. I would like to express my gratitude to our agents and frontline employees from claims, first notice of loss, and customer care operations for continuing to be above all in service, even in and especially in these demanding times. Thank you all for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.
Q - :

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session row I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our third quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website erieinsurance.com.  Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated October 26, 2023 and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company.  With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Before we get into our financial results for the third quarter, I'd like to share some details around the recent announcement we made related to our approach to hybrid work. We began to return to on-site work last year, we acknowledge we would need to learn and adapt. We knew we'd likely evolve as we experiment with new ways of working following the pandemic. Now, after more than a year of working on a variety of hybrid arrangements, we've learned we need a more consistent approach to how and where we work. We believe it's important to increase the opportunities for employees to work together in person to collaborate and learn from one another. This helps us build stronger bonds with our colleagues and ultimately, stronger teams. We also know that in-person interaction is important to our business. For building the relationships vital to our business model and for upholding our service promise to customers and agents. At the same time, we recognize employees have come to value the flexibility hybrid arrangements offer. With all that considered, we landed on a balanced and innovative approach. It increases opportunities for in-person interactions while giving employees more choice over when they work remotely.  Starting in January, employees and hybrid roles will be given in a lot in the 52 days to work remotely each year. Employees will work on site in our offices on days that they are not using in a lot of remote day. This revised approach will help preserve distinct relationship aspects of our business and the vibrant Erie workplaces that support our collaboration, creativity and success.  And now let's turn to our financial performance for the third quarter of 2023. With respect to the Erie Insurance Exchange, inflation and weather-related events continue to adversely impact our combined ratio. Our year-to-date net combined ratio climbed from 120.8% through the first 2 quarters to 121.9% by the end of September. Positive investment income was not enough to offset underwriting losses resulting in a surplus decline of 6% since the second quarter.  However, we remain very strong financially with an overall surplus position of $9.1 billion. Like many other carriers, we've been taking rate increases to improve our profitability. These increases, along with an upsurge in customer shopping in response to rising industry rates have contributed to the 20-year high for growth in our direct written premium. That growth, which is over 16% year-to-date, is previously supported by strong retention of 91% for personal and commercial lines combined. With that, I'll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Julie Pelkowski, for a more detailed review of our financials.
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. As Tim mentioned, the third quarter was similar to the first 2 quarters of this year. We are still being impacted by weather-related events across our footprint, and we continue to experience an elevated combined ratio due to inflationary pressures. That said, I am pleased to share that during the third quarter, the A.M. Best rating agency once again affirmed our A+ Superior rating for financial strength.  Now let me get into the details at hand for the quarter. As I noted, weather challenges continued in the third quarter, somewhat unexpectedly. Typically, storm activity diminishes in the second half of the year, but our footprint experienced two significant wind events in the early part of the third quarter. Catastrophe losses in the quarter also increased due to adverse loss development associated with prior storms occurring earlier this year. Non-catastrophe property claim severity continued to grow in both personal and commercial lines albeit at a more moderate rate than 2022.  Personal auto severity increases of 6% in 2023 are about half the level they were in 2022, while commercial auto and homeowner severity increase remain about 10%. To combat the increase in the combined ratio, we continue to take rate increases tightened underwriting guidelines and implement strategic agency management practices. Keep in mind that our policies span 12 months, and we will see a much more significant benefit next year from those increases as they are realized. Even with these rate increases, we are still maintaining high levels of retention, which is complementing our new business growth. For the year, we've increased new business premium more than 36% and total premium more than 16%.  With respect to the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the third quarter was 17.6%, driven by substantial growth in new business premium, which grew almost 40% over the prior year. With a net combined ratio for the quarter of 124%, the Exchange's policyholder surplus decreased to $9.1 billion, down nearly $1 billion from December 31.  Now shifting to Indemnity. In the third quarter, Indemnity generated net income of $131 million or $2.51 per diluted share compared to $84 million or $1.61 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2022. For the first 9 months of 2023, net income was $335 million or $6.41 per diluted share, compared to $233 million or $4.46 per diluted share for the same period in 2022. Operating income increased 39% or $42 million in the third quarter of 2023, compared to the third quarter of 2022. Indemnity also saw an increase in operating income of 33% or $98 million for the first 9 months of this year, compared to the first 9 months of 2022.  Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $97 million or 17.7% in the third quarter of 2023, compared to the third quarter of 2022. For the first 9 months of 2023, Indemnity saw an increase of $256 million or 16.2% compared to the same period of 2022. The Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services increased $1.5 million in the third quarter and $3.5 million in the first 9 months of 2023, compared to the same period in 2022.  Turning to Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services, commissions increased $45 million in the third quarter and $116 million in the first 9 months of 2023, compared to the same periods in 2022. The increases in agent compensation in both periods were driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed written premium, partially offset by a decrease in agent incentive compensation. Non-commission expenses increased nearly $13 million in the third quarter of 2023, compared to 2022 and underwriting and policy processing expenses increased almost $3 million, primarily related to increased underwriting report costs. Information technology costs increased by almost $1 million, driven by increased professional fees. Also, administrative and other expenses increased just under $10 million in the third quarter of 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, driven by increases in personnel costs and professional fees.  For the first 9 months of 2023, Indemnity saw an increase in non-commission expenses of nearly $48 million. Expenses were primarily driven by increases in technology investments of almost $16 million, including professional fees, hardware, software and personnel costs. Underwriting and policy processing expenses increased just over $9 million due to increased reporting, personnel and postage costs. Administrative and other costs increased over $20 million due to an increase in personnel costs.  Overall, personnel costs were impacted by increased compensation, including higher estimated costs for incentive plan awards. This was partially offset by lower pension costs compared to 2022, due to an increase in the discount rate. The increases in incentive plan costs were driven by improved, direct written premiums and policies in force growth and a higher company stock price at September 30, 2023, compared to September 30, 2022. Investment income before taxes totaled just over $12 million in the third quarter compared to a loss from investments before taxes of nearly $1 million in the same period of 2022.  For the first 9 months of 2023, we recorded investment income before taxes of $19.2 million compared to $300,000 in the first 9 months of 2022. As always, we take a very measured approach to our capital management, and we maintain a strong balance sheet. For the first 9 months of 2023, our financial performance enabled us to pay our shareholders over $166 million in dividends. Thank you again for your time today.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Julie. As we head into the last part of the year, we continue to make progress in our journey to modernize our legacy platforms and enhance our digital capabilities. In September, we launched a pilot for our refreshed workers' compensation platform. The refresh introduces full policy servicing capabilities on our float application and service platform, the introduction of online accounts for our commercial customers and a new billing platform that allows customers to manage their account. The enhanced platform is being piloted in Indiana, who plans to roll it out in additional states before the end of this year. We're also seeing positive impacts of some of the digital enhancements made earlier in the year. Our agents ask for more capabilities to connect with customers through our online account platform. Now, thanks to updates made to our claims staff as a portal earlier in the year, customers and agents have important claim status information at their fingertips along with many other options, including online auto ID cards and paperless invoicing. In our third quarter, we've seen customer engagement and claim status grew by 8% compared to last year at this time. We believe this consistent growth will continue into 2024.  Before we close, I'd like to make note of several recent accolades for our business and our workplace. Forbes has recognized Erie, on its 2024 list of America's best insurance companies. Of the 84 companies on the list, Erie was 1 of only 5 to make a rankings in all 5 categories. Erie was ranked first in Permanent Life, 5th in Term Life, 6th in Auto, 7th in Renters and 8th in Homeowners. Erie was also recently named to Newsweek's list of America's Best Customer Service 2024, in the categories of homeowners and life insurance. These rankings were based on customers' likelihood to recommend, as well as criteria like customer focus, quality of communication, professional competence, range of services and accessibility.  Investor's Business Daily has listed in Erie on its 2023 most trusted financial companies list. The list is based on a survey that asks consumers to rate their financial service providers on attributes they said are most important to them. Erie ranked #2 in both auto and home insurance and 13th overall. On the workplace side, 3 of our employee Affinity Networks earned 2023 Diversity impact awards from the Global Employee Resource Group network.  This is the world's largest network of employee resource groups, business resource groups and diversity councils dedicated to making measurable progress on diversity, equity and inclusion. Fred Johnson, Vice President of the Wisconsin branch and executive sponsor of Erie's African-American affinity network was also one of six recipients of the network's Diversity impact Executive Sponsor of the award for a third straight year.  Finally, our future focus internship program has been named to the rising insurance Star executive list of the industry's 50 best internship programs for the third consecutive year. The future focus program has helped launch the careers with hundreds of current Erie employees who started these interns and it continues to serve as an important talent pipeline. This past summer, more than 100 interns from 50 different colleges and universities worked in departments across the company.  As always, thank you again for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
Q - :

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for a recorded discussion about our second quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Julie Pelkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated July 27, 2023, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for your interest in Erie's performance for the second quarter of 2023. The executive team and I have spent a lot of time over the past few months connecting with our various stakeholders, with agents at our annual branch meetings across our footprint and at our combined agency taskforce meeting here in Erie, with employees at our open door, leader forum and claims recognition meetings and with investors at our annual meeting with shareholders held in April. A frequent topic of discussion at these recent gatherings has been the challenges the industry continues to face. Inflation, supply chain issues and an increase in severe weather are among the most pressing, and we're certainly feeling the effects of them so far in 2023. That's reflected in our combined ratio, which now stands at 120.8% compared to 113.7% for the first half of 2022. Both personal and commercial lines continue to experience an increase in severity for property, auto and uninsured and underinsured motorist claims, although costs are growing at a more moderate pace than in the prior year. Year-to-date, personal auto claims severity is up 6% compared to last year and 21% since 2021. Weather and catastrophe losses are also on the rise. Hail, wind and tornadoes have been battering areas across our footprint in the first half of the year. Through June of 2023, catastrophe event claim counts were up nearly 70% compared to 2022, and catastrophe claims contributed 16% of the combined ratio at the end of the second quarter compared to 10% in 2022. While many of the external factors impacting the combined ratio are out of our control, we're taking actions within our control to bring it down to more favorable levels. Chief Financial Officer, Julie Pelkowski, will be talking more about some of those strategies in just a few minutes. And despite the factors impacting our combined ratio, our overall performance picture is strong, especially in our growth and retention numbers. Overall, policies in force are up 5.2% with personal lines reaching its highest growth in 20 years at 5.5%. Retention is also strong at 90.8% for personal and commercial lines combined, with retention for personal auto, which stands at 92.3%, approaching an all-time high. This impressive growth and the loyalty demonstrated by our policyholders is a testament to the strong value proposition we offer. Our recent ranking on the Fortune 500 list for the 20th consecutive year, this year at number 414 is yet another. All said, we are confident in our overall financial stability as we continue to navigate the challenges of today's world. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Julie Pelkowski to offer a closer look at our financials. This is Julie's first earnings call since taking the reins as Erie's Chief Financial Officer in May. Welcome, Julie.
Julie Pelkowski: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Over the course of my 25-year career with Erie, I have had the pleasure of working across several different disciplines that have prepared me for the role of CFO, and I'm delighted to be with you this morning to share our second quarter results. As Tim mentioned, our business experienced an unusually early and severe start to the storm season, and we continue to feel the pressure of the inflationary conditions that are contributing to higher loss severities. These two factors are the primary drivers of the increase in our combined ratio in the Exchange. While we are prioritizing efforts to improve the Exchange's profitability, the Exchange generated substantial growth in the second quarter of 2023. This quarter marks the first time in our history that we've written over $1 billion of direct written premium in a single quarter. This strong production growth drove the increase in the amount of management fee revenue for the Indemnity Company, which you'll see as we review our second quarter 2023 results. Starting with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the second quarter was 16.3%, driven by substantial growth in new business premium, which climbed almost 32.6% over the prior year. With a combined ratio for the quarter of 118.9%, the Exchange's policyholder surplus decreased to $9.7 billion, down $400 million from December 31st. The primary focus of our strategy to address the elevated combined ratio is taking rate increases to more appropriately match the level of losses we're experiencing in the current environment. This has resulted in us taking double-digit rate increases and also evaluating our rating needs more frequently. Of course, we monitor our competitive position and the rate increases we are taking are in line with the industry. We also stay focused on our underwriting and agency management discipline and have identified certain initiatives targeted towards improving profitability. These strategies, along with several others, will allow us to continue driving down our overall combined ratio. Now shifting to Indemnity. In the second quarter, Indemnity generated net income of $118 million, or $2.25 per diluted share, compared to $80 million, or $1.53 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2022. For the first half of 2023, net income was $204 million, or $3.90 per diluted share, an increase compared to the first half of 2022 net income of $149 million, or $2.84 per diluted share. Operating income increased 29%, or $30 million, in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the second quarter of 2022. Indemnity also saw an increase in operating income of 29.9% or $56 million for the first half of this year compared to the first half of last year. Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $89 million or 16.3% in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the second quarter of 2022. For the first six months of 2023, Indemnity saw an increase of $159 million, or 15.4%, compared to the first half of 2022. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services increased just over $1 million in the second quarter and $2 million in the first six months of 2023 compared to the same periods in 2022. Turning to Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services, commissions increased $44 million in the second quarter and $71 million in the first half of 2023 compared to the same periods in 2022. The increases in agent compensation in both periods were driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed written premium, partially offset by a decrease in agent incentive compensation. Non-commission expenses increased $16.1 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared to 2022. Underwriting and policy processing expense increased $3.7 million, primarily related to the increased production growth. Information technology costs increased by $3.3 million, driven by increased personnel costs and professional fees. Also, administrative and other expenses increased $7.7 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, driven by increases in personnel costs, partially offset by a decrease in professional fees. For the first six months of 2023, Indemnity saw an increase in non-commission expenses of $33 million, primarily driven by increases in technology costs of $14.8 million and administrative and other costs of $10.6 million. The increased technology costs were driven by higher professional fees, personnel costs and hardware and software costs. Administrative and other costs increased $10.6 million, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, partially offset by a decrease in professional fees. Overall, personnel costs were impacted by increased compensation, including higher estimated costs for incentive plan awards, partially offset by lower pension costs compared to 2022. Investment income before taxes totaled $12 million in the second quarter compared to a loss from investments before taxes of $2 million in the same period of 2022. For the first six months of 2023, we recorded investment income before taxes of $7 million compared to $1 million in the first six months of 2022. While we recognized limited partnership losses in the first six months of 2023, these losses were offset by both higher bond net investment income and lower realized and unrealized losses on equity securities, which drove the improvement over the same period of 2022. I will remind you that the limited partnership asset class is in runoff, and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future. As always, we take a very measured approach to our capital management and we maintain a strong balance sheet. For the first six months of 2023, our financial performance enabled us to pay our shareholders over $110.8 million in dividends. Thank you again for your time today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Julie. Another major topic of discussion recently has been our focus on modernization. As I've mentioned in previous calls, transitioning out of legacy platforms and investing in greater digital capabilities are among our highest priorities in 2023. Recent updates to our claim status platform provide more robust claims information to agents, employees and customers on a more intuitive platform. And another claims platform, Erie Claim Center was recently migrated to the cloud. This was our largest migration to date with several more planned as part of Erie's overall cloud transformation initiative. We expect these innovative efforts to increase speed and productivity across the enterprise. Another key modernization effort is tied to our upcoming refresh of workers' compensation, which will introduce full policy servicing capabilities on our quote application and service platform, a new billing platform that allows for enhanced pay as you go functionality, and the introduction of online accounts for our commercial customers. We also continue to make enhancements to our mobile app and online account platform. Most recently, we introduced self-service functionality for roadside assistance with a mobile app through Agero. Several other modernization efforts are also underway. All aimed at helping us to increase efficiency, reduce expenses and to better serve our customers and agents. You can expect to hear more updates on this work in future earnings calls. Yet another challenge almost all industries have been facing recently has been the tight labor market and the war for talent. We're pleased to share that the challenges in attracting and retaining talent we experienced in 2021 and 2022 have leveled out. In our claims division where we experienced some of the biggest talent challenges, all open positions have been filled, and we've developed an advanced staffing capacity tool that enables us to identify and respond to staffing needs in real time. In this tough labor market, workplace accolades are particularly important, so we're excited to have recently earned a Great Place to Work certification from the Great Place to Work Institute. This recognition is based on the results of an engagement survey sent to all Erie employees in June. Four out of five Erie employees completed the survey and 86% of those employees said Erie is a great place to work. This compares to just over half or 57% of employees at typical U.S. based companies and 91% for the benchmark set by Fortune 100's Best Places to Work. We're proud of our long-standing reputation as an employer who places a great deal of importance on our workforce, culture and treats employees like family. This recognition as a certified Great Place to Work affirms that commitment. We're also proud to have recently earned a global distinction as one of only four U.S. based insurers named to all three of Forbes World's Best Insurance Companies list for 2023. Forbes ranked the best insurance companies in three areas: homeowners, auto and life insurance. Erie Insurance ranked number five in the U.S. for auto, number seven in the U.S. for homeowners and number 11 in the U.S. for life. With that, I'd like to thank you all again for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
Q - :

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call was pre-recorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host of the call today, Vice President, Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz. Your line is open.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our first quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated April 27, 2023, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior risk consent of Erie Indemnity company. With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for your interest in Erie's performance for the first quarter of 2023. Last week on April 20, we marked the 98th anniversary of our company's founding. And a few days later, held our annual meeting with shareholders. For the first time in 3 years, we were able to hold this meeting in person, and we did so just a block from our home office, at the historic Warner Theater in Downtown Erie, Pennsylvania. Earlier this month, we also welcomed the final groups of employees returning to on-site work. This move marked the end of our pandemic-driven working arrangements, with the COVID-19 public health emergency set to expire in just a few weeks. We look forward to moving fully into a new mode of interaction and engagement as we embrace hybrid work as a model for the majority of our workforce. Pandemic pushed the breaks on many aspects of how we live and work, while at the same time, accelerating the pace of technology and change. Additional challenges like inflation, supply chain issues, and labor shortages emerge from the pandemic and have persisted even as COVID has slowed. Many of these challenges have had a direct impact on the unusually high combined ratio for Erie Insurance Exchange. We're continuing with a slate of intentional steps to reduce our combined ratio through a measured approach to rate increases, adherence to expense management and strict underwriting guidelines and agency profitability reviews. We're also placing a high priority on modernizing our legacy technology platforms and investing in digital capabilities that meet customer needs and expectations. I'll share more about that notable progress that's been made so far this year. But first, let's turn to our first quarter financials. Like the rest of the industry, our combined ratio continues to be impacted negatively by the inflationary environment. That was compounded in the first quarter by an increase in the severity of weather events. Cat losses from the poor weather events experienced in the first quarter added [indiscernible] points to the combined ratio and adverse development from [indiscernible], which relate in 2022 added another 4 points to the first quarter combined ratio [indiscernible] 122.7% compared to 104.6% for the first quarter of 2022. Tomatoes severe wins and flooding have battered Kentucky and Ohio, in particular, during the first few months of 2023. I'd like to extend my gratitude to our catastrophe claims and personal loss of loss teams as well as agents and staff working tirelessly to serve our policyholders affected by these unrelenting storms. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg to expand on our first quarter results. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2023 earnings call. Earlier, Tim mentioned that we held our 98th Annual Shareholder Meeting earlier this week. As you know, that meeting was my last serving as Chief Financial Officer, given my retirement effective April 30. Over my 37-year career, I have been afforded many wonderful opportunities and I am thankful for all the relationships I have cultivated during my tenure. With our prior 3 shareholder meetings being held virtually, it was wonderful to have everyone attend the live event in person and get a chance to spend time with our long-term shareholders. As I begin the next chapter in my life, Julie Pelkowski will be taking over as your company's newest CFO. Julie has had a distinguished career at Erie, first joining our internal audit department in 1998. In 2016, Julie was named Senior Vice President and Controller, and I look forward to seeing all the great success Erie will have under her leadership. Now I'd like to share with you the first quarter results for 2023. Beginning with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage. Direct written premium growth for the first quarter was 14.6%, driven by substantial growth in new business premium, which increased 36% over the prior year. With the combined ratio for the quarter of 122.7%, the Exchange's policyholder surplus decreased to $9.9 billion, down $200 million from December 31. Now shifting to Indemnity. In the first quarter, Indemnity generated net income of $86.2 million or $1.65 per diluted share compared to $68.6 million or $1.31 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2022. Operating income increased 31.1% or $26.2 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the first quarter of 2022. Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $70.1 million or 14.4% in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the first quarter of 2022. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services increased $900,000 in the first quarter. Turning to Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services. Commissions increased $27.7 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. The increases in agent compensation were driven by increases in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange, slightly offset by decreased agent compensation awards. Noncommission expense increased $17 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to 2022. Underwriting and policy processing expenses increased $2.7 million primarily due to increased personnel and underwriting report costs. Information technology costs increased by $11.5 million, driven by increased professional fees, hardware and software costs and personnel costs. Also, administrative and other expenses increased $2.9 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, driven by the increased personnel costs related to compensation and building occupancy costs, partially offset by a decrease in professional fees. Investment losses before taxes totaled $5 million in the first quarter. The results were primarily driven by equity and losses of limited partnerships of $10.8 million in the first quarter. I will remind you that the limited partnership asset classes and runoff, and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future. As always, we take a very measured approach to our capital management, and we maintain a strong balance sheet. And for the first 3 months of 2023, our financial performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders over $55 million in dividends. Thank you again for your time today. And now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. As I mentioned earlier, modernizing our legacy platforms and investing in greater digital capabilities are among our highest priorities in 2023. We're making significant progress in several areas, but perhaps the most visible our recent updates to our claim status platform. A series of Erie redesigns were introduced last year, all influenced by agent feedback, and pros portfolio teams have been working to develop additional updates launched and merged that provide more robust claims information to agents and customers on a more intuitive platform. As 1 of our agents recently said, the updates to claim status are moving the needle towards becoming a true concierge service for customers. These recent enhancements are just the beginning and 1 example of the investments we're making to further improve the experience of customers and agents. In our last call, I mentioned that our online account platform, which acts as a digital self-service tool for customers is now being used by more than 1 million households. This is an important milestone because the value of this 1 tool delivers. Online account gives customers the self-service features they want and expect and that allows our customer service team and agents to spend less time filling questions about topics like billing and more time on meaningful and valuable interactions with customers. The growth of online account also creates opportunities to increase efficiency and reduce waste and expenses. Earlier this month, a paperless option for policy documents was introduced. Now in addition to paperless billing, customers can choose to access policies on demand through the platform. With an average policy document of 15 pages and up to 97% of personal line policies being eligible for paperless, it's easy to see the potential these capabilities have to reduce our expenses and environmental impact. Also at the heart of these enhancements is our commitment to providing the best possible service to our customers. Our goal is to ensure everyone we serve has a positive experience no matter who they are or how they're engaging with us. These efforts continue to be affirmed through industry accolades on the heels of the first place ranking last fall by J.D. Power for Independent Agent Satisfaction among personal lines carriers. We were proud to be ranked highest in another important J.D. Power study for customer satisfaction in the 2023 U.S. property claims assessment released in February. Erie scored 38 points higher than the industry average and jumped 30 points over 2022. These accolades are not our only gauge of our success, but they do affirm that we're doing the right thing by our customers and agents. What's also notable about this particular recognition is that it comes at a time when our frontline teams are facing significant talent shortages. I'd like to commend our teams in claims, customer care operations and first ones of loss for their continued commitment to being above all in service. We were also proud to recently be named to the 2023 Best of the Best lists of insurance industry for the Black EOE Journal in Hispanic Network Magazine. And for more than 10 years in a row, Erie was recognized by the American Heart Association with a National Platinum level workforce well-being award for our commitment to employee health and wellness. These 3 recognitions are an affirmation of our continued efforts to be a great place to work for all. Before we close, I would like to wish the CFO, Greg Gutting, all the best in his upcoming retirement after an impressive 37-year career at Erie. He will certainly be missed by the company as Chief Financial Officer, and will personally be missed by many, including myself, as a valued colleague and friend. Greg is leaving us, however, in very capable hands. Julie Pelkowski will assume the CFO role on May 1, and will join me to share Erie's financial results on our second quarter call. Until then, thank you all again for your interest in Erie.
End of Q&A:

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-03-02 00:00:00) =====
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our fourth quarter and year-end results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, insurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC filed yesterday and in the related press release. 
 This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior risk consent of the Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks. Tim? 
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the fourth quarter of 2022 and our year-end results. As you're all aware, we find ourselves at a time of historic economic challenges. Inflation, supply chain issues and labor shortages to name just a few of the challenges have put substantial pressure on our bottom line, which we'll cover in more detail in a few minutes. 
 Fortunately, our perseverance through 98 years of stability is helping us adapt to and withstand the current financial climate. Our ability to adapt has also helped us transition to new ways of working over the past year. Throughout 2022, we returned employees and welcome new hires to our offices. 
 We also began resuming the in-person gatherings that have either been canceled or shifted to a virtual format for more than 2 years during the height of the pandemic. It's been a learning experience as we've introduced greater flexibility in how and where people collaborate and connect. 
 The majority of Erie employees are now working in a hybrid format, splitting their time between in-office and remote work. Many of our office spaces are now neighborhoods, a mixture of dedicated and flexible workspaces. And meeting rooms have been equipped with new technology that supports the experience of employees participating in both in person and virtually. 
 It's clear that the world of work has changed significantly over the past 3 years, and the competition for talent continues. That's why gathering employee feedback is critical to making sure we're handling these returns the right way. We'll continue to learn and adapt to these new ways of working to ensure Erie remains an employer of choice in today's tight talent market while maintaining the culture, traditions and relationships that are so important to us and distinctive to our service brand. 
 Before I share some additional updates from the past year, let's turn to our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. As I mentioned earlier, we are feeling the impact of the current economic climate, most notably in the combined ratio for Erie Insurance Exchange which was 116.1% for 2022 compared to 103.9% for 2021. 
 While we saw claims frequency remain slightly below pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter, we continue to see higher-than-usual severity. Auto repair costs are up 19.5% through December. The consumer price index was up 6.5% and more extreme weather events like hurricanes and owner storms are creating higher industry property losses. 
 Like the rest of the industry, we've responded to these economic challenges through rate increases, which we're doing with a measured approach along with expense management, adhering to our strict underwriting guidelines and agency profitability reviews. In this continued hard market, we know more customers will shop. While customers may be looking for a more attractive price they also demand a superior value proposition. 
 That's something that Erie offers, and we're pleased to see that reflected in our growth numbers. Our top line growth was strong this past year as premium growth climbed an impressive 9.2% and new business premium increased 14.5%. Overall, policies in force are up 3.6% and our retention rate remains strong at over 90% for personal and commercial lines combined. With that, I'll pass it to Greg for a deeper review of the financials. Greg? 
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. As Tim alluded to at the beginning of this discussion, the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, continues to see unprecedented loss costs related to claim severity driven by inflation. Because of this steep rise in claims cost, we have quickly adapted to become more agile, as in a way that still compels us to perform for our policyholders and agents. 
 We have taken a more diligent approach to underwriting, and we've also taken a deeper look into our policy rate structures. All of these efforts are putting us in a position to deliver improved financial results as we are already seeing top line growth. 
 The Exchange direct written premium growth for the fourth quarter was 12.1%, driven by an increase in the average premium per policy and increased policy retention. For the year, the Exchange saw an increase in direct written premiums of 9.2% compared to 2021. The increase was driven by strong new policy growth of 3.7% and an increase in new direct written premium of 14.5%, combined with increased policy retention. 
 Turning to the results for indemnity. Net income was over $65 million or $1.25 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $55 million or $1.05 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2021. We 2022 total year net income was $299 million or $5.71 per diluted share compared to $298 million or $5.69 per diluted share in 2021. Operating income in the fourth quarter increased nearly $20 million or 31.7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 From a total year perspective, Indemnity experienced an increase in operating income of $58 million or 18.3% compared to 2021. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased over $53 million or 11.8% in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, and almost $175 million or 9.1% for the total year compared to 2021. 
 The increases in both the fourth quarter and total year were driven by increases in the direct and assumed written premiums of the Exchange. The total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased $35 million for the fourth quarter and over $118 million for the total year 2022 compared to the same periods in 2021. 
 Commission expenses for the fourth quarter grew $16 million while the total year commission expense increased $71 million. Similar to the management fees, the increase in both the fourth quarter and total year were driven by an increase in the direct and affiliated assumed written premiums. 
 Turning to our noncommission expenses. For the fourth quarter, Indemnity saw an increase of over $19 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. The fourth quarter increase was driven by increases in underwriting and policy processing costs, information technology costs, sales and advertising costs and administrative and other costs. 
 For the total year 2022, noncommission expense grew by $47 million compared to 2021. Underwriting and policy processing costs increased $6 million, driven by personnel costs as well as underwriting report costs. Information technology costs grew $13 million due to increased hardware and software costs as well as personnel costs. 
 Sales and advertising costs increased $7 million due to increased advertising and agent-related costs. And finally, administrative and other expenses increased nearly $23 million driven by personnel costs related to compensation and increased professional fees. 
 Indemnity's fourth quarter pretax income from investments totaled $300,000. This represents a decrease of roughly $12 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease was driven by losses in limited partnership investments. 
 Indemnity's total year pretax income from investments with just over $600,000, a decrease of $67 million compared to 2021. The large decrease is attributable to losses in our limited partnership portfolio of $10 million recorded in 2022 compared to earnings unlimited partnerships of $32 million recorded in 2021. 
 Indemnity also incurred $27 million in realized and unrealized losses in 2022 compared to gains of $5 million recorded in 2021. I will remind you that the limited partnership asset classes and runoff, and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future. 
 Finally, in 2022, we paid our shareholders dividends in the amount of $207 million. Also in December of last year, our Board approved a 7.2% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend for both Class A and Class B shares for 2023. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim? 
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. Technology has not only become vital to how our workforce connects, but it's also an integral part of how we do business. This isn't new to us, but the speed and focus of technology has certainly been heightened over the past 3 years. 
 Erie's strategy in essence is to modernize our business model with greater digital capabilities while continue our investment in one of our most unique assets: our independent agency force. And because of the pace of technology, we're focused on acceleration and agility to get that strategic work done. This means working faster, working smarter and being nimble. It also means setting objectives and tracking key results to ensure we're hitting goals and time lines, engaging the effectiveness and success of our overall strategy. 
 Not only will this allow us to modernize legacy platforms and bring new products and services to market more quickly, but shorter run times for major projects and initiatives will also lead to expense reductions. This accelerated agile approach was used to launch a recent pilot for a new online quoting and agent routing program called [ cold flow ]. This aims to capture more digital prospects through a more streamlined quoting process, combined with personal interaction with an Erie agent. 
 It brings together the technology to meet customers where they are, with the human touch that differentiates Erie from the competition, which is exactly what our strategy is about. Following the pilot, we expect to expand the program to more agencies throughout 2023. 
 We also continue to invest in our new and enhanced ways to serve our existing customers. Our online account platform, which acts as a digital self-service tool for customers is now used by more than 1 million households, and chat services have become a popular feature of the customer experience. More than 22,000 conversations were handled by digital services team last year, an increase of more than 200% over 2021. 
 Based on recent survey data, customers rated the tool an average of 4.7 out of 5. 2 new products launched in 2022 are also showing promising early results. The combined Cyber Suite coverage, which protects businesses against cyber attacks, now covers more than 11,000 ErieSecure Business customers; and Extended Water Coverage, which was piloted in 2 states in early 2022 and roll off to 10 states within our footprint in the second half of the year, has been added to nearly 14,000 policies so far, protecting customers against certain types of water damage. 
 As we've always done, we're developing and refining these new products and services alongside our independent agents. The relationship we have with our agency force is unparalleled. We place a high priority on seeking their input, recognizing their successes and making sure they have the very best products, technology and business processes in place. 
 These efforts were recognized recently when Erie was ranked highest among personal lines insurers in the J.D. Power 2022 U.S. Independent Agent Satisfaction Study released in October. This is the second year in a row the independent property casualty insurance agents have rated Erie highest in satisfaction. Our independent agent distribution model has been a key driver of our success for nearly 100 years, and we will continue to build on that creation of trust and collaboration as we move into our second century. 
 Before we close, I do want to acknowledge some changes to our executive team that have been announced since our last call. As we shared publicly in November, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Gutting, will be retiring at the end of April. Greg is a familiar voice on this call, and he's been an extremely valuable member of our executive team, both for the wise financial perspective and expertise he offers and the institutional gained in his nearly 40-year career in Erie. His partnership will be truly missed. 
 Julie Pelkowski will succeed Greg to become Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on May 1. Julie currently serves as Senior Vice President of our Enterprise Office. Prior to taking on that leadership role last year, Julie served as Senior Vice President and Controller. She began her career in 1991 with Deloitte & Touche and joined Erie in 1998 as an internal auditor before moving into various leadership roles within our finance division. Julie's years of exceptional leadership have positioned us strongly for the future. 
 Finally, we welcome to our executive team, Sean Dugan. Sean was promoted to Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Corporate Services on January 1. Since 2020, Sean has led our Human Resources as Senior Vice President. And prior to that, he held the position of Corporate Human Resources Officer. His 30-year Erie career includes leadership roles, corporate training and development, talent acquisition and community outreach. Sean's expertise in both business and support functions and his deep knowledge of the organization is a tremendous asset to our executive team. 
 As always, I'd like to thank our employees and agents for their dedication to our above all and service commitment, our shareholders for their continued support and trust and all of you, for your continued interest in Erie. Thank you all for listening in today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no questions-and-answer session following the recording.  Now I'd like to introduce your host of the call today, Vice President, Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz. Your line is open.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our third quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com.  Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated October 27, 2022 and in the related press release.  This prerecorded call is the property of the Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of the Erie Indemnity Company.  With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to learn more about Erie's performance in the third quarter of 2022.  As we move into the last few months of the year, I'm excited to be doing so with more employees working and collaborating in our offices with many of our long-standing in-person events back in place. Nearly 70% of employees in position who've worked on-site before the pandemic have now returned to our offices, and those returns will continue into next year. Like many other companies, we're taking a hybrid approach, balancing the flexibility our employees have come to value over the past couple of years with the needs of our business and relationship-based culture.  The past few months also saw the return of many of the celebrations and gatherings that are so important to us at Erie. Events like our annual branch meetings to recognize our independent agents, service anniversary celebrations to honor our long-tenured employees and summer picnics to connect with colleagues were all resumed after more than 2 years of cancellations and shifts to virtual formats. We are also excited to introduce our inaugural Diversity Summit held in September, a week-long event featuring guest speakers, interactive sessions and live panel discussions all designed to further engage employees and agents in our journey to integrate diversity, equity and inclusion into how we operate.  The Diversity Summit was a milestone in a year of significant progress, which included naming the company's first Vice President of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. Lance Hyde brings more than 16 years of experience in diversity and inclusion practices, including supplier diversity and sustainability initiatives. He served as Director of Global Inclusion and Diversity at Koppers in Pittsburgh. Under the leadership of Lance and our Chief Diversity and Community Development Officer, Chris Marsh, we've moved into a phase of action, accountability and deepening of our commitment to making diversity, equity and inclusion operational at Erie.  Now let's turn to our third quarter financial results. We're with the rest of our industry and many others in facing continued challenges created by the inflationary environment. The combined ratio of 113.1% for the year reflects both high claims severity to declining repair and replacement costs for auto and property claims and an increase in weather-related losses. Weather event-related claims for the end of September were up 42% over last year and contributed 8.2% to the combined ratio.  On the positive side, we continue to also see an upward trend in premium, which grew 9.4% for the quarter and is up 8.4% for the year. Overall policies in force are up 3.3% and our retention rate remains strong and over 90% for personal and commercial lines combined. Along with that, our policyholder surplus stands at almost $10.2 billion, allowing us to maintain our steady-as-we-go approach to pricing and profitability.  With that, I'll turn it over to Greg for a deeper review of our financials. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time today to be a part of the Erie Indemnity Company third quarter earnings call.  2022 has been difficult. Growing inflation, coupled with unfavorable market conditions, has challenged not only our business but the insurance sector as a whole. Erie is not immune to these factors, but our tried and true business model continues to provide successful results as we face these challenges head on.  I will begin my review with the results for the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage. Direct written premium growth for the third quarter was 9.4%, driven by substantial growth in new business premium, which climbed almost 21% over the prior year. With a combined ratio for the quarter of 111.9% and continued market volatility, the Exchange's policyholder surplus decreased to $10.2 billion, down $400 million [indiscernible]. Now shifting to Indemnity. In the third quarter, Indemnity generated net income of $84 million or $1.61 per diluted share compared to $90 million or $1.72 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2021. For the 9 months ended September 30, 2022, net income was $233 million or $4.46 per diluted share compared to $243 million or $4.64 per diluted share in the same period in 2021.  Operating income increased 12% or $11 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared to the third quarter of 2021. Indemnity also saw an increase in operating income of 15% or $39 million for the first 9 months of 2022 compared to the same period last year.  Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $47 million or 9.3% in the third quarter of 2022 compared to the third quarter of 2021. For the first 3 quarters of 2022, Indemnity saw an increase of $121 million or 8.3% compared to the same period in 2021. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services increased $200,000 in the third quarter but decreased $500,000 in the 3 quarters of 2022 compared to the same period last year.  Turning to Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services. Commissions increased $22 million in the third quarter and $56 million in the first 3 quarters of 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The increases in agent compensation in both periods was driven by increases in the direct and assumed written premiums of the Exchange, partially offset by a decrease in agent incentive compensation.  Noncommission expense increased $14 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared to the third quarter of 2021. Underwriting and policy processing expense increased $3 million, primarily due to increased postage and underwriting report costs. Information technology costs increased $4 million driven by increased professional fees and hardware and software costs, partially offset by decreased personnel costs. Also, administrative and other expenses increased $6 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, driven by increased personnel costs related to compensation and increased professional fees.  For the first 9 months of 2022, Indemnity saw an increase in noncommission expenses of $28 million, driven by increases in underwriting and policy processing costs of $3 million, information technology costs of $8 million, sales and advertising costs of $3 million and administrative and other costs of $15 million compared to the same period in 2021.  Investment losses before taxes totaled $1 million in the third quarter, and income from investments before taxes totaled $300,000 year-to-date 2022. The results were primarily driven by equity and losses of limited partnerships of $5 million and $2 million in the third quarter and first 9 months of 2022 compared to limited partnership earnings of $12 million in the third quarter and $27 million for the first 9 months of 2021. I will remind you that limited partnership asset class is in runoff, and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future.  Investment income was also negatively impacted by realized and unrealized losses of $24 million for the first 9 months of 2022 compared to gains of $5 million for the same period last year. As always, we take a very measured approach to our capital management and we maintain a strong balance sheet, and for the first 9 months of 2022, our financial performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders over $155 million in dividends.  Thank you again for your time today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. At Erie, we've always had a strong culture of innovation, one that goes back nearly 100 years. Erie Insurance began from a prospectus written on a 10-cent tablet. And our founders, H.O. Hirt and OG. Crawford, hit the street to raise more than $30,000 over 3 months from 90 different investors. That forward-looking spirit endures. Today, it's represented by a slate of efforts aimed at generating new revenue opportunities in a dynamic marketplace.  In recent years, we've invested in promising businesses through both opportunities on funding in Erie Pittsburgh and Baltimore and in early-stage tech companies through our next-level innovation efforts. And in August, we announced the launch of an exciting new investment fund, Erie Strategic Ventures, as our new corporate venture capital investment arm. The focus of the fund will be on businesses tied to the personal and commercial insurance value chain as well as natural adjacencies. This could include companies that are innovating in areas like risk avoidance, claims or digital sales.  The goal is to make will enhance Erie's existing value proposition, support our independent agents and allow Erie to explore new growth opportunities that complement our business model.  We're partnering with Touchdown Ventures, an experienced corporate venture capital firm, to strategize and manage these investments. We're looking forward to building on our innovation efforts with the launch of this venture fund and to do so in a way that aligns with our values and our dedication to service.  Before we close, I'd like to make note of a few third-party recognitions. Two of those recognitions came from Forbes. Erie was named to its list of America's Best-in-State Employers for 2022 and America's Best Insurance Companies for 2023. The Best-in-State Employers list is based on recommendations from employees who are asked to rate their willingness to recommend their employers to friends and family. Erie is ranked among the top 25 employers in Pennsylvania on that list. The Best Insurance Companies list recognized Erie as an industry leader in 5 product categories: auto, homeowners, renters, term life and permanent life.  And for the second consecutive year, Erie's Future Focus internship program was named to the Rising Insurance Star Executive list of the insurance industry's 50 best internship programs in 2022. The Future Focus program is one of our largest pipelines for early career talent and growing diversity within our talent pool. Erie hosted more than 100 interns in 2022, the largest class 20-year history. As we continue to face a competitive labor market, programs like this one are critical to our talent strategy to maintain and build a robust and diverse workforce at Erie.  As always, I'd like to express my gratitude to our employees and agents for their commitment to being above all in service and to our shareholders for their continued support and trust. Thank you all for listening in today and for your interest and investment at Erie.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
End of Q&A:

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, Id like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our second quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated July 28, 2022, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of the Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tims remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for listening in today. Its hard to believe were already halfway through 2022. First half of the year was a time of transition and new beginnings. Back in April, we began bringing a small number of employees back to our home office. These employees volunteered to be the first to work on our new Thomas B. Hagen building and they have been pioneers in helping us shape the employee experience as we move into a new era of work. That new era began in July, as we started bringing 200 more employees back to work on site each week, a process we expect to continue for several more months. As we do this, we are finding a balance between flexibility, productivity and connectedness. Wherever possible, employees are working on hybrid schedule, with some days in the office and others remote. This allows employees to have the face-to-face interactions that are a key part of building strong relationships, while still giving them the flexibility they have come to value from working virtually. Its also the core of our business strategy, combining the human touch with an enhanced digital experience. With that said, we know many employees prefer the convenience of fully remote work. And without a doubt, the pandemic has only heightened the competition for talent and work opportunities. So while hybrid remains our preferred model, we are also taking initial steps to expand remote opportunities in target areas and job families facing challenges in recruiting and retention. We believe this move will ultimately help to alleviate some of our talent challenges, with minimal impact to our relationship-based culture. Talent is just one of the many challenges we and so many other companies are facing. The property and casualty insurance industry has been particularly affected by inflation. According to the Insurance Information Institute, replacement costs associated with homeowners and auto insurance, which are our largest lines, are up more than 10% over last year. We too are experiencing higher vehicle and building repair costs, sometimes exacerbated by longer times for repair. Disruptions in the supply chain for things like vehicle sensors are root cause of this. These inflationary cost increases are leading to higher claim severity than we contemplated in our pricing, driving a higher-than-expected combined ratio, which stands at 113.7 for the first half of 2022. Across the insurance sector, everyone is feeling the pinch. Where Erie differs however is in how we leverage the strength of our financial stability, thanks to our policyholder surplus, which stands at $10.6 billion. The other good news is in the strong premium growth were seeing, which was 8.6% for the quarter. Overall, policies in force grew by 3.1% and our retention rate is also outstanding at 90.3% for personal and commercial lines combined. Ill now turn it over to Greg Gutting for a deeper review of our financials. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time today to be a part of the Erie Indemnity Company second quarter earnings call. As you will see in the results I share with you today and as Tim mentioned earlier, Erie has not been immune to the inflationary conditions of our economy, which have had the most impact on the settling of auto and property claims. The second quarter of 2022 was impacted not only by the stormy weather experienced in June, but also by the increased severity in our auto and property claims. With that, Id like to jump into our results for the second quarter. Starting with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage. Direct written premium growth for the second quarter was 8.6%, driven by substantial growth in new business premium, which climbed 10.7% over the prior year. The increased loss severity driven by inflation, combined with storm losses, generated a combined ratio for the quarter of 122.4%. This, combined with the down financial markets, resulted in a $900 million decrease in the Exchanges surplus for the quarter. Despite these results, the Exchange recorded surplus of $10.6 million at June 30 and continues to maintain a very strong balance sheet. Turning our attention to Indemnity, in the second quarter, Indemnity generated net income of $80 million or $1.53 per diluted share compared to $79 million or $1.51 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2021. For the first half of 2022, net income was $149 million or $2.84 per diluted share, down slightly from the $153 million or $2.92 per diluted share recorded in the first half of 2021. Operating income increased 22.3% or $19 million in the second quarter of 2022 compared to the second quarter of 2021. Indemnity also saw an increase in operating income of 16.8% or $27 million for the first 6 months of this year compared to the first 6 months of last year. Indemnitys management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $42 million or 8.4% in the second quarter of 2022 compared to the second quarter of 2021, while for the first 6 months of 2022, Indemnity saw an increase of $75 million or 7.8% compared to the first half of 2021. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services decreased $200,000 in the second quarter and $700,000 in the first half of 2022 compared to the same periods last year. Turning to Indemnitys cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services. Commissions increased $14 million in the second quarter and $34 million for the first 6 months of 2022 compared to the same periods in 2021. The increases in agent compensation in both periods were driven by increases in the direct and assumed written premiums of the Exchange, partially offset by a decrease in agent incentive compensation. Non-commission expense increased $9 million in the second quarter of 2022 compared to the second quarter of 2021. Information technology costs increased by $5 million, driven by increased hardware and software costs as well as increased professional fees. Also, administrative and other expenses increased over $5 million in the second quarter of 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, driven by increased professional fees and increased personnel costs related to compensation. For the first 6 months of 2022, Indemnity saw an increase in non-commission expense of $14 million, driven by increases in technology costs of $4 million and administrative and other costs of $9 million. These increased costs were primarily driven by increases in hardware and software costs as well as professional fees compared to the same period in 2021. Investment losses before taxes totaled $2 million in the second quarter. And income from investments before taxes totaled $1 million in the first 6 months of 2022, down significantly from the same periods in 2021. This was driven by lower limited partnership earnings and realized and unrealized losses recorded in 2022. We recorded limited partnership earnings of $2.5 million in the first 6 months of 2022 compared to earnings of over $15 million in the same period in 2021. I will remind you that limited partnership asset classes and runoff, and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future. Also, with market conditions down substantially in 2022, we incurred realized and unrealized losses of nearly $18 million in the first half of this year compared to gains of almost $4 million in 2021. As always, we take a very measured approach to our capital management, and we maintain a strong balance sheet. And for the first 6 months of 2022, our financial performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders over $103 million in dividends. Thank you again for your time today. Now I will turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. I mentioned earlier in the call that the core of our strategy combines the human touch with enhanced digital experience. That involves embracing technology in ways that are distinctly Erie by bolstering our unique asset, the relationship with our independent agency force. After more than 2 years of virtual meetings and celebrations, weve been excited to reconnect with our agents in person over the past few months at annual branch meetings held across our footprint and at our combined agent task force meeting, which we hosted recently in our hometown of Erie, Pennsylvania. Something weve been discussing with agents is how we can make sure they are well equipped to meet the changing needs and preferences of our customers for new and enhanced products and services. The new extended water product for personal lines is one example of that. This represents Eries entry into the private flood market, which includes sewer or draining backup coverage plus flood barrels under a single limit. Following a successful pilot in Indiana and Virginia earlier this year, we rolled it out to two more states, Tennessee and West Virginia, in June. Its already been added to more than 2,000 policies in those 4 states. Were also able to use data from this pilot to appropriately monitor our risk and roll out the coverage to additional states. On the services side, chat is now available to all users of our online account platform. Our digital services being handled over 15,000 chats through May of 2022 and more than 900,000 households now have an active online account. Capabilities of our mobile app were also recently strengthened by an integration with Safelite, Eries third-party glass plane vendor. This allows users to be in an auto glass claim, which is a high-frequency claim occurrence directly from the app. Before we close, Id like to make a note of a few third-party recognitions. J.D. Power ranked Erie first in its 2020 U.S. auto insurance study in 2 regions: Mid-Atlantic and North Central. Ranking is based on customer satisfaction scores in billing, claims, interactions, policy offerings and price. In other recognitions, Forbes listed Erie on its 2022 list of Americas Best Employers for Diversity. Out of 500 companies recognized across all industries, Erie was ranked #48 nationally. Finally, Eries First Notice of Loss department was named a top contact center in its size and category across all industries by BenchmarkPortal. In 2021, Eries FNOL customer satisfaction rates improved nearly 90%, a reach significantly higher than the industry average. This commitment to a high level of service is what has always set Erie apart. We remain steadfast in that commitment, especially in these challenging and changing times. Thats made possible by the dedication of our employees and agents. And its reinforced by the ongoing support and trust of our shareholders. Id like to thank all of you for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our first quarter results. This recording includes remarks from Timothy NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated April 28th, 2022 and the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks Scott and good morning, everyone. Earlier this week, we held our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. We broadcast the meeting from the new Thomas B. Hagen building, which as I mentioned on previous calls, was dedicated last September. This beautiful building has continued to sit mostly empty since that time as the majority of our employees have continued to work remotely. However, just in the past couple of weeks, that started to change. We celebrated Erie's 97th anniversary on April 20th by welcoming nearly 200 employees back to our home office campus. They joined the essential employees who have been coming into the office to maintain operations since the beginning of the pandemic. This is the beginning of a broader phase-in return to our offices that will be taking place over the next several months. We're returning with greater flexibility than ever before. But we're taking a slow and steady approach to ensure the spirit of the organization and levels of service are upheld as the pandemic continues its transition to new variants in a world anxious to return to living fully. At Erie, our focus now is less about getting back to what we previously knew and more about exploring what's next. We're positioning, learning, and adapting as we go and we'll be doing that together with our Erie employees. At the Annual Shareholder's Meeting, I also shared some of the external challenges we're facing, the inflation rate, supply chain issues, and labor shortages are being felt across all industries and they are further echoed in our industry through increased claims cost. Our combined ratio for the first quarter, which stands at 104.6% reflects some of those challenges. But I'm confident in Erie's financial strength evidenced by $11.5 billion in policyholder surplus and continued growth, which can be seen in the 7% direct written premium increase for the quarter. And of course, Erie's 97-year track record of stability and success is a testament to the adaptability and resilience to whatever the times may throw our way. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Greg for a deeper view of our first quarter financials. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our first quarter 2022 earnings call. As Tim mentioned, earlier this week, we held our 97th Annual Shareholder's Meeting where we shared many of our distinguished accomplishments in 2021. We shared how several new products have positively impacted our insurance operations. We shared how changes in the way we interact and communicate with our customers has bolstered our customers overall experience. And lastly, we shared with our audience how even in the midst of a more difficult year, the Exchange still added $1 billion to policyholder surplus, further showing this strong financial performance can be achieved even during challenging times. Now, I would like to share with you the first quarter results for 2022. Beginning with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct and assumed written premium growth for the first quarter with 7%. This growth for the quarter was driven by a 4% increase in the new policy premiums as well as a 3% increase in total policies in force. The Exchange's combined ratio for the quarter was 104.6%, up significantly from the first quarter of 2021. The increase in the combined ratio can be attributed to the increase in auto claims frequency and severity, driven by higher claim settlement costs and driving activity at near pre-pandemic levels. Despite the increase in the combined ratio, the Exchange still recorded policyholder surplus of $11.5 billion at March 31st, 2022. Shifting our attention to Indemnity, first quarter 2022, net income was $69 million, or $1.31 per diluted share compared to $74 million or $1.41 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2021. Operating income before taxes increased $8 million, or 10.8% in the first quarter of 2022 compared to the first quarter of 2021. Indemnity's management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $32 million or 7.1% in the first quarter of 2022 compared to the first quarter of 2021. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services was $14 million in the first quarter of 2022, compared to $15 million in the first quarter of last year. Turning to Indemnity's cost of operations related to policy issuance and renewal services, commissions increased nearly $20 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. This was the result of the 7% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange, primarily in lines of business that pay a higher commission rate. Non-commission expenses increased $4 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared to the first quarter of 2021. Sales and advertising increased nearly $2 million due to agent-related expenses, while administrative and other costs increased $3 million, primarily due to an increase in professional fees. Lastly, income from investments before taxes totaled $3 million for the quarter compared to $18 million during the first quarter of 2021. Included in our investment income was nearly $3 million of income from limited partnerships in the first quarter of 2022 compared to $9 million in limited partnership income in the first quarter of 2021. However, keep in mind that our limited partnership portfolio is still in runoff. Indemnity also recorded realized and unrealized losses of over $7 million in the first quarter of 2022, which negatively impacted total investment income. Thank you, again, for your time and attention this morning. I look forward to continuing to provide you with financial updates throughout 2022. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. We headed in the 2022 hoist implemented strategies we've spent over a year developing and refining. That strategy involves embracing technology in ways that are distinctly Erie by strengthening our most unique asset, relationship with our independent agency force. It also aims to strengthen our competitive position by making sure our independent agents are well-equipped to meet the changing needs and preferences of our customers. A perfect example of a product that addresses those changing needs is our commercial cyber suite coverage. This provides comprehensive protection against risks we couldn't imagine a few decades back, cyber-attacks to businesses. It's now available to commercial customers through Erie Secure business and automatically quoted on all new policies. There's a growing market addressing the emerging threats businesses face in this digital age and we see a lot of potential for this particular product. Also through Erie Secure business, a new wage and hour option within Employment Practices Liability covers defense costs for claims for the insured and their employee disagree about time paid. These defense costs can present a real exposure for small business clients and we're pleased to now offer this optional coverage. On the personal line side, we're addressing a previously unmet need by offering extended water or flood coverage. This coverage which includes both sewer drain and flood coverage under a single limit is now offered in four states with plans to roll it out to most of our states by the end of this year. Another way we're meeting both customer and agent needs is through the service capabilities we provide. Our online account platform now has more than 900,000 active customers and live chat capabilities are now available to all customers that use it, giving them the option to have a real-time conversation with an Erie customer care representative online. More than 12,000 chats have been handled since the functionality was introduced. We're also pleased to now offer live interpretation services for our agents through a partnership with a service called Language Line Solutions. Agents can have clear professional conversations with any customer or prospect regardless of the language they speak. Agents simply call a number, choose from more than 200 languages and connect with a live interpreter at no charge. Along with service to our customers, we're also committed as always, to servicing our communities where we live and work. Erie recently selected 23 educational non-profits to receive more than $824,000 in funding for 2022 through Pennsylvania's Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program. Erie has donated nearly $10 million to the program since it was established in 2011. I'm also proud to announce two recent third-party recognitions. Erie was named Best of the Best by both the Hispanic Network Magazine and by the Black EOE Journal. Both publications promote diversity in all aspects of education, business, and employment to ensure equal opportunity, and we're excited to be recognized for our commitment to integrating diversity, equity, and inclusion into our principles and practices. Finally, I'm very excited to share that after an extensive search, we've appointed the new Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer to replace Bob Ingram around who retired at the end of last year. Partha Srinivasa, who most recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Data Officer at Verisk Analytics joined Erie on April 4. Verisk is one of the world's largest data analytics firms and Partha was responsible for the company's insurance segment, data and technology, as well as enterprise-wide data and analytics. Prior to Verisk, he held multiple technology leadership roles as a global CIO and CTO at companies including Zurich Financial Services, Tokio Marine, Farmers Insurance, and Safe Auto. Partha is highly respected IT executive and his experience is a perfect match for where we need to go as an organization and the critical role technology and data play in getting us there. He's also a positive open person who embraces and embodies Erie's unique values and culture. I'm so pleased to have Partha at the Executive table and know he'll do great things here in Erie. As always, I'd like to express my gratitude to our employees and agents for their commitment to being above all in service and to our shareholders for their continued support and trust. Thank you for listening in today and your continued interest in Erie.
End of Q&A: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter and Year End 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz. You may begin, sir.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you. And welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2021 fourth quarter and year-end results. This recording includes remarks from Timothy G. NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the Company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks.  For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 24th, 2022 and the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks. Tim.
Timothy G. NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. And thanks to all of you for taking the time to learn more about Erie's performance in the fourth quarter of 2021 and our year-end results. After working through the daunting challenges of 2020, we entered 2021 with a sense of hope for a return to normalcy and answers to the unknown. The pandemic, however, has persisted far longer than we could've imagined, and the challenges and uncertainties related to it continued and evolved as well. Against that backdrop, our performance in 2021 reflects its share of accomplishments, milestones, and points of pride. Among them, reaching 6 million policies in force for Erie Insurance Exchange. This can be credited in large part to our hard-working agency force and dedicated sales mentoring teams. Our steady as you go approach to pricing and commitment to long-term profitability has helped us surpass this milestone and positions us for continued growth. As we move towards 7 million policies in force and a century of service. The year also brought a significant moment in the Company's history. The dedication of our new seven story office building. The Thomas B. Hagen Building, named of course, for our Chairman of the Board is a symbol of pride and hope both for Erie, the Company and Erie, the city. It provides us ample space and an inspiring environment for new, safe ways to come together we begin returning more employees to our offices. We're no longer predicting a date for that return. However, logistical plans are complete to bring employees back when it's considered safe to do so. Our transition will reflect the nature of how we work and do business as changed during the pandemic. Wherever possible, employees love greater flexibility, balanced with the personal face-to-face interactions that have shaped our service culture for 97 years.  We're looking forward to pioneering what's next with and for our workforce. And in a way that's right for Erie and for our employees. Before I share some additional updates and achievements from this past year, let's turn to our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. Despite the unique challenges faced over the past year in the industry, the country and the world. We're in a strong place financially and well-positioned for success as we move into 2022. As reported in our press release filed after the market closed yesterday, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $55 million or a $1.05 per diluted share for the fourth quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, that was a decrease of approximately $8 million. During the first half of the year. Insurance losses remains at lower-than-normal levels to the relatively mild spring and continued reduction in driving due to the pandemic.  However, that shifted in the second half of 2021 as driving returned to nearly pre -pandemic level and supply chain issues led to dramatically increase costs for automobile parts and building supplies. More weather-related losses in the third quarter were then compounded by the catastrophic tornadoes in Kentucky, Tennessee, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio in December. These factors contributed to a year-end combined ratio 103.9 compared to 93.7 at the end of 2020. Growth in our investment portfolio enabled us to grow policyholder surplus for the Exchange to $11.7 billion up a little over $1 billion for the year. It's worth noting that just over the past five-years, surplus has grown by $4 billion. Now, with that, I will pass it to Greg for deeper review of the financials. Greg.
Greg Gutting: Thank you Sam. As I am sure you have noticed in your daily lives, the cost of just about everything has increased. As an insurance Company, we're seeing these rising costs in automobile replacements, car parts, and building material costs, which directly impact claims costs. We're also seeing driving activity returned to near pre -pandemic levels. These factors can certainly apply pressured to the bottom line. However, we've managed to yet again deliver strong financial results. I am proud to share those results with you today. Starting with the exchange the insurance operations we've manage. Direct written premium growth for the fourth quarter was 4.5% driven by an increase in the average premium per policy and increased policy retention.  For the year, the exchange saw an increase in direct written premiums of over 3% compared to 2020. The increase was driven by strong new policy growth of 9% and an increase in new direct written premium of just over 13% combined with increased policy retention. As Tim previously mentioned, the fourth quarter was impacted heavily by weather events in Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio incentive fee. Despite these events, the Exchange Group policyholder surplus by $80 million landing at $11.7 billion at the end of 2021. This represents an increase of $1 billion for the year, driven by superior investment returns. Turning to the results for Indemnity, net income was $55 million or $1.05 per diluted share. In the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $63 million or $1.20 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2020.  2021, total year net income was $298 million or $5.69 per diluted share compared to $293 million or $5.61 per diluted share in 2020. Operating income in the fourth quarter decreased just over $3 million or 4.9% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. From a total year perspective, Indemnity experienced a decrease in operating income of $20 million or 5.9% compared to 2020. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased nearly $21 million or 4.8% in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, and $71 million or 3.9% for the total year compared to 2020. The increases in both the fourth quarter and total year were driven by increases in the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange. The total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased $23 million for the fourth quarter and over $88 million for the total year, 2021 compared to the same periods of 2020.  Commission expenses for the fourth quarter grew $18 million, while the total year commission expense increased $57 million. The fourth quarter was impacted mainly by the growth in the direct and assumed written premiums. However, our total year commission expense was driven by two factors. The increase in written premiums, as well as higher agent incentive compensation. Turning to our non-commission expenses. For the fourth quarter, Indemnity saw an increase of nearly $5 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. The fourth quarter increase was driven by increases in underwriting and policy processing costs, administrative and other expenses, and customer service costs. For the total year 2021, non-commission expenses grew by $31 million compared to 2020.  Underwriting and policy processing costs increased $4.5 million, driven by personnel costs, as well as underwriting report costs. IT costs grew roughly $11 million due to increased software and hardware costs, as well as personnel costs. And finally, administrative and other expenses increased just over $14 million driven by professional fees and building and equipment depreciation. Personnel costs and all categories were impacted by higher medical costs compared to the prior year as the COVID-19 pandemic reduced electric procedures in 2020. Indemnity's fourth quarter pre -tax income from investments totaled over $12 million. This represents a decrease of roughly $2 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.  Although we saw an increase in limited partnership income of over $3 million, it was more than offset by a decrease in realized gains of nearly $5 million. Our investment income for the total year basis, however, is a very positive story. Indemnity total year pretax income from investments was just over $67 million, an increase of $34.5 million compared to 2020. The large increase is attributable to our limited partnership portfolio, which recorded earnings of $32 million in 2021. I will remind you that limited partnership asset class is in runoff and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future. Finally, in 2021, we paid our shareholders dividend in the amount of a $193 million. Also, in December of last year, our board approved a 7.2% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend for both Class A and Class B shares for 2022. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Timothy G. NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. As Greg mentioned earlier in his remarks, we saw an impressive jump of 9% in new policies written in 2021. That increase can be largely attributable to some of the new and enhanced products in both personal and commercial lines. There's personal umbrella product, refresh and reintroduced across our footprint last year, provides protection beyond what auto and home insurance policies cover. In 2021, new business direct written premium for personal umbrella was up more than 30% versus 2020. ErieSecure business introduced in late 2020 is a customizable, commercial multi-peril products that agents quote on average in just over seven minutes. It exceeded the expectations last year generating nearly $200 million new written premiums and providing protection to more than 75,000 businesses.  Along with new enhanced product offerings, we've been working over the past year to establish a strategy that keeps the human touch delivered by our agency force at the center while expanding our digital tools and services to meet customer demand. The same technology that's allowed us to connect and collaborate virtually over the past two years, has also changed the way consumers interact companies. It's critical that we embrace that shifts for technology, but it's even more critical to do that in a way that's distinctly [Indiscernible]. That means giving customers access to digital teams when they want it and contact with the person when they need it. Several enhancements to our online account platform in 2021 addresses that approach to convenience, customized service, and the initial usage numbers show that they're resonating with our customers.  The new chat function with an online account so an average response time of just 16 seconds and 96% of chats were answered within 40 seconds. The new paperless billing option introduced to online account customers in March now has more than 100,000 policies enrolled. A new text messaging capability for claims handlers, seeing great usage rates with the claims team engaging are more than 16,000 text conversations per month and 72% of applicable customers opting in. Another aspect of our strategy is using customer data to drive our approach to service delivery and product development. This will ensure that we deliver seamless customer experiences and provide agents with data-tested products and services to help grow their business. One way we're doing this is through your turn, our Telematics program attracts driving behaviors and reward safe drivers.  Pennsylvania was added as the eighth state in our footprint to offer low term in 2021. And now nearly 50,000 drivers are registered on Erie's platform. We're also anticipating two new product enhancements to meet customers needs. Expanded commercial cyber security coverage to be quoted on all new ErieSecure business policies and extended water or flood coverage for personalized customers. Overall, these advancing demonstrate our commitment to strengthening our competitive position, meeting the challenging needs and preferences of our customers, and building on the service products that's been the source of our success for 97 years. That commitment to service was affirmed recently by a second place ranking from J.D. Power in their 2021 Auto Claims Satisfaction Study released in November.  Erie score jumped by 21 points from 2020 and was just four points shy of the first-place spot. Additionally, Erie was the highest performer for the estimation process and tied for first for clean servicing. Erie was also included in the top ten carriers for customers experience with first notice of loss, settlement and rental experience. This recognition along with the accomplishments in the past year are testament to the strong relationships among our employees and agents which have allowed us to work together seamlessly and to be highly productive even in the very different and often challenging environment we face over the past two years. That Erie family spirit is also helps us in weather storms like the [Indiscernible] tornadoes and torquing parts of our footprint in December.  The displays of humanity shown by our employees and agents were nothing short of remarkable. And also, serve as a reminder of our purpose, to provide our policy holders with this near perfect protection as near-perfect service, as humanly possible to do so at the lowest possible cost. I'd like to once again thank our employees and agents for their dedication and our shareholders for their continued support and trust, and all of you for your continued interest in Erie.
End of Q&A: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This call was pre-recorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2021 third quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated October 28, 2021 and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. Thanks to all of you for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the third quarter of 2021. In our last call, I discussed our plans to begin returning significant numbers of employees to our offices in September. However, as the delta variant spread presenting new challenges and uncertainties, we made the decision to pause those plans until January of 2022. Returning more employees back to our offices is important to our close net relationship-based culture and we're eager to do so. But ensuring the health and safety of our employees and communities while maintaining business continuity remains the top priority. One decision we did move ahead on was the historic and long anticipated dedication of Erie's new 7-story office tower. The Thomas B. Hagen Building appropriately named for our esteemed Chairman of the Board is an impressive addition to our home office campus and to the city of Erie. This occasion was delayed by 17 months due to the pandemic. However, the dedication date of September 15 was significant. It was the 68th anniversary of the day Tom Hagen joined Erie Insurance as a part-time file clerk while attending college. Tom, of course, is one of my predecessors in the CEO office. And since 2007, he has served as the Chairman of Erie Indemnity. Tom's influence and contributions as an Erie CEO, a businessman, philanthropist, preservationist and historian are evident across the city. And his wisdom and leadership have helped Erie Insurance grow into the thriving company it is today. The Hagen Building is a monumental symbol of that continued growth and success and of our hope for the future. When the building was designed, it was targeted to provide relief to expanding employee ranks, supporting our robust business growth. In the workplace reset underway, the building provides us ample space and an inspiring environment for new safe ways to come together. We're targeting January to start the return of our workforce to on-site locations. That return is marked by greater flexibility and empowerment and deference to our relationship culture and the changing nature of work. Now, let's turn to our third quarter financial results. As you saw in our press release filed after the market closed yesterday, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $90 million or $1.72 per diluted share for the third quarter. This is compared to a net income of $89 million or $1.71 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2020. I'd now like to invite Greg Gutting to share a deeper review of the financials. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time today to be a part of the Erie Indemnity Third Quarter Earnings Call. I am proud to be here today to share with you our strong financial performance for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2021. With that, I'd like to share with you our third quarter results. Starting with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage. Direct written premium growth the third quarter was 3.8%, driven by growth in both our homeowners and commercial multi-peril products. During the third quarter, the Exchange experienced an increase in frequency in auto and increased severity in both auto and property, reflecting the driving activity resuming to nearly a pre-pandemic level and the increased cost of automobile, parts and building supplies. The exchange also experienced an increase in weather related losses in the third quarter. The combined ratio for the quarter was 110.6% which increased the combined ratio to 98.7% for the first nine months of 2021. The exchange surplus remains very strong at $11.7 billion. Turning our attention to your company, Indemnity. In the third quarter, Indemnity's net income was $90 million or $1.72 per diluted share compared to $89 million or $1.71 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2020. For the first nine months of 2021, net income was $243 million or $4.64 [ph] per diluted share compared to $231 million or $4.41 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2020. Operating income before taxes decreased 1.2% or $1 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared to the third quarter of 2020. Indemnity also saw a decrease in operating income before taxes of 6.2% or $17 million for the first nine months of this year compared to the same period in 2020. Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $20 million or 4.2% in the third quarter of 2021 compared to the third quarter of 2020. While for the first nine months of 2021, Indemnity saw an increase of $51 million or 3.6% compared to the first nine months of 2020. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services decreased $400,000 in the third quarter and $500,000 in the first nine months of 2021 compared to the same periods in 2020. Focusing on Indemnity's cost of operations, commissions increased $15 million in the third quarter and $39 million in the first nine months of 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. The increases in commission in both the third quarter and year-to-date were driven by the growth in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange and to a lesser extent, the increase in agent incentive compensation. Non-commission expense increased $6 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared to the third quarter of 2020. Information technology costs increased by $4 million, driven by increases in hardware and software expenses as well as personnel costs. Sales and advertising costs increased $1 million due to personnel costs. A point to note, all expense categories were impacted as it relates to personnel costs due to an increase in medical costs compared to 2020. This is true for both the third quarter as well as year-to-date as many electric procedures were delayed in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. For the first nine months of 2021, Indemnity saw an increase in non-commission expenses of nearly $27 million. Increases in technology costs of $11 million were driven by hardware and software costs as well as personnel costs. Administrative and other expenses increased almost $13 million in the first nine months, driven by increases in building and equipment depreciation, professional fees and personnel costs. Underwriting and policy processing expense increased nearly $3 million primarily due to increased personnel costs and underwriting report costs. Income from investments before taxes totaled $21 million in the third quarter of 2021 and $55 million year-to-date for 2021 which included income from limited partnerships of $12 million and $27 million, respectively. Limited partnerships were the largest contributor to investment income in both the quarter and year-to-date. I will remind you that limited partnership asset class is in runoff and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future. In closing, the Indemnity Company is continuing to perform through the uncertain times of pandemic and it is this performance that has allowed us to pay our shareholders nearly $145 million in dividends this year. Thank you again for your time today. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. It's hard to imagine where we'd be if not for the technology that's allowed us to transcend physical location to connect and collaborate virtually for more than 1.5 years. This has not only opened our eyes to a new world of work but to the new demands of doing business. Something that's become very clear is that being fully present and operational in the digital space is critical. Consumers are more reliant on digital commerce than ever before. They've grown to expect the same level of ease in doing business with their insurance provider as they do with their favorite online retailer. What's different about Erie is the human touch that has been our differentiator and source of success for nearly a century. It's core to who we are and how we operate and that will never change. That's why we're focused on a strategy that embraces technology in a way that gives customers access to digital tools when they want it and contact with the person when they need it. The self-service capabilities offered through online account are a great example of that, including the new chat functionality. The chat function was first piloted last year with phased rollouts continuing into 2022. An online accounts paperless billing option introduced in March is approaching 100,000 policies enrolled. Another recent example of digital enablement, our claims handlers now have the ability to contact claimants by text message. We're seeing great initial usage rates for this service with the claims team engaging in more than 16,000 tax conversations per month since July and 72% of applicable customers opting in. These numbers are a strong indication that sometimes the human touch means meeting people where they are and communicating in the method they prefer. That outside-in approach to service delivery and product development, using customer data to drive our strategic priorities across the enterprise is key to our strategy moving forward. This will ensure that we deliver seamless customer experiences that are highly satisfying and provide agents with data-tested products and services to help them grow their businesses. Two expected product enhancements for 2022 support our growth objectives. On the commercial side, we're rolling out expanded cybersecurity coverage to be quoted on all new ErieSecure business policies. This comprehensive endorsement will provide first and third-party coverage of digital attacks like data breaches and computer fraud. For personal lines, we're rolling out extended water or flood coverage early in 2022. Using underwriting and pricing sophistication, we'll be able to manage our exposures and price risks properly to offer this coverage to customers who may benefit from it. Growing and preparing our workforce for the future is another area of focus as we move forward and implementing more inclusive and equitable recruiting strategies is a key component of that. As part of this journey to build a more diverse workforce, we're proud to be collaborating with The Precisionists, an organization focused on employment for people with disabilities. With them, we are piloting a program that leverages the talents of adults with autism. 80% of adults with autism in the U.S. are unemployed or underemployed, according to The Precisionists. Yet when properly assessed and trained, people with autism and other neuro diversities are extremely high-performing employees. Individuals in the pilot program are identified, assessed, trained and employed by The Precisionists, to engage as consultants and project-based work as members of our teams in data, human resources and information technology. This partnership promises to be a win-win, helping Erie build a more diverse workforce while making a positive difference in the lives of these talented individuals. I'm also proud to report that Erie was honored with several third-party recognition since our last call. Independent agents ranked Erie first among personal lines insurers in J.D. Power's 2021 U.S. Independent Agent Performance and Satisfaction Survey. Newsweek named Erie one of America's best customer service companies for 2022, ranking us fourth in the homeowners insurance category. U.S. News & World Report ranked Erie third in it's Best Renters Insurance Companies 2021, calling out Erie's competitive pricing, A+ rating from A.M. Best and policy features, such as personal property coverage, loss of use coverage, personal liability and guest medical coverage. Forbes listed Erie as a top company in five different personal insurance categories in it's 2022 list of America's best insurance companies. And Forbes also named Erie to it's list of America's Best-In-State Employer for 2021 in Pennsylvania. And finally, the Global ERG network, the world's largest network of employee resource groups and diversity councils, recognized Erie's African American Affinity Network and Dignity and Respect Affinity Network with a Top 25 ERG Diversity Impact Award. And Fred Johnson, Vice President and Manager of Wisconsin branch was one of five recipients of the Diversity Impact Executive Sponsor of the Year honor. Fred is the sponsor of Erie's African American Affinity Network. Before we close, I'd like to acknowledge two changes to our executive team. Dionne Wallace Oakley, former Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Strategy, announced her decision to resign from Erie in July to pursue another executive career opportunity in Washington, D.C. area. We are deeply grateful for Dionne's leadership, expertise, creativity and the perspective she shared during her career with Erie which span more than a decade. Human Resources Senior Vice President, Sean Dugan, has taken on oversight of the collective areas of responsibility, HR, strategy, strategic communications and employment and privacy and is reporting directly to me as we determine next steps for this role. And Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Bob Ingram, shared his plans to retire at the end of this year. Bob joined Erie in August of 2012 and under his leadership, Erie has achieved numerous technology gains with our agents customers and employees. These accomplishments have given Erie a solid foundation for continued success in the years ahead. Bob's early notice provided time to begin an internal and external search for his replacement which is currently underway. We thank both Bob and Dionne for their significant contributions to the organization and wish them all the best in their new chapters. As always, I'd like to express my gratitude to our employees and agents for their commitment to being above all in service and to our shareholders for their continued support and trust. Thank you all for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
End of Q&A:

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2021 second quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC ended July 29, 2021, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is a property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the second quarter of 2021. Over the past several weeks, many of us have started to return to a more normal way of living. And with that, we're also starting to return to a normal way of working. In early July, we began returning more employees to our offices for the first phase of our workplace reset initiative. Phase two is set to begin in September with a significantly greater number of returning employees. Many of those employees will be among the first to work in our new seven-story office building, which we're planning to dedicate in September after a 17-month delay. The building is spectacular, and I can't wait to see it filled with activity. As we move through this phased return to our workplace and pilot new ways of working, it's important to note that we'll be learning and adapting as we go. One of the biggest lessons learned over the past 1.5 years is that the human touch transcends physical location. So just as we've been doing since the early days of the pandemic, we're committed to taking a thoughtful and deliberate approach to our decisions. As we pioneer what's next for our workforce delivery, our special culture and unique service model remains at the forefront of everything we do. Turning to our second quarter. I'm excited to announce an exciting milestone with a sure symbol of our continued stability and growth, six million policies in force. We certainly could not have reached this milestone without our hard-working agency force and dedicated sales and underwriting teams. Our study as you will approach to pricing and commitment to long-term profitability positions us well for continued growth as we look to seven million policies in force and a century of service. We had a remarkable first quarter of the year, and I'm pleased to report that those strong financial results are holding steady as we reach the halfway point of 2021. As you saw in our press release filed after the market close yesterday, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $79 million or $1.51 per diluted share for the second quarter. This is compared to a net income of $82 million or $1.57 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2020. In the second quarter of 2021, we grew premium by 3.4%. This increase was largely driven by strong retention and an increase in new written premium of almost 40%. Losses remain at lower-than-normal levels due to a relatively mild spring and continued reduction in driving to the pandemic, contributing to a combined ratio of 92.6% year-to-date. Now I will turn the call over to Greg to expand on our second quarter results. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time today to be a part of the Erie Indemnity second quarter earnings call. As the country continues to move to a more normal way of living, Erie is continuing to see this reflected in our financial results. We are seeing new business growth, but along with that, we are also seeing an increase in claims frequency. That being said, claims activity is still below pre-pandemic levels. You will see, as I share with you the financial results, that Erie remains well positioned for success going forward. Starting with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the second quarter was 3.4%, driven by substantial growth in new business premium, which climbed almost 40% over the prior year. With a combined ratio for the quarter of 97.7%, the Exchange's policyholder surplus grew to $11.7 billion, up $400 million from March 31. Now shifting to Indemnity. In the second quarter, Indemnity generated net income of $79 million or $1.51 per diluted share compared to $82 million or $1.57 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2020. For the first half of 2021, net income was $153 million or $2.92 per diluted share compared to $141 million or $2.70 per diluted share in the first half of 2020. Operating income decreased 6.7% or $6 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter of 2020. Indemnity also saw a decrease in operating income of 8.9% or $16 million for the first six months of this year compared to the first six months of last year. Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $18 million or 3.8% in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter of 2020. While for the first six months of 2021, Indemnity saw an increase of $30 million or 3.3% compared to the first half of 2020. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services decreased $146,000 in the second quarter and was flat in the first half of 2021 compared to the same period last year. Turning to Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services. Commissions increased $15 million in the second quarter and $24 million for the first six months of 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. The increases in agent compensation in both periods were driven by increases in the direct and assumed written premiums of the Exchange and, to a lesser extent, by the increase in agent incentive compensation related to more profitable growth. Non-commission expenses increased $9 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter of 2020. Information technology costs increased by $3 million, driven by increases in hardware and software costs as well as increased personnel costs. Underwriting and policy processing expenses also increased $3 million, primarily due to increased personnel costs and underwriting report costs. Lastly, administrative and other expenses increased $4 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, driven by increased building and equipment depreciation and professional fees. For the first six months of 2021, Indemnity saw an increase in non-commission expenses of nearly $21 million, driven by increases in technology costs of $7 million, underwriting and policy processing expenses of nearly $3 million as well as administrative and other costs of $12 million, primarily driven by increased personnel costs and professional fees compared to the same period in 2020. Income from investments before taxes totaled $16 million in the second quarter and $34 million in the first six months of 2021. The results were primarily driven by equity and earnings of limited partnerships of $6 million and $15 million for the second quarter and first six months of 2021, respectively. I will remind you that the limited partnership asset class is in runoff, and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class in the future. As always, we take a very measured approach to our capital management, and we maintain a strong balance sheet. And for the first six months of 2021, our financial performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders over $96 million in dividends. Thank you again for your time today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. Despite the many challenges faced by our agents and employees over the past 18 months, we haven't missed a beat when it comes to productivity and growth. Our teams continue to execute on initiatives that will make a positive difference for our agents and customers this year and beyond. For over a year, we've been developing and refining the strategy that will bolster our competitive position, focused on expanding our digital capabilities while leveraging Erie's distinctive human touch. That means further strengthening the distinct relationship we have with our agents and broadening our shared digital presence to engage with customers wherever they are using the methods they prefer. Because our agents are critical to the success of this strategy, continuing to grow and nurture our agency force is a top priority moving forward. The newly formed agent recruiting and performance team is focused on just that, recruiting, onboarding and developing new agents and providing ongoing training and support to established agents. Most importantly, the team will be doing so in a way that's right for Erie, making sure that new agents are aligned with our values and share our commitment to service. In recent product developments, we have refreshed our Erie personal umbrella product and pricing, and it's creating tremendous results so far. Umbrella coverage provides protection beyond what auto and home insurance policies cover, and the refreshed product has been rolled out in 10 states. Companywide, new business direct written premium for personal umbrella is up more than 50% year-to-date. Our goal is to have the product in all of our states by the end of 2021. We recognize that a key part of supporting our customers and agents include supporting the communities where we do business, and several recent outreach efforts speak to that ongoing commitment. In April, we introduced new grant opportunities ranging from $25,000 to $150,000 for nonprofits in our hometown of Erie, Pennsylvania that focus on school readiness and after-school activities for children. In May, we announced a $100,000 investment in the minority community investment coalition to support outreach initiatives focused on improving health equity in Erie. Additionally, we awarded $100,000 to 10 nonprofits in Erie and Allentown, Pennsylvania in May through our 2020 Charity Challenge. Though the golf events were canceled last year due to the pandemic, team captains who participated in 2019 voted on nonprofits to share those funds. We're delighted that this year's tournaments will be held as scheduled later this summer. Before we close, I want to share a few accolades earned by Erie since our last call. First, Erie moved up an impressive 29 spots in the 2020 Fortune 500 list of the largest American corporations from 376 to 347 based on total revenue from the 2020 fiscal year. Our ranking among this prestigious group for the past 18 years speaks to Erie's strong financial position and commitment to service. J.D. Power also recognized us in two recent studies. Erie was ranked first for customer satisfaction in the North Central region in the 2021 auto insurance study. In addition, Erie was ranked third for overall customer satisfaction in the midsized automobile insurer segment of the J.D. Power 2021 Insurance Shopping Study. Finally, I'm very pleased to share that Erie's first notice of loss team earned recertification from BenchmarkPortal. This is one of the most respected awards in the customer service and support industry and reflects the team's hard work, commitment and collaboration. As always, I'd like to express my gratitude to our employees and agents for their commitment to being above all in service and to our shareholders for their continued support and trust. Thank you all for listening in today and for your interest in Erie.
End of Q&A:

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: [Call Starts Abruptly] following the recording. Now I would like to introduce your, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for the recorded discussion about our 2021 First Quarter Results. This recording includes remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors may cause these differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated April 29, 2021, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will now move on to Tims remarks. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I hope that you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy. Last week, we held our annual meeting with shareholders, which was conducted virtually for the second time in the companys 96-year history. Thats something we never expected to do more than once after shifting formats in 2020 due to the pandemic. COVID-19 has affected our lives for much longer than any of us anticipated, but we are hopeful that brighter days are ahead and some semblance of a return to normal activity is not too far in the offing. That normalcy includes our efforts to begin returning more employees to the workplace in line with safety considerations and productivity advantages. Turning to our first quarter, Im pleased to report that even after the most tumultuous year, we delivered solid financial results and are well-positioned to continue that strong performance again in 2021. As you saw in our press release filed after the market closed yesterday Erie Indemnity reported net income of $74 million or $1.41 per diluted share for the first quarter. This is compared to a net income of $59 million or $1.13 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2020. In the first three months of 2021, we grew premium by 1.7%. This increase was largely driven by strong retention and growth in total policies in force by 2.8%. The continued impact of the pandemic on driving behaviors and puce of your weather events and our footprint contributed to an outstanding first quarter combined ratio of 87.3%. Well, this positions us well going into the rest of the year. Its important to note that we expect combined ratio will normalize as the economy recovers and driving returns to more historic levels. Now Ill turn the call over to Greg to expand our first quarter results. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to be a part of Erie Indemnitys first quarter 2021 earnings call. I am excited to share with you our financial performance for the quarter. As Tim mentioned, last week we held our 2021 annual shareholders meeting. Although this years meeting was again held in a virtual setting, we established a connection with our shareholders by sharing the many ways we maintained our human touch and a year the challenge that objective immensely. And today, I look forward to connecting with you and sharing our success during the first quarter. Starting with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the first quarter was 1.7%, new business premiums increased 19.7% in the first quarter of 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, while the average premium per policy on new and renewal policies decreased 1.5% driven by the rate reductions on personal and commercial auto policies that began in the third quarter of 2020. Exchanges combined ratio for the quarter was 87.3% and policy holder surplus remains very strong at $11.3 billion, up from $10.7 billion at the end of 2020. Shifting our attention to Indemnity. First quarter 2021 net income was $74 million or $1.41 per diluted share, compared to $59 million or $1.13 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2020. Operating income decreased nearly $10 million or 11.2% in the first quarter of 2021, compared to the first quarter of 2020. Indemnitys management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $12 million or 2.7% to nearly $456 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared to the first quarter of 2020. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services was nearly flat $15 million for the first quarter of 2021, compared to the same period in 2020. Turning to Indemnitys cost of operations related to policy issuance and renewal services. Commissions increased $9 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared to the same period in 2020. This was the result of the 1.7% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange, primarily in lines of business that pay a higher commission rate. And to a lesser extent from increased agent incentive compensation. Non-commission expense increased $12 million in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter of 2020. Information technology costs increased $4 million, primarily due to increased hardware and software costs as well as increased professional fees. Administrative and other expenses increased $9 million, primarily driven by increased professional fees and an increase in incentive plan accruals tied to improved performance metrics in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter of last year. Income from investments before taxes totaled $18 million for the quarter compared to a loss of $9 million during the first quarter of 2020. We recognize $9 million in earnings on our limited partnerships in the first quarter of 2021, while first quarter 2020 results were driven by the COVID-19 pandemic impact on the financial markets. As you can tell from our report this morning, Indemnity is well positioned to face 2021 head on, and I look forward to sharing our success with you this year. Now Ill turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. As our financial results confirmed, were off to a strong start again this year. On our last call, I talked about the many advancements made in 2020 to bolster our competitive position with a substantial focus on augmenting Eries distinctive human touch to greater digital capabilities. In the first three months of 2021, that momentum continued. Online account launched in 2019 gives customers flexibility to do business with us in ways that are most convenient for them. And two new features released in March are further enhancing the customer experience. First, the new paperless billing feature allows customers to opt out of paper billing statements. This feature addresses customer preferences and will lead to a significant cost savings over time. It will also reduce waste and supports our commitment to being a good steward of environmental resources. Customers can also now store payment information securely in their online account digital wallet. This means, they no longer need to reenter a credit card number or other payment method each time they pay, making future payments faster and easier. We continue to expand the use of telematics in response to consumer demand. In March, your turn, our telematics program expanded into Pennsylvania. The program, which tracks driving behaviors and reward safe drivers, already available to drivers in Indiana, Maryland, Ohio, Tennessee, Virginia, Wisconsin and West Virginia. More than 27,000 drivers, including me and my wife are now registered on Eries platform. Our progress in the first quarter comes on the heels an impressive year of product enhancements made in 2020. Together, we anticipate they will strengthen our competitive position in the marketplace, boost our value proposition with customers and reinforce our relationship with the dedicated independent agents, who represent Erie. The results of our recent agent satisfaction survey show that were on the right track on all fronts. This year survey received an unprecedented 99% response rate and satisfaction ratings are up significantly, both overall and across every factor measured in the survey. Agents overall satisfaction with Erie reached an all time high of 8.7 out of 10. And new to the survey this year, agents were asked to rate Eries value proposition, they gave our value proposition and impressive rating of nine. This valuable feedback from our agents reaffirms how committed they are to our shared success. And it will without a doubt lead to even greater collaboration and stronger partnerships moving forward. Before we close, Id like to announce third-party recognition that Erie received just last week. Forbes has named us to its list of Americas best employers for diversity in 2021. And Im proud to say that were ranked 18th out of 500 companies. This is an exciting recognition and a testament to our ongoing efforts to create a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace. Nevertheless, there is most companies in America now recognize a lot more needs to be done. We are committed to continuing this important work in the best interest of our investors, employees, and the communities we serve. As always, Id like to express my gratitude to our employees and agents, their commitment to being above all in service and to our shareholders for their continued support and trust. Thank you for listening in today and for your continued interest in Erie.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
Operator:
A - :
 :

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Companys Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I would like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz. Please go ahead.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2020 fourth quarter and year-end results. This recording includes remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC, dated February 25, 2021, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the fourth quarter of 2020 and our year-end results. I hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe and are ready to move forward positively in 2021. Last year was unlike any other, it demanded a lot from us as individuals and as a company, and it deeply impacted how we live, how we work and how we connect with one another. The culture of Erie has been an incredible asset in helping us get through this together. And I would like to extend my sincere appreciation to the nearly 6,000 employees and 13,000 licensed agents who make up our Erie Family. They adapted seamlessly to the new ways of serving our customers and keeping our business thriving over the course of this uncertain and often challenging year. In March, as the threat of the pandemic became more clear, we equipped more than 95% of our employees to work from home in a matter of days. This was to keep them safe and to reduce the risk of exposure to the small number of dedicated employees whose roles require them to be in the office. I have received countless messages for members of the Erie Family expressing appreciation for the actions we have taken over the past year to keep their well-being a priority. In April, we provided $400 million in financial relief for our personal and commercial automobile customers, including $200 million in policyholder dividends and an overall 5% rate reduction for those policies. After the 2.5 million dividend checks were distributed, we heard from thousands of customers who responded with greeting cards, letters and emails, thanking Erie and our agents. To support communities across our geographic footprint, we provided an additional $2.5 million to agents and branch offices to support charitable work in local communities. Our agents and employees stepped up in good ways to help feed frontline workers and first responders, support local businesses and give money to charities in need. This important work was reflected in nearly 2,000 stories shared on social media. The safety and well-being to our customers, agents, employees and communities has been at the forefront of everything we have done in response to the pandemic. While it is not how any of us expected to spend our 95th year, this balanced and intentional approach reflects just how committed we are to our long-standing principles of service and doing the right thing. Let's move on to our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. As reported in our press release filed after the market closed yesterday, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $63 million or $1.20 per diluted share for the fourth quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, that was an increase of $3 million. Greg will talk in more detail about the financial performance of Erie Indemnity Company in a few minutes. But first, I would like to share some highlights for the year for the Erie Insurance Exchange, the insurance operations that we manage, recognizing that a healthy exchange is an integral part of Indemnity's success. Policyholder surplus of the Exchange grew to $10.7 billion, up almost 1.3 billion for the year, reflecting a disciplined approach to underwriting and a sharpened focus on investments. Over the past 10-years, the Exchange's surplus has more than doubled. This surplus allowed us to provide the policyholder dividend to our automobile customers that I mentioned earlier. In 2020, the Exchange grew property and casualty premium 2% over 2019 to $7.6 billion. Rig reductions led to lower average premium per policy, but total policies grew by a solid 2.1%. On the claims side, our territory saw fewer catastrophic events in 2020 compared to 2019. This, along with an industry-wide reduction in miles driven due to the pandemic, led to below normal losses and a combined ratio of 93.7% compared to 105% at the end of 2019. Despite the challenges faced over the past year in the industry, the country and the world, we are in a strong place financially and well positioned for a successful 2021. This reflects the dedication and adaptability of the agency force and our teams in sales, marketing, underwriting and products, who ensure that growth and production continued through the challenges. And of course, it underscores the strength of Erie's value proposition of protection and service demonstrated by our claims and customer service personnel, who stepped up to serve our customers in new and meaningful ways. I will highlight some of the progress and accomplishments from 2020 in a few minutes, after Greg provides a deeper review of our financials. Greg.
Gregory Gutting: Thank you, Tim. At this time a year ago, I began our year-end discussion by saying that our strong financial performance in 2019 would propel us forward in 2020. Then a month later, our world was turned completely upside down when the COVID-19 pandemic drastically altered our everyday lives and uncertainty of the future became the new normal. Despite the difficulty and challenge that 2020 presented, Erie delivered, and Im proud to share with you our fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial performance. Starting with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the fourth quarter was 1%, driven by strong growth in new business premium, which climbed just over 11% compared to the fourth quarter of last year, while total year direct written premium grew almost 2%. I will remind you that the Exchange implemented $200 million in auto rate reductions that began in July of 2020 and will extend through June of 2021. These rate reductions impacted the rate charged on new and renewal policies. With a combined ratio for the quarter of 94.4% and the strong financial markets, the Exchange's policyholder surplus grew to $10.7 billion from $10 billion at the end of the third quarter. The Exchange's total year combined ratio ended significantly better compared to 2019 at 93.7% compared to 105% a year ago. Shifting our focus to Indemnity, net income was $63 million or $1.20 per diluted share compared to $60 million or $1.14 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2019. 2020 total year net income was $293 million or $5.61 per diluted share compared to $317 million or $6.06 per diluted share in 2019. Operating income in the fourth quarter decreased nearly $4 million or 5.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Comparing year-over-year results, Indemnity's operating income decreased a little over $19 million or 5.4%. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $5 million or 1.2% in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 and $31 million or 1.7% for the total year compared to 2019. The increase for the fourth quarter and for the year were driven by an increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange. The total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased $9 million for the quarter and $51 million for the total year 2020. Commission expenses for the fourth quarter grew $6 million, while the total year commission expense increased nearly $27 million. The fourth quarter was impacted mainly by the growth in the direct and assumed premiums written. However, our total year commission expense was driven by two factors: the increase in written premium as well as the higher agent incentive compensation. The Exchange experienced a significant decrease in automobile claims frequency and related loss expenses beginning in March of 2020. That continued through May of 2020, driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, which contributed to an increase in the profitability component of the agent incentive bonuses. Turning to our non-commission expenses. For the fourth quarter, Indemnity saw an increase of $2.5 million compared to the same period in 2019. Administrative and other expenses increased $2.9 million, primarily driven by an increase in long-term incentive plan costs as well as increased personnel costs. For the total year 2020, non-commission expenses grew over $24 million compared to 2019. Underwriting and policy processing costs increased $6 million, IT costs also saw an increase of $6 million, and administrative and other expenses increased $9 million. All expense categories were impacted by increased personnel costs related to more profitable underwriting results in 2020, that led to higher accruals related to incentive compensation awards. Indemnity's fourth quarter pretax income from investments totaled $14 million, an increase of $7 million compared to the same period in 2019. The growth was driven by an increase in net realized gains of $4 million. For the year, pretax income from investments decreased $7 million compared to 2019. The decrease was driven by lower net investment income compared to 2019 and impairment losses of $3 million. Finally, in 2020, we paid our shareholders dividend in the amount of $273 million, which included a onetime special dividend of $2 per share for Class A shareholders. Also, in December of last year, our Board approved a 7.3% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend for both Class A and Class B shareholders for 2021. Now I will turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. As we enter 2020, we are pleased to deliver on several key initiatives in support of our strategic focus areas: strengthening business platforms and use of data, enhancing the Erie experience, identifying and developing new sources of revenue, and preparing the workforce in the future. The unexpected challenges presented early in the year by the pandemic could have easily upended those plans. But I'm proud to say that our employees and agents stepped up, often exceeding expectations. As I reported in previous calls, we launched and enhanced several products this year. ErieSecure business, we imagine seven legacy products into one single customizable commercial multi-peril product. Agents can get a quote in about seven minutes, and nearly half of the policies are instantly issued without underwriting review. This is a considerable improvement from the days and weeks those tasks took with legacy products. Since the new product rollout in late 2020, ErieSecure business has generated nearly $35 million in written premium and provided protection of nearly 15,000 businesses. ErieExpress Light, a new instant issue term and whole life product, can be quoted, bound and issued during the auto insurance quote and application process without the need for a medical exam or physician statement. More than 2,400 policies were placed in less than four months after it was introduced in August. Erie Rate Lock, which provides customers with an option to lock in their auto rate until they made a qualifying change, was refreshed with more competitive pricing and rolled out in 10 states. Auto conversion rates increased nearly 25%, and applications were up more than 10% in those states. In your term, a product that rewards safe drivers with financial benefits expanded to four additional states, more than 22,000 drivers have registered for your turn in eight states, where it is now offered. Providing customers with greater digital capabilities while maintaining Erie's distinctive human touch continues to be a critical objective. The launch of our new mobile app in September was an important advancement in this area, and it is quickly gathering popularity with customers. More than 75,000 customers downloaded the app in the first three months after its launch. We also expanded our digital capabilities and created greater efficiencies with two new claims tools. Preferred method of inspection uses artificial intelligence to determine the best method of inspection for vehicles, and photo appraisal allows customers to upload pictures of vehicle damage using a mobile device. Both capabilities allow our employees and agents to work smarter and faster, so they can focus on providing a human touch where and when it is needed most. The advancements made during the past year demonstrate our commitment to strengthening our competitive position, creating new sources of revenue and meeting the challenging needs of our customers. It is also a testament to the strong relationships among our employees and agents, which have allowed us to work together seamlessly and be highly productive even at a very different and sometimes challenging environment. The relationships we share with our independent agents are critical to our success, and our annual branch meetings have been an important opportunity to recognize and connect with our agency force for more than 80-years. In 2020, we continued that tradition, just in a different way, nearly 4,500 agents and employees turned in to 18 live virtual events held in October. Just like we do at the inversion events, we reflected on the successes of the year and what is ahead on or award recipients and even had a little fun. While we all miss shaking hands and catching up in person, this spirit of coming together to celebrate our mutual achievements was very much alive at each event. Before I close, I would like to mention a couple of third-party recognitions here received in the fourth quarter of 2020. In October, we received certification as a 2021 Great Place To Work. The designation from Great Places To Work Institute was based on the results of an employee engagement survey conducted in September. It showed that 93% of employees consider Erie to be a great place to work compared to 59% at a typical U.S-based company. In other employer accolades, Forbes named Erie to its list of America's best large employers for 2021, ranking 395 out of 500. Erie is also named Penn State University's Corporate Partner Of The Year in October. The annual award celebrates corporate partners that have demonstrated exceptional commitment and promotion and support and state. Excellent track records, philanthropy and research and active engagement with students and alumni in the workplace and the classroom. And Erie continues to exceed industry and J.D. Power's 2020 Auto Claims Satisfaction study released in October. Our overall satisfaction score of 880 on a 1,000 point scale was eight points above the industry average. We exceeded the industry average in eight of the top 10 key performance indicator categories and scored in the top 10 for first notice of loss, claim servicing, estimation process and settlement. While we all set out to be recognized, these recognitions are not to our enduring commitment to our core values, being above all in service, practicing the golden rule and living the Erie Family spirit. As we begin 2021, our 96th year in business, I would like to once again thank our employees and agents for their dedication and resiliency over the past year and our shareholders who have continued support and trust. The strength and stability of this company, even uncertain times, is truly remarkable, and we couldn't do it without the confidence you place in us. Thank you all for your continued interest in Erie. I hope you and your loved ones stay well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
End of Q&A:

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for todays call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2020 third quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated October 29, 2020, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. And thanks to all of you for taking the time to learn more about Erie's performance in the third quarter of 2020. It's hard to believe it's been more than seven months since COVID-19 changed the way we live and work. All of us at Erie remain grateful to those keeping our healthcare system and economy in good standing by providing essential services. And more recently to the teachers, who are navigating this new and challenging territory over virtually and in the classroom. They're all very deserving of our appreciation and our respect. Here at Erie, more than 95% of our workforce continues to work from home, both for their protection and that of the employees who continue to report to our offices to perform essential duties across our 12-state footprint. I'm proud to echo something I mentioned last quarter, even with this new way of working, our productivity is not wavered. I'm continually impressed with how well our nearly 6,000 employees and 13,000 licensed Erie agents have been able to adapt to new challenges and demands presented by the pandemic. We're continuing to focus on production, innovation, and of course, delivering our trademark service. And while some of our competitors have announced significant workforce reductions over the past few months, we've been able to maintain our 95-year track record of security and stability for our employees through proactive cross-training in areas like underwriting and customer care. Along with our employees, our agents have also been able to maintain profitable growth and production, while adapting to a new way of working. That is evident in our premium growth, which continues to outpace the overall industry, as you learn more about in a few minutes. We're facing a very competitive environment. If the demand for digital capabilities was high before the pandemic now it's reached a fever pitch. Even those weren't necessarily comfortable with digital tools are now using them out of necessity. And all carriers are working to hone their virtual capabilities. While the pandemic has brought digital to the forefront, it also placed a renewed importance on something that can't be found behind the screen and that's the human touch. And the absence of it that human touch has become even more powerful. And along with our employees who embrace our service promise every day, the people who are delivering the human touch to our customers are the independent agents who represent Erie in their local communities. They offer something that many carriers lack but customers crave, our agents and the dedication they had to Erie is the number one thing that sets us apart from our competition. Let's move on to our third quarter financial results. As you saw in our press release filed after the market closed yesterday, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $89 million or a $1.71 per diluted share for the quarter. As I noted earlier, despite the competitive and challenging environment we face this year, we are outpacing the industry and premium growth while Conning has forecasted industry premium growth of 0.3% for 2020, we currently stand at 2% for the year. Once again, this is a testament to the hard work and agility of our sales team and agency force, who remained focused on profitable growth and retention over the past several months. On the claim side, losses remained below normal levels. This stems from a relatively uneventful summer in terms of weather events across our territory, as well as an industry-wide reduction in miles driven. Overall, our financial position remains solid despite the unprecedented year of change we're experiencing nationally and globally. I'll talk more about progress on some key products and initiatives in a few minutes after Greg's review of the financials, Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks Tim. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time today to be a part of the Erie Indemnity Companys third quarter earnings call. Last quarter, I spoke to you about Erie continually delivering superior performance even when facing a global pandemic. I spoke to you regarding our duty to provide best-in-class products for our agents, a safe work environment for our employees and strong financial performance for our shareholders. I can proudly say that through the amazing examples Tim has provided and the financials that I will address we have yet again, delivered in each area for our key stakeholders, even in a time of immense uncertainty. This month, Erie reached a major milestone, celebrating 25 years on the NASDAQ stock exchange. We are proud of the success and the growth that we have achieved, not only for our company, but for our shareholders as well. Thank you for your continued investment in Erie. Now I'd like to share with you our third quarter results. Starting with the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the third quarter was 2% driven by strong growth in new business premium, which climbed 10% over the prior year, with a combined ratio for the quarter of 89.6%. The Exchange's policyholder surplus grew to almost $10 billion, up substantially from $9.4 billion in the previous quarter. Now shifting to the Indemnity Company, in the third quarter, Indemnitys net income was $89 million or $1.71 per diluted share, compared to $94 million or $1.80 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2019. For the first nine months of 2020, net income was $231 million or $4.41 per diluted share, compared to $257 million or $4.92 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2019. Operating income before taxes decreased 9.1% or $10 million in the third quarter of 2020, compared to the third quarter of 2019. Indemnity also saw a decrease in operating income before taxes of 5.4% or $16 million in the first nine months of this year, compared to the same period in 2019. Indemnitys management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $10 million or 2.1% in the third quarter of 2020, compared to the third quarter of 2019. While for the first time months of 2020, Indemnity saw an increase of $26 million or 1.9%, compared to the first nine months of 2019. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services increased $500,000 in the third quarter and $1.9 million in the first nine months of 2020, compared to the same periods in 2019. Turning to Indemnitys cost of operations, commissions increased $6 million in the third quarter and $20 million for the first nine months of 2020, compared to the same periods in 2019. The increases in the agent compensation in both the third quarter and year-to-date were driven by the growth in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange, as well as increased incentive awards due to improved profitability, resulting from lower automobile claims in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Non-commission expense increased $13 million in third quarter of 2020, compared to the third quarter of 2019. Underwriting and policy processing expense increased $3 million, primarily due to increases in personnel costs and the underwriting report costs. Information technology costs increased by $1 million, also driven by increased personnel costs; administrative and other costs increased $9 million, primarily driven by increases in our incentive plan award accruals due to the Exchanges lower combined ratio and an increase in the company stock price in the third quarter of this year, compared to a decrease in the company stock price in the third quarter of 2019. Year-to-date for 2020 Indemnity saw an increase in non-commissioned expenses of nearly $22 million. Increases in technology costs of $6 million were driven by personnel costs, professional fees, as well as hardware and software costs. Underwriting and policy processing expenses increased $6 million due to increases in personnel costs and underwriting report costs. And finally administrative and other expenses increased a little over $6 million in the first nine months, primarily driven by increases in personnel costs and professional fees. Increased personnel costs in all categories included higher incentive plan awards due to the exchanges lower combined ratio and higher vacation accruals as employees took less vacation in the first nine months of 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Income from investments before taxes totaled $16 million in the third quarter and $19 million in the first nine months of 2020. The investment results for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2020 were driven by the COVID-19 pandemic impact on the financial markets. In closing, despite the uncertainty and volatility created by the pandemic, your company continues to deliver strong financial results, which has enabled us to pay our shareholders nearly $135 million in dividend this year. Thank you again for your time today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. As I touched on earlier, our teams have been doing an amazing job of executing on several key initiatives even in this adapted environment. Just in the last quarter, we've significant progress on some new products and services that will improve the way we work with our agents and provide service to our customers. One of the most notable was the release of a new mobile app in September. Using the mobile app, Erie customers can access their policy information and insurance ID cards, view the status of a claim, check their billing activity, make a payment or get in touch with their agent. A team of employees and agent task force members collaborated on bringing this tool to the market. Throughout every step of the apps design and construction, they tested it with both agents and customers, gathered feedback and implemented changes accordingly. This resulted in a highly user-friendly tool that is quickly gaining traction with customers. In the first month, the app had more than 10,000 downloads. Turning to product updates in late August, we started the rollout of Eries new single product solution for commercial multi-peril, Erie Secure business. Seven standalone legacy policies have been reimagined into one single powerful product delivered on the streamline interface of Erie's commercial quote application and service or QAS system. Agents can quote bind and issue a new policy in less than nine minutes, exceeding our goal for turnaround time. Agents in Tennessee were the first tab access and in just the first month, more than 80% of agencies across the state quoted this new product. Earlier this month, the product was introduced in four more States North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. Agents in the remaining States will be quoting Erie Secure business in November. We also rolled out a new life product in August. Erie express light is an instant issue life insurance product that can be quoted bound and issued during the auto insurance quote and application process. This can be done in just five to 10 minutes without the need for a medical exam or a physician statement. This product opens up a whole new avenue for agents to start those critical conversations about life insurance, it makes it simple and straightforward for customers to get protection for themselves and for their loved ones. Our refreshed and a more competitive Erie Rate Lock product continues to rollout and is now being offered by agents in eight States. Erie Rate Lock provides customers the ability to lock in their auto rate until they've made a qualifying change. This refresh along with reduction auto insurance rates overall creates an even stronger long-term competitive position for our agents to support both new and renewal business. As reported in our second quarter, early results are positive. Applications are up more than 10% in States, where the new Rate Lock is offered. We're also pleased to report that the conversion of more than 850,000 legacy home protector policies to the new Erie Secure Home product is more than 90% complete. Converting these policies creates greater efficiencies for agents and employees, while also giving existing customers access to Erie Secure Homes industry leading bumbled coverages, including underground service line and equipment breakdown coverage. Pandemic has prompted us to reflect on what matters most at Erie. And the racial inequity and social justice issues that have taken on greater urgency in the public consciousness have prompted us to reflect on how we're promoting and pursuing diversity, equity and inclusion, both on our teams and in our customer base. One way we're taking action on this is through a diversity production incentive offer introduced to our agency force in August. Although the program had been more than a year in the making, the current climate across the country serves as a reminder of how important and relevant it is. To participate in the program, agencies develop and share business plan is focused on growing diversity in their team or customer base through marketing efforts, community activities, networking initiatives or hiring additional staff. If approved, they receive funding to support these efforts with the potential for loan forgiveness, if they're successful. It's important to mention that this program is focused on all aspects of diversity, race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, age, physical abilities, and more. It didn't take long for our agents to get on board. We began approving agencies for the program within just two weeks of the announcement, starting in Ohio, where one agency is using this financial support to fund marketing focused on the strong local LGBTQ community. I'm proud that our agents are eager to step up and do the work to ensure that we have a rich and diverse workforce and that we're meeting the unique needs of every customer. I'm looking forward to seeing the great things our agency force does with this program. Before we close, I want to share a few recognitions and third-party accolades. First I'd like to congratulate Ron Habursky, who was appointed Senior Vice President of Investments and Chief Investment Officer. Ron has been with Erie 21 years and most recently served as Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager of fixed income portfolios. Ron was instrumental in building out Erie's alternative investment portfolio and brings to his new role and extensive background in both fixed income and equity investments. I'm pleased to announce that Erie has been recognized on Forbes inaugural list of America's best in state insurance companies. And is one of only a few carriers earn awards in all five product categories, auto, homeowners, renters, term life and permanent life insurance. Also Money magazine named Erie its top pick for comprehensive renter's insurance, noting that we offer several policy bundles that combine our base renter's policy with a variety of endorsements. We were also honored this month to be named among America's best customer service companies for 2021 in Newsweek magazine. These recognitions are a nod to our enduring commitment to our finding purpose. To provide our policyholders with his near perfect protection and his near perfect service as humanly possible and to do so at the lowest possible cost. As we move into the final quarter of this, our 95 anniversary, I'd like to say how grateful I am for the dedication and resiliency of our employees and agents and for the continued support and trust of our shareholders. While we continue to face uncertain times, the strength and stability this company continues to demonstrate is a point of distinction and pride for me and I hope for all of you. Thank you all for your continued interest in Erie, I hope you and your loved ones stay well.
Q - :
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Companys Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call was pre-recorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, Id like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz. You may proceed.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2020 second quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated July 30, 2020, and in the related press release. This pre-recorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tims remarks.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. And thank you everyone for your time today and your interest in Eries second quarter results. Before we talk about our quarterly financials, I want to touch on a couple of topics that are certainly top of mind for us, as a business, and more importantly, as people. First, the pandemic. As the coronavirus spread and states have opened up quickly, all of us at Erie remain grateful to the healthcare professionals and essential workers, who deliver every day with great courage and caring. Some of the actions weve taken regarding remote work have been taken to protect our employees and help stem the spread of the disease and its impact on the healthcare system in our communities. While the majority of our 6,000 employees continue to work remotely, we have a few hundred essential workers who remain onsite throughout our 12-state footprint. These are the employees maintaining our network and data systems, facilities and construction teams, and handling cash processing and other critical functions that can only be performed on site. Together with more than 13,000 Erie licensed agents, our employees, wherever theyre working, are consistently delivering on Eries promise of service throughout these trying times. As I shared with you in May, our support for customers includes $400 million in financial relief for our personal and commercial automobile customers. This included $200 million in policyholder dividends and an overall 5% rate reduction for those policies. We mailed $2.5 million dividend checks addressed for more than 1,400 customers, who responded with greeting cards, letters and emails, thanking Erie and our agents. Most [note of the check] [ph] which average about $75, made a meaningful difference from helping with the weekly grocery bill to affirming their decision doing business with Erie. I wanted to share one comment from a customer in Wisconsin. Not only did the dividend check, bring a smile on my face, it looks like a ray of sunshine. That may seem flowery, she wrote, but with all thats going on in our country, it made my day brighter. That customer also told us that shes giving away her dividend to a local food pantry to help her neighbors hit especially hard by the pandemic and financial crisis, whos actually one of many customers who said they would pay it forward and donate their dividend to the pandemic relief efforts. Our agents have stepped up in big ways too, with more than $2 million in community relief funding from Erie bolstering our efforts, our agents help, be it, frontline workers and first responders, support local businesses and give money to charities in need. This important work was reflected in nearly 2,000 stories they hear on social media. Our employees and agents all share a deep belief in service and caring and in doing the right things, both in our community and the work we do every day as we grow our business and serve our customers. Before we move into the financials, I want to address the dialogue that is occurring across our country and within our communities around race and racism. Its a conversation that was happening in Erie as well with employees across the organization as we broaden perspectives and create positive change in our workplace and in our communities. Those conversation, we are committed to continuing. At Erie, we do not tolerate racism or other forms of discrimination of any kind within our employment or agency force. We believe in promoting environment of mutual respect. Put simply, we believe in the golden rule, we strive to treat all people with dignity and respect each of us deserves. Thank you. Its important to me that you know where we stand. Lets move on to the second quarter in the year financial results. As you saw in our press release, filed July 30, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $82 million or $1.57 per diluted share for the second quarter. Like the rest of property/casualty industry, our second quarter results reflected the combined impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related financial crisis. I am confident in our response, in our support of agents and customers, and our ability to continue to grow, albeit in a slower pace as we adapt to the current normal. Our productions continue to rebound as our agents with the help of our sales team have adjusted to this new way of working, and are once again focused on growth. Losses remain below normal levels stemming from a relatively mild screening across our territory and industry-wide reduction in miles driven. And overall, our financial position remains extremely solid despite the tumultuous fear our country and our world has experienced. Ill talk more about our progress on key initiatives in a few minutes after Greg provides a deeper review of our financials. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time today to be a part of the Erie Indemnity second quarter earnings call. Throughout Eries 95 years of operations, weve faced many challenges, including things outside of our control, like the pandemic. Through all these challenges our focus is on consistent delivery of superior service and products for our customers and agents; a superior work environment for our employees; and most relevant to todays discussion, delivery of superior financial performance to our shareholders. Starting with the exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the second quarter was 0.5% driven by strong growth in renewal premium, which climbed almost 3% over the prior year. With a combined ratio for the quarter of 95.7% and the improved financial markets experienced during the second quarter, the exchanges policyholder surplus grew to $9.4 billion, up substantially from $8.8 billion in the previous quarter. Now, shifting to Indemnity. In the second quarter, Indemnitys net income was $82 million or $1.57 per diluted share, compared to $88 million or $1.68 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2019. For the first half of 2020, net income was $141 million or $2.70 per diluted share compared to $163 million or $3.12 per diluted share in the first half of 2019. Operating income decreased 5.6% or $5 million in the second quarter of 2020, compared to the second quarter of 2019. Indemnity also saw a decrease in operating income of 3.2% or $6 million for the first 6 months of this year, compared to the first 6 months of last year. Indemnitys management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $3 million or 1% in the second quarter of 2020, compared to the second quarter of 2019. For the first 6 months of 2020, Indemnity saw an increase of $16 million or 2% compared to the first half of 2019. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services increased $600,000 in the second quarter and $1.4 million in the first half of 2020 compared to the same periods in 2019. Turning to Indemnitys cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services, commissions increased $5 million in the second quarter and $14 million for the first 6 months of 2020 compared to the same periods in 2019. The increases in agent compensation in both periods were primarily driven by the increased incentive awards due to improved profitability resulting from lower claims activity in 2020. Also contributing to the increased commission costs for the first 6 months of 2020 was the 2% growth in the direct and affiliate assumed premiums written by the exchange. Non-commission expense increased $4 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to the second quarter of 2019. Information technology costs increased by $2 million, driven by increases in professional fees and hardware-and-software costs, primarily to support remote work capabilities for our employees. Sales and advertising costs increased by $2 million, primarily driven by a new program to support agent charitable giving in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. For the first 6 months of 2020, Indemnity saw an increase in the non-commission expense of nearly $9 million, driven by increases in technology costs of $5 million, underwriting and policy processing expenses of nearly $3 million, and sales and advertising costs of $2 million. All expense categories in our non-commission expenses record increased personnel costs, stemming from increased vacation expense accruals related to employees canceling or postponing vacations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Administrative and other expenses decreased a little over $2 million in the first 6 months, primarily driven by a decrease in long-term incentive plan costs due to a smaller increase in the companys stock price during the first 6 months of 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. Income from investments before taxes totaled $12 million in the second quarter and $2 million in the first 6 months of 2020. Both the second quarter and the first 6 months of 2020 were impacted by market volatility brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. In closing, I want to reiterate that we continue to take a measured approach to capital management and diligently maintain a strong balance sheet. And for the first 6 months of 2020, our solid performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders nearly $90 million in dividends. Thank you again for your time today. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. With the strong financial position, Erie remains well equipped for continued investment in our operations, our service capabilities and in our competitive position, which is critical as economic contraction continues. Our teams continue to execute on initiatives that will make a positive difference for our agents and customers this year and beyond. One of the most significant deliveries planned for this year will come in August with the launch of the streamlined commercial multi-peril product called [re-secure the business] [ph]. In addition to new coverages, the product will come with a new platform that will create efficiencies for Erie and our agents. Customers will have the benefit of an easy to understand package of protection, valuable risk management services and claim support. Starting next month, Erie Family Life will introduce a new instant issue life insurance product that provides our agents with easy to sell, competitive term and whole life product options to complement a personal auto policy. Point of Sale for the product will occur within an agents workflow recording a personal auto policy or endorsement, which we believe will empower more agents to sell life insurance to more customers. We continue to roll out, refresh Erie Rate Lock product to customers in more states. As of June 30, agents in 4 states were offering this more competitive product, which provides customers, the ability to lock in their auto rate until theyve made a qualifying change. This refresh along with plans to reduce auto insurance rates overall, create an even stronger long-term competitive position for our agents to support both new and renewal business. Early results were positive. Applications were up 10% in states where the new Erie Rate Lock is offered. We also continue to evolve our service offerings to ensure that we meet our customers where they are, and in the ways they want to receive service. We recognize that for many customers that can change by the need of the day, even by the hour. One enhancement weve seen, take on greater importance in recent months is ePay. This service delivers claims payments directly to customers bank accounts in as little as 30 minutes. And Erie was one of the first insurers to offer this option. And just recently, we hit a milestone with more than $100 million in claims payments made through ePay. That sum reflects more than 35,000 transactions, which we expect will continue to grow. Currently, more than 1 in 4 eligible claims is now paid through ePay. Before we close, I want to share a few accolades earned by Erie since our first quarter call. First, Erie moved up 5 spots in the 2020 Fortune 500 list of the largest American corporations from 381 to 376, based on total revenue from the 2019 fiscal year. Our ranking among this prestigious group for the past 17 years, speaks to Eries strong financial position and our commitment to service. Additionally, the credit rating agency, AM Best, affirm the financial strength rating of A+ Superior for the property/casualty numbers of Erie insurance group. Erie has retained at least an A+ rating for more than 80 years in a row. Our ratings from AM Best reflect Eries strong balance sheet and operational performance. In addition to favorable risk business profile and appropriate enterprise risk management. The agency also affirmed the A Excellent of Erie Family Life Insurance Company. Lastly, Im very pleased to share that Erie Center of Excellence team earned certification from BenchmarkPortal. This is one of the most respected awards in the customer service and support industry. The certification reflects the teams hard work, commitment to collaboration with our customer care and First Notice Of Loss call center teams to bring stronger data-driven decision making. Both of these areas, customer care and First Notice Of Loss also holds certifications from BenchmarkPortal creating a trifecta of superior service. In closing, these are unusual times [to be for.] [ph] I couldnt be more proud of our team at Erie and our agents for their commitment and hard work and adaptability during these times. It makes a difference for all of us associated with Erie. Thank you for your continued interest in Erie. Please take care and stay safe.
Q - :
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2020 first quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our Web site, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC, dated May 7, 2020, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. And thanks to all of you for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the first quarter of 2020. I hope you and your loved ones are healthy and staying safe. These last few months have demanded a lot from all of us, deeply impacting how we live, how we work, and how we connect with one another. Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the pandemic. I want to extend our sincere appreciation to those serving on the frontlines, the first responders and healthcare providers, and to the workers on the job every day making sure we have deliveries, food, and other necessities. I also want to express my gratitude to our nearly 6,000 employees and the 13,000 license agents who make up the Erie family. As members of an essential industry, all of us have adapted, and adapted quickly to new ways of working and serving our customers. Every day our agents and customer care team have challenging conversations with our customers. Some have lost loved ones. Others are no longer working or are facing the potential loss of the business they built. These complex situations not only require a high level of care and empathy, which our agents and employees are showing, but also actions that will give our customers some relief and piece of mind in these uncertain times. I'd like to talk more about how we're doing that before we get into Erie's performance for the first quarter. Next week, we'll start mailing policyholder dividends to our personal auto and commercial auto customers, providing roughly $200 million in immediate financial relief. The divided reflects the significant decline in both miles driven and auto insurance claims that we've seen across our territory due to stay-at-home directives. This immediate relief represents about 35% of the customers' auto insurance premiums over a two-month period or a 5% of their annual premium. The average annual premium per personal auto policy is $1,400. So that provides eligible customers an average dividend of $70. The dividend is in addition to the rate reductions in personal and commercial auto insurance which we announced last month. The overall rate reduction is 5%, so the impact will vary by state and individual customer. These reductions are being implemented state by state, and most will be effective in the third quarter with a few states following in Q4. Through the dividends and rate reductions we're providing our customers a combined total of $400 million in both immediate relief and sustained support. These actions build on the long-standing efforts of our agents and customer care team who are working with customers one on one, offering flexibility in billing and payments as well as the protection that meets their individual needs. We believe this multipronged approach makes a more meaningful different for our customers. We've received a lot of customer feedback affirming this. A long-time customer from Pennsylvania wrote, "My customer rep was very understanding of my concerns. He helped me change my payment plan to monthly, which I felt would be easier to budget. I have been an Erie customer for almost 30 years, and appreciate their shared values and efforts during this time of uncertainty." Our comprehensive package of relief doesn't end with our customers. We're also providing additional financial support for the communities we serve. We recently increased the amount of funding available to our field office and to our agents to support charitable giving across our footprint. In our hometown of Erie, Pennsylvania, where a leading partner in a fund established to support nonprofit organizations helping local residents impacted by the pandemic. All in, Erie has provided almost $2.6 million to charitable works throughout our territories, since March. Our agents and employees have stepped up in big ways too, feeding first responders and healthcare workers in partnership with local restaurants. Some have purchased gift cards to give to those on the frontlines, while also supporting businesses and their community. Many have donated cash and much needed supplies, like facemasks. While the majority of our workforce is now remote, our claims teams continue to serve customers in the field, and the limited number of essential employees are reporting to our offices across our footprint. These employees are performing work critical to our operations, and we believe that extra level of commitment should be rewarded. We are providing up to an extra $500 in biweekly compensation for these employees. Lastly, we have extended assistance to our agents to help maintain agency revenue through our commission protection program. The program provides an interest-free loan to fill the gap between Erie commissions earned in March, and those earned in April, May, and June. These immediate and long-term actions to support our customers, agents, employees, and communities are guided by our 95-year commitment to being above all in service. We are very fortunate to have a strong financial foundation that allows us to offer that support when it's needed the most. I'll talk more about our response to the pandemic and progress on key initiatives in a few minutes, following Greg's review of the financials. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning everyone and thank you for your time today. I am happy to be sharing with you today the first quarter financial results for Erie Indemnity Company. Before I begin, I'd like to comment on the obvious. These are unprecedented times, and it is in times such as these that our above all in service mantra is earned. Tim shared with you earlier the many ways in which we are responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. I want to assure you that because of the financial strength of both the Erie Insurance exchange and Erie Indemnity Company, we are well-positioned to continue our mission in support of our customers, agents, employees and shareholders in this difficult time. In fact, on April 20, the Board of Directors again approved the quarterly dividend of 96-and-half cents per Class A share to be paid in July. Also on April 20, Erie Indemnity Company held its 95th annual shareholders meeting because of the current state home order in place in Pennsylvania. We held this year's meeting virtually, although the meeting had a very different feel than years past. The message of continued outstanding financial results and superior financial strength were the same. Now let's turn our focus to the first quarter results for 2020. Starting with the exchange, the insurance operations we manage, direct written premium growth for the first quarter was 3.5%. While the combined ratio for the quarter was 95%. The exchange's policyholder surplus remains strong at $8.8 billion, down from $9.5 billion at the end of 2019, due to unrealized losses in the investment portfolio. Now shifting to Indemnity, first quarter 2020 net income was $59 million, or $1.13 per diluted share, compared to $75 million, or $1.44 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2019. Operating income decreased $400,000 or 0.5% in the first quarter of 2020, compared to the first quarter of 2019, as the growth in total operating revenue fell just short of the growth in total operating expenses. Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $13 million, or 3% to $444 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to the first quarter of 2019. Management fee revenue allocated to administrative services increased $1 million, or 5.9% to nearly $15 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to the same period last year. Turning to Indemnity's cost of operations related to policy issuance and renewal services, commissions increased $9 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to the first quarter of 2019. This was a result of the 3.5% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange. Non-commission expense increased $5 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to the first quarter 2019. Underwriting policy processing expense increased $3 million, primarily due to increased personnel costs and underwriting report cost. Information technology costs increased $3 million, primarily due to increased professional fees and personnel costs. Administrative and other expenses decreased $2 million, primarily driven by a decrease in the long-term incentive plan cost due to a decrease in the company stock price in the first quarter of 2020, compared to an increase in the first quarter of 2019. Losses from investments before taxes totaled $9 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to income of nearly $10 million in the first quarter of 2019. Net realized losses were $11 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to net realized gains of $2.5 million in the first quarter of 2019. The losses were driven by decreases in the fair value of equity securities due to significant financial market volatility, resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Net impairment losses of $3 million in the first quarter of 2020 were also driven by the COVID-19 pandemics impact on the financial markets. Losses from limited partnerships were almost $4 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to losses of $1 million in the first quarter of last year. In closing, I want to reiterate what I mentioned earlier. We are positioned well to handle these trying times. Through our nearly 6000 employees and over 13,000 agents across our footprint, Erie Indemnity will remain above all-in-service. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim. Tim?
Tim NeCastro: Thanks Greg. COVID-19 has presented challenges unlike anything many of us experienced or expected, but with our strong financial position, as Greg just reported, we have a lot working in our favor at Erie. We now have the benefit of being past the initial surprise that came in March when much of the United States was directed to stay at home. We've since become accustomed to the rhythm of change and uncertainty. Over the past several weeks, we've shown how well we can respond and adapt. Within just one week in March, we grew our remote workforce from 34% to 95%. Ours is an essential industry. And well we and our agents have continued operations and service to our customers. We are seeing impacts on our business as a result of the pandemic. Starting with the top line, we like the rest of the property, casualty industry expect pressure on premium growth in 2020 due to the economic challenges. We're delivering on plans to shore up our competitive position in the auto insurance market. We also continue to invest in key initiatives to support our agent's growth with Erie. I'll talk more about some of those efforts and early results in a moment. As always, we continue to be disciplined in our spending and we'll make decisions that protect our strong financial foundation. The other piece of our financial picture impacted by COVID-19 is our losses. Some states have made moves to expand the scope of business interruption and workers compensation to provide coverage for COVID-19 related losses, we continue to monitor those efforts and are working closely with our industry partners like the American Property Casualty Insurance Association, to make sure that our lawmakers and regulators have the complete understanding of the insurance model and the impacts of their decisions. Our commercial customers and our agents are all small business owners. We understand the challenges they face daily and the pain they're feeling now. We are doing what we can to help and continue to consider additional support through this difficult and unprecedented time. It is critical that Erie and our industry retain a strong financial foundation so that we can be there for our customers with the protection and service we promise in every policy. I'm really proud of our team, our employees, and agents for coming together and adapting quickly to this new environment. In addition to the financial support I talked about earlier, we're enhancing some of our existing products and processes to create new opportunities for serving customers. For a limited time, Erie Family Life, or life insurance operation is offering many applicants a past life insurance coverage without the requirement of an in person paramedical exam. To date, 1,450 customers have exercised the offer. For customers with our ErieSecure Home Insurance coverage, we're now providing reimbursement for gift card balances that can no longer be used if a business closes. This enhancement is being added at no additional cost. We recently expanded digital capabilities for our customers so that requests for less complex changes can be made online. This expansion builds on Erie's Online Account platform which continues to gain more and more active customers, providing additional self service capabilities has also helped increase the capacity of our customer care team to focus on more complex customer needs. We'll be taking this capability to agents next. In late January, we introduced a refresh of our Erie Rate Lock product in Pennsylvania. In February, in March alone, Pennsylvania auto applications were up 14% over last year, giving us a strong start in our largest state for premium volume. Rate Lock offers customers the ability to lock in their auto insurance rate until they've made a qualifying change. The Refresh provides a more competitive rate to help our agents pursue new business while we adhere to our steady pricing philosophy and underwriting discipline. Agents in Ohio, Tennessee, and West Virginia recently started quoting Refresh Rate Lock pricing with a positive initial response. Additional states will gain the same benefit throughout the year. We're confident that the Refresh coupled with the auto insurance rate reductions I mentioned earlier, will create an even stronger long-term competitive position for our agents to support both new and renewal business. Additionally, we remain on track to deliver new products and an enhanced experience for agents and customers in both commercial lines and life insurance. In commercial lines, we're working towards delivery of the streamlined commercial multi-peril product starting in September. The products will include new coverages and employ a new platform creating efficiencies for Erie and our agents. For our commercial customers, the product will provide an easy to understand package a protection, backed by support for risk management, and peace of mind that the right protections and service are there when needed. Family Life is making strong progress on a transactional Term Life product written in a process similar to personal lines, for customers they will have an opportunity to protect loved ones financial well being and a fast, easy process and at a price point that fits most budgets. Last month, we marked a significant milestone in Erie's history, our 95th anniversary, but these aren't normal times. And along with other gatherings, events and flights in general, our plans for a celebration are on hold. This pandemic has changed so many aspects of how we live and work. What it hasn't done though is dampen the Erie family spirit. I've seen amazing things happen in Erie over these past several weeks. We've more than doubled our remote workforce. Our customer care team has shown an extremely high level of compassion for our customers facing hardships. Our claims employees continue the necessary work to serve our customers and across Erie, we continue to challenge ourselves to do the right thing for our employees, our agents, our customers, our communities and our shareholders. I say this often, and I say it, because I truly believe it. We're all in this together, and we'll get through this together. Thank you for your continued interest in Erie. Take care, and stay safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
End of Q&A:

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Companys Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2019 fourth quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 27, 2020, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks everyone for your interest in Eries performance in the fourth quarter of 2019 and our year-end results. Your company has ended the year with solid financials, well equipped to take on the New Year, our 95th year of operations. In our press release filed yesterday, we reported net income of $60 million, or $1.14 per diluted share for the fourth quarter. Comparing the fourth quarter of 2019 to 2018, we saw a decrease in net income of nearly $3 million. However, for the total year 2019, we increased that income by nearly $29 million compared to 2018 driven by strong operating and investment income. Greg will talk in more detail about the financial performance of Erie Indemnity Company. But first, I'd like to share some highlights for the year for the Erie Insurance Exchange, the insurance operations we manage, recognizing that a healthy exchange is an integral part of Indemnitys success. In 2019, the exchange grew property/casualty premium by 5.2% over 2019 to $7.5 billion. This result exceeds Conning's industry growth forecast of 4.6%, making 12 straight years that Eries premium growth has outpaced the industry. Driving Eries premium growth was a combination of strong retention and higher average premium per policy, particularly in our commercial lines business. Eries growth this past year came against the backdrop of a highly competitive market, as Ive shared on past calls. Pricing indices for the industry show that 2019 saw one of the softest markets for auto insurance in the past two decades. At Erie, we maintained a consistent sustainable approach that reinforces our reputation for reliability and stability and we make pricing decisions with care and a focus on long-term profitability. Both our customers and agents appreciate that stability as reflected in our strong retention rates consistently at or above 90%. Finally, we saw a continued improvement in weather related losses throughout the second half of the year. While catastrophe related claims were more in line with what we experienced in 2018, last year's active spring storm season and the higher severity of those claims drove up increased losses in 2019. The exchange end of the year with a combined ratio of 105 compared to 103 in 2018. Erie continued to grow policyholder surplus to $9.5 billion, up nearly $900 million for the year. That growth reflects strong investment returns. Erie's growth in a tough market reflects the drive and determination of our agents and our teams in sales, marketing, underwriting and products and of course the strength of Erie's value proposition and protection and service demonstrated by our claims and customer service personnel. I want to recognize and thank our agents and employees for their hard work this past year. Theyve delivered in meaningful ways for our customers, our company and our communities. Erie's results of operations and balance sheet are healthy and positioned us well for a successful 2020. I'll talk more about our 2019 progress in a few moments following Greg's review of the financials. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. As Tim mentioned, we saw a solid performance during 2019 and we are positioned to have a successful 95th year in 2020 despite a continued challenging market. I am pleased to share with you both the quarterly and year-end results. Starting with the fourth quarter of 2019, net income was $60 million, or $1.14 per diluted share, compared to $62 million, or $1.19 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Although the fourth quarter saw operating revenue increased $20 million, operating income in the quarter decreased $6 million, down 8.1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $17 million, or 4.1%, in the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by a 4.1% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written of the exchange while total cost of operations from policy issuance and renewal services increased $23 million for the quarter. Commission expenses increased $10 million as a result of the 4.1% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange. Non-commission expenses increased $13 million in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Information technology cost increased $6 million due to increased professional fees and hardware and software costs. Administrative and other expenses increased $5 million, primarily due to increased personnel costs, as well as several multi-year commitments we made during the quarter to support community development initiatives. And lastly, underwriting and policy processing costs increased $2 million due to elevated underwriting report costs and other policy acquisition costs. Total pretax investment income in the quarter was nearly $7 million, up $2 million compared to the same period in 2018 driven by an increase in net realized gains on investments. Turning to the full year 2019 results, net income was $317 million, or $6.06 per diluted share, compared to $288 million, or $5.51 per diluted share in 2018. Operating income before taxes increased $13 million, or 3.8%, in 2019 compared to 2018. Management fee revenue earned on the direct and assumed premiums written of the exchange increased $94 million, or 5.3% for the year. Commissions paid to our independent agents increased $41 million in 2019 compared to 2018 resulting from a 5.2% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange, somewhat offset by lower agent incentive awards related to less profitable business. Non-commission expenses in 2019 increased nearly $40 million compared to 2018. Underwriting and policy processing costs increased $6 million and the information technology costs increased $23 million due to an increase in professional fees and hardware and software costs. Customer service costs increased $3 million due to an increase in credit card processing fees as well as personnel costs. Finally, administrative and other expenses increased $11 million driven by an increase in long-term incentive plan costs due to a higher company stock price in 2019 compared to 2018 as well as several multi-year commitments we made to support community development initiatives. The increase in non-commission expenses was slightly offset by a decrease in sales and advertising expenses of $3.2 million. Income from investments on a pretax basis totaled $40 million for the year compared to $26 million in 2018. The positive results were driven primarily by an increase in net realized gains of $8 million compared to 2018 as well as a $3 million increase in net investment income. Lastly, in 2019, we paid our shareholders dividends in the amount of $168 million and in December of last year, our board approved a 7.2% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend for both Class A and Class B shares for 2020. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. We coupled our strong 2019 financials with steady progress on key initiatives during 2019. We continue to invest in our areas of focus as I've shared on each of our calls this past year. These four areas are critical to our future success while we build on our longstanding business model and our deep commitment to service. Those four areas are first strengthening our business platforms and use of data; second, continuing to enhance the Erie experience we create for our customers, agents and employees; third, identifying and developing new sources of revenue; and four, preparing the workforce for the future. We've invested heavily in platforms and data and the Erie experience, two areas of focus that are closely linked. Stronger platforms and use of data enables us to enhance the experience of our customers, agents and employees. Our recent accomplishments include moving nearly half of our legacy homeowners policies online to our contemporary ErieSecure Home product. This was an ongoing transition that is creating new efficiencies for Erie and our agents, while also expanding coverage options for customers. The transition has been largely seamless. We also accelerated delivery of a refreshed Rate Lock product in personal auto. Rate Lock offers customers the ability to lock in their auto insurance rate until they've made a qualifying change. With this refresh, Rate Lock will allow us to provide a more competitive rate to support our agents in pursuing new business more aggressively, while we adhere to steady as you go pricing philosophy and sound underwriting principles. Agents in Pennsylvania, our largest premium volume state, began quoting the refreshed product in January and early indications are positive. The new version of Rate Lock will be rolled out to additional States throughout the year. Well, 2019 was a busy year for claims handling. It was also a year of reshaping the claims experience to better meet the needs of our agents and customers as we integrated digital capabilities with a human touch that is distinctly Erie. On last quarter's call, I spoke about our efforts to engage with our customers, agents and employees to develop a deeper understanding of their needs and expectations. That understanding has influenced our strategy and planning around the Erie experience and has reflected in recent deliveries that enhance the services we provide. For example, in 2019, we introduced real-time claim status online for our agents and in the fourth quarter made that same functionality available to customers. We are among only a handful of carriers that offer real-time claim status to both agents and customers and we do it while continuing to provide the personal caring response of our customer service and claims teams. Additionally, our agents play an integral role in claim service. They take more than 50% of the initial loss reports and our customers continue to express high satisfaction when our agents are involved. Having the ability to see more claims information online and in real-time helps our agents better serve our customers. Customer satisfaction with claims overall remains high based on ongoing customer surveys. Responsiveness, quality and caring are just a few of the common themes we see in customer feedback, whether it's in our surveys or in unsolicited emails and letters. A customer in Tennessee shared this complement during a recent claim. I was amazed with a quick turnaround from the time I reported by an accident to the response of the adjuster and the receipt of the payment for repairs. There was no hassle and I'm glad I switched to Erie Insurance. Before we close, I want to share with you some recent third-party recognition that we're especially proud of. First, Erie Insurance was named one of Forbes Best Employers for Diversity for 2020. This list recognizes 500 companies for their representation of diversity based on an independent anonymous survey of employees. At Erie, we're committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We work hard to make sure our nearly 6,000 employees feel supported and appreciated for who they are for their unique attributes and for their contributions to our mission of protection and service. The second recognition we received comes from BenchmarkPortal, an industry leader in customer contact center best practices. Following a lengthy process, BenchmarkPortal has certified Eries first notice of loss team as a center of excellence. This honor reflects the commitment and effort of this team to serve our customers with real concern and compassion every day. Our first notice of loss team is often the initial contact our customers have with Erie when reporting a claim. The certification recognizes the FNOL team's performance beyond industry benchmarks for efficiencies and service. FNOL is Eries second call center to earn benchmark certification. In 2017, our customer care operations were also recognized as a center of excellence. Congratulations to our team and first notice of loss. They set a high bar for service and routinely exceed those expectations for the benefit of our customers, agents and the company. Thank you again for your time and interest in Erie. Have a great day everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
A -:

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2019 third quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated October 24, 2019, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we'll move on to Tim's remarks.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to all of you who have a continued interest in the Erie's results and success. During our third quarter of 2019, Erie Indemnity continued the strong favorable performance we saw through the first half of the year. As we reported in our press release, filed yesterday, Indemnity's net income was $94 million or $1.80 per diluted share. That's an increase of $14 million over our third quarter in 2018, and it brings net income year-to-date to $257 million compared to $226 million in the first nine months of 2018, an increase of 14%. Greg will get into the details around Indemnity's results, but before he does, I'll share some of the highlights of the insurance operation we manage, Erie Insurance Exchange. Direct written premium grew by over 5% for the third quarter and year-to-date compared to 2018, which positions the exchange well to once again outperform the industry. Conning's latest forecast for industry growth in direct premium is 4.4%. As we mentioned in the last earnings report, we're continuing to see a more competitive marketplace, with softening prices in private passenger auto. In challenging markets, we, at Erie, maintained a steady, long-term approach to pricing that reinforces our reputation for reliability and stability. Finally, we saw some improvement in the weather during the third quarter. Our claims teams and agents responded to 5 major weather events over the past 3 months, down from 9 in the second quarter. The most recent storms were more localized, affecting customers in North Carolina, Virginia and Wisconsin as well as in parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio and Maryland. That's about half our operating territory. But again, the damaging wind and hail of summer caused more localized damage compared to what we saw in the spring. Our combined ratio for the third quarter was 96.9% compared to 97.6% a year ago. Year-to-date, the combined is 105.7%, higher than a year ago when the combined was 102.1%. It's in times like these that we demonstrate our value to our customers and to our communities that we deliver on our promise of service, our promise to be there and to make things better. My thanks to our Erie agents and, of course, our Erie claims teams for their superior work during these weather events. They have an incredibly difficult and important role in the organization, and they give it their all. And despite the stormy weather, Erie continued to grow its policyholder surplus to over $9 billion, up $500 million for the year, thanks to strong investment returns. Next week, we'll finish our visits we make to all of our field office territories each year where we recognize and celebrate the efforts of our agents and sales teams and the service commitment of our claims teams. Especially in a year of so many damaging storms, I leave these meetings humbled by how incredibly dedicated and hard-working our claims employees are. Both in the field and at our home office campus, I'm frequently approached by employees and agents who share an appreciation for Erie's commitment to being above all in service, not only in terms of customers, but in how we treat each other as employees, how we support our agents and how we show up for our communities. I'll talk more about how that philosophy aligns with our focus on strategic initiatives, ensuring we maintain Erie's distinctive human touch even in a digital world. But first, Greg will review the financial results for the third quarter.
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. As Tim mentioned, we are very pleased with the financial results we are seeing this year. They reflect the dedication of our agents and our employees as well as our commitment to be above all in service. Starting with the third quarter of 2019, net income was $94 million or $1.80 per diluted share compared to $80 million or $1.54 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2018. For the first nine months of 2019, net income was $257 million or $4.92 per diluted share compared to $226 million or $4.32 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2018. Total operating revenue outpaced the growth in total operating expenses in both the third quarter and the first nine months of 2018. That resulted in growth in operating income of $9 million or 10% in the third quarter of 2019 compared to the third quarter of 2018. For the first nine months of this year, operating income increased $19 million or 7% over the first 3 quarters of last year. Total management fee revenue increased $24 million in the third quarter and $77 million in the first nine months of 2019 compared to the same period in 2018. This is due to an increase in the direct and assumed premiums written of over 5% in both periods. The increase in both policies in force and average premium per policy contributed to this growth in premiums. Indemnity's total cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased $15 million for the third quarter compared to the third quarter of 2018. For the first nine months of 2019, total cost of operations grew $57 million. Commissions increased $10 million in the third quarter and $31 million year-to-date compared to 2018 as a result of the 5% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange. This was partially offset by lower agent incentive costs related to less profitable growth compared to the third quarter and first nine months of 2018. Non-commission expenses in the third quarter increased $5 million compared to last year. Information technology costs increased $5 million due to increased professional fees, underwriting and policy processing expenses increased $2 million, and customer service costs increased $1 million. These increases were somewhat offset by administrative and other expenses, which decreased by $3 million in the quarter, driven by lower long-term incentive plan costs due to the decrease in the company's stock price during the third quarter.  In the first nine months of 2019, non-commission expenses increased $26 million compared to the same period in 2018. IT costs increased $17 million as a result of higher professional fees. Administrative and other expenses increased by $6 million, driven by an increase in the long-term incentive plan costs due to a higher company stock price in 2019 compared to the same period in 2018. Personnel costs in all expense categories were impacted by additional bonuses awarded to all employees of approximately $1 million for the first nine months of 2019 and $5 million for the first nine months of 2018. Investment income for the third quarter totaled $14 million, an increase of $5 million compared to the third quarter of 2018. For the first nine months of the year, investment income totaled $33 million, which was an increase of $12 million compared to the same period in 2018. Our continued strong operating results have enabled us to pay our shareholders dividends in the amount of $126 million in 2019. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. As we discussed on each earnings call, our strategic focus at Erie is centered on 4 strategic areas that we believe are critical for moving us into the future, we're building on our strong business model and distinctive ability to deliver service with a human touch. The 4 areas are: strengthening our business platforms and use of data, continuing to enhance the Erie experience, identifying and developing new sources of revenue and creating our workforce for the future. I'd like to talk more about the first area, strengthening our platforms and data and how that is leading us to the second, enhancing the Erie experience. I talked a bit about the impact of our service earlier. It's an important but not always obvious, part of the picture, whenever we discuss results. Our service, claims service and customer care is closely tied to our competitive position. The work we are doing to enhance the Erie experience is aimed at improving the experience of all stakeholders, customers, agents and employees, while thoughtfully driving down costs with technology and process that lets us work smarter, but still delivering ways that are personal and customized for the needs and preferences of the individual. Our teams have developed deep understanding of the key drivers of satisfaction in the claims experience. We know, for instance, that customer satisfaction is higher when the initial loss is reported to the agent. We also know that a quarter of customers want the option to report a claim digitally. Our digital strategy is focused on leveraging that kind of knowledge with the power of data and platforms. For example, with better agent access to claims tracking and more billing and payment information online for both agents and customers, we are experiencing reduced call volume and providing greater convenience for the customer and agent. Calls about billing and payments are down 14% compared to last year. That shift drives cost savings and expands the ability of our customer care team to focus on customer calls that are more complex and benefit most from the human touch. Our customer care team is working smarter, too, as a result of our investment in digital capabilities. I shared earlier this year that customer care is using a new streamlined portal that makes access to customer information easier and faster. Since the first quarter launch of the portal, we've seen a reduction in average call time because of this improved access. At the same time, we're maintaining exceptional customer satisfaction ratings. The human touch is at the forefront of our efforts to provide agents and customers more digital capabilities. Online service is critical to our future. And so as the human touch that differentiates the service that comes with an Erie policy and an Erie agent. As one of our North Carolina adjusters recently quoted, "At Erie, every claim has a name." Finally, I'll close with 2 positive notes. First, Erie Insurance was recently among the best homeowners insurance companies of 2019 in a list by U.S. News & World Report. We debuted at #2 on this list behind direct writer, Amica. Erie was recognized for our low rates and unique policy features and customization options. And second, last week, we announced the appointment of Erie's new General Counsel, Brian Bolash. Brian is a long time Erie leader in Senior Counsel, as well as the Corporate Secretary to the Board of Directors. We're excited to have him in this new role, helping to protect Erie's good reputation by overseeing the legal risks and potential issues affecting the company. Thank you again for your time today. We truly appreciate your interest in Erie.
End of Q&A: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2019 second quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed, and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated July 25, 2019, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott and thank you everyone for your time today and interest in Eries second quarter results. Erie Indemnity performed well over the past three months. As you saw in our press release filed yesterday, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $88 million or $1.68 per diluted share for the quarter thats over $8 million more in the second quarter in 2018. Greg will talk more about whats behind that increase. Before he does, I want to share recent highlights for Erie Insurance Exchange, the insurance operation we manage. In the second quarter, premiums grew 5.6% over the prior year to nearly $2 billion. Renewal premium is driving this growth as we continue to experience strong policy retention. The exchanges work continues to exceed Conning's latest industry forecast of 4.1%, this result puts Erie on pace to outperform the industry on premium growth for the 12th year in a row. As weve shared on past calls, our long term growth goal is to outpace the industry and grow our market share. The gap between Eries premium growth in the industry has slowed over the last two years driven by several factors. First are the market conditions. Prices are softening in private passenger automobile as carriers hold steady on rates or take decreases which [sharpens] shopping activity. Secondly at Erie, were slowing down the private passenger auto growth that is not generating a profit. This is an intentional move to show up our competitive position and bolster our ability to provide a competitive rate for the very best risks. It's a move we believe is necessary to stay true to our commitment to steady growth and steady pricing. At the end of the second quarter, policyholder surplus was almost $9 billion compared to $8.6 billion at the end of 2018. The growth was driven by investment returns. Lastly, I want to share some context around our combined ratio. For the first half of 2019, the exchanges combined ratio totaled 110.3 compared to 104.5 a year ago. That increase reflects an extremely active spring storm season that affected much of our Midwest including parts of Eries operating territory. One of the most significant events took place over Memorial Day when storms brought strong winds and hail to Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania and Ohio. The Dayton Ohio area was hit hard by destructive tornadoes. In times like those, our employees and agents deliver in a big way for our customers. They're in our customers neighborhoods quickly typically before the representatives of other insurers to take care of immediate needs and start the process of recovery. I want to share with you a note we received from a customer in Dayton about her experience with her agent and our adjuster. Both individuals, she wrote are examples of why I've chosen Erie as my insurance provider. I can't thank them enough for providing me with a high level of comfort and confidence as I worked through the devastation of this tornado. I too want to thank our dedicated claims employees and our agents. Your care and commitment make a great difference to our customers and the communities we serve. Overall we're pleased with the results so far this year and our progress on strategic initiatives. I'll talk more about that in recent recognition for the Erie following Gregg's review of the financials. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thanks Tim. As Tim mentioned, it was a solid second quarter but this quarter successes go beyond traditional financial measures and can be seen in our award-winning customer service and customer experience. [Indiscernible] responding to catastrophic weather events like those experienced in May or expanding our availability to offer electronic claims payments, we continue to be above all in service. During the second quarter we continue to pilot new claims e-payment capabilities. Today I am proud to say that we have provided all of our auto and property claims adjusters with the ability to offer customers their settlement electronically through a Visa Direct and Zell. The initial feedback has been outstanding and we look forward to the continued satisfaction this capability will provide for our customers. Now I'd like to share with you Erie's financial results. Starting with the second quarter Erie's net income was $88 million or $1.68 per diluted share compared to $80 million or $1.52 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2018. For the first six months of 2019, net income was a $163 million or $3.12 per diluted share compared to $145 million or $2.78 per diluted share in the first half of 2018. Operating income increased 1.3% or $1 million in the second quarter of 2019 compared to the second quarter of 2018. And then we also saw an increase in operating income of 5.7% or $10 million in the first six months of this year compared to the first six months of last year. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $26 million in the second quarter and $51 million in the first six months of 2019 compared to the same periods in 2018. Driving that change were increases in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange, reflecting growth in both policies and force and average premium per policy in both periods and as Tim pointed out, the exchanges premium growth continues to outpace the industry. Indemnities cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 6.7% in the second quarter and 5.8% in the first six months of 2019 compared to the same periods in 2018. Commissions increased $12 million in the second quarter and $21 million in the first half of 2019 compared to 2018. That increase was driven by the growth in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange somewhat offset by lower agent incentive costs related to less profitable growth. Non-commissioned expenses in the second quarter increased $14 million compared to last year driven by increases in information technology costs of $6 million, administrative and other expenses of $5 million and customer service costs of $2 million. In the first six months of 2019 non-commissioned expenses increased $22 million compared to the same period in 2018 driven by a $12 million increase in information technology costs and a $9 million increase in administrative and other costs. The increased information technology costs were due to higher professional fees and the increased administrative and other costs were due to an increase in long-term incentive planned cost driven by the higher stock price during the year. Total investment income increased $3 million in the second quarter of 2019 and over $7 million in the first half of 2019 compared to the same periods in 2018. The increases were driven primarily by growth in our net realized gains in both periods. Finally, indemnities income tax expense decreased in the second quarter by $3 million but remained relatively flat for the first six months compared to the same period in 2018. We take a measured approach to capital management and diligently maintain a strong balance sheet. For the first six months of 2019, our strong performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders nearly $84 million in dividends. With that I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks Greg. Our financial foundation is strong, positioning Erie well for continued profitable growth and a bright future. We continue to invest in that future with a focus on four areas; strengthening our business platforms and use of data, continuing to enhance the Erie experience, identifying and developing new sources of revenue and preparing the workforce of the future. We're making progress across all four areas. Our recent achievements include further expansion of efforts to strengthen our competitive position and create revenue opportunities. We recently introduced a web-based driver training program designed to reduce motor vehicle accidents among young drivers. Teen drivers in Virginia and Wisconsin are using the program now and earning discounts on their auto insurance premiums. This program compliments our expanding telematics program, which rewards teens for good driving behavior and is on track for introduction to all states as we head into 2020. In our homeowners line of business, we're nearing the finish line for converting policies from our legacy home protector program to our web-based Erie secure home platform. This conversion is significant on a number of fronts. It simplifies our agents processes for writing home owners business with Erie. They'll have one platform for this line of business and easy to sell bundles to customize a customer's coverage. The conversion also gets us one step closer to a full online capabilities for personal lines further improving the experience of our agents when it comes to writing and servicing this high-volume line of business. And lastly, with the conversion we're able to offer all of our homeowners, customers industry-leading coverages and protection. I'm very pleased to share that the conversion has gone extremely well for agents and customers alike. We're on track to complete this change in most states by year-end. Finally, I want to share recent developments aimed at sharpening our focus on innovation. Innovation has long been a key function of Erie both within our core operations and within a team that has dedicated to exploring new opportunities and advancing experiments with new technology. One of our senior leaders Keith Kennedy is taking on this charge and leading what we call next-level innovation. Keith and his team are responsible for evaluating opportunities to advance our capabilities to deliver products and services beyond our current offerings while also assisting with innovation where necessary in our core business. Keith brings to his new role more than 20 years of broad experience in helping organizations define and build new products and capabilities. He's been a part of our team since 2008, first in a consulting capacity before he joined the company in 2011 to lead geographic expansion. Keith has built a strong network of like-minded leaders most recently through his work with the Erie Pennsylvania innovation district. Before we close I'd like to share some recent recognition for Erie. First AM Best has affirmed Erie's financial strength rating of A+ superior. According to AM Best this rating reflects Erie's strong balance sheet and operating performance in addition to a favorable business profile and appropriate enterprise risk management. This is Erie's 80th year in a row to earn at least the A+ rating from AM Best. AM Best also affirmed the A excellent rating for our life subsidiary Erie Family Life. Now I'm very proud to share with you recent recognition that reflects our customers experience with our agents and with Erie. Along with our agents, we've again earned an award from JD Power for the highest customer satisfaction score for auto insurance in the mid-Atlantic region. This is the fifth time Erie has led this region since the auto study moved to regional awards in 2012. Earning this honor for the mid-Atlantic region is especially noteworthy because the area comprises our markets with the highest premium volume; Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia. The mid-Atlantic trophy is Erie's second from JD Power this year following our top finish in the 2019 U.S. Auto Insurance Shopping Study. What I really like about these two awards is that they reflect the complete lifecycle of an auto insurance customer from their time shopping and choosing Erie insurance and through the service and renewal of their policy. Together these honors are a great testament to the strength of the value proposition we offer with our agents. It's a value proposition built on protection that matters and service that makes a difference for our customers. Lastly, I want to share some national recognition earned by our employees who serve on Erie's leadership council for diversity and inclusion. The council recently earned a spot among the top 2% of employee resource groups in the United States for the second year in a row placing 21st in the nation for 2019. This list was compiled by the Association of ERG's and councils to recognize the contributions and results of a strong focus on DNI across business operations. Fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce and market is the right thing to do for our employees, agents, customers and communities and it also makes good sense for our business. This is a great honor for our DNI team. I want to thank you for your time today. We appreciate your interest in Erie.
Operator:

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call was prerecorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2019 first quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed, and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated May 2, 2019, and in the related press release. This prerecorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we will move on to Tim's remarks.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank Scott, and thanks to everyone for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the first quarter of 2019. We recently marked the 94th anniversary of Erie's start in the auto insurance business and just three days ago, held our annual meeting of shareholders at our home office in Erie, Pennsylvania. We had a good story to tell. 2018 was a strong year for Erie. We continue to grow premium, achieving a significant revenue milestone of direct written premium of $7 billion. We made progress across key initiatives, making a meaningful difference for our agents, customers and employees and in the communities where we do business. The story continued in the first quarter of 2019. As you saw in our press release filed yesterday, Erie Indemnity reported net income of $75 million or $1.44 per diluted share for the quarter. That's nearly $10 million more than the first quarter of 2018. Greg will talk about the drivers of that increase in a few minutes. Before we get into the detail around Indemnity's results, I'd like to share some recent highlights for Erie Insurance Exchange, the insurance operation we manage. In the first quarter, the exchange grew premium 6% over the prior year to almost $1.8 billion. This result exceeds Conning's latest industry forecast of 4.5% growth this year, and it follows 11 straight years that Erie's premium growth has outpaced the industry. Strong retention and an increase in average premium were both significant factors in recent premium growth. Renewal policies grew 4.2%, driving a 7% increase in renewal premium. At 102.2, Erie's combined ratio for the first quarter is down compared to 105.6 a year ago, reflecting fewer and less severe weather events at the start of the year. At the end of the first quarter, policyholder surplus was $9 billion compared to $8.6 billion at the end of 2018. In addition to the strong results of our combined operations, we continue to make progress on our strategic initiatives. I'll talk more about these recent achievements following Greg's review of the financials. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to share with you the results of another strong quarter for Erie Indemnity. But first, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on our 2019 annual shareholders meeting that was held on April 30. At the meeting, we were able to share the results of our strong performance for 2018 and some initiatives we have planned for 2019 that will help us continue to grow. We are proud of our 2018 results where the Exchange grew its direct and affiliated assumed premiums to over $7 billion, marking the 11th consecutive year of growth, and we delivered earnings per share of $5.51, which is the highest earnings per share in our company's history. While we are proud of our past performance, we remain focused on delivering another strong year of results in 2019. I believe the first quarter results speak to that focus. For the first quarter of 2019, net income was $75 million or $1.44 per diluted share compared to $66 million or $1.26 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2018. Operating income increased $8.6 million or 11% in the first quarter of 2019 compared to the first quarter of 2018 as the growth in total operating revenue outpaced the growth in total operating expenses. Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $25 million or 6.2% to $431 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to the first quarter of 2018. Management fee revenue from administrative services increased $1 million or 6.7% to $14 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to the prior year period. Turning to indemnity's cost of operations related to policy issuance and renewal services, commissions increased $9 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to the same period in 2018. This was a result of the 6% increase in the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the exchange, slightly offset by lower agent incentive costs. Noncommission expenses increased $8 million in the quarter compared to the same period in 2018. Information technology costs increased $5.5 million, primarily due to increased professional fees, while sales and advertising costs decreased $2 million, primarily due to decreased personnel costs and agent-related costs.  Administrative and other expenses increased $4.3 million, primarily driven by an increase in the long-term incentive plan costs. This increase was driven by the increase in the company's share price during the quarter compared to the same period in 2018. Personnel costs and all expense categories were lower in the first quarter of 2019 compared to 2018 due to a special bonus awarded to all employees in the first quarter of 2018. Income from investments before taxes totaled $9.8 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $6.2 million in the first quarter of 2018. Net realized gains were $2.5 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to net realized losses of $500,000 in the first quarter of 2018. Net investment income was $8.5 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $6.8 million in the first quarter of 2018. Once again, we are focused on delivering another strong year of performance. With that, I'll turn the call back to over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. Erie is well-positioned for sustained profitable growth and we continue to invest in areas that support our strategic direction. I've talked about these four areas in the past. They are the framework for how we're aligning our resources to sustain and accelerate Erie's success in a changing market. The four areas include strengthening our business platforms and use of data, continuing to enhance the Erie experience, identifying and developing new sources of revenue and preparing the workforce of the future. We're making progress in all of four areas. I'd like to share a few highlights from the first quarter. First, we introduced a new service that helps our customers recover faster following personal lines loss. Customers can choose to have an electronic claims payment delivered directly to their bank account in less than an hour. We partnered with PNC Bank and Visa on this service, making Erie one of just a handful of carriers offering e-payments for claims settlement. We believe that fast delivery of a claims payment is a valuable compliment to the caring service provided by our claims team. Secondly, in an additional effort to improve the experience of customers following a loss, we recently piloted a new service for drivers who need transportation from the scene of an auto accident. Our first notice of loss team provided these customers with a virtual debit card to cover temporary travel expenses, including public transportation, a taxicab or ridesharing service, such as Uber or Lyft. Feedback from the pilot was very positive and we're now preparing to expand this service. Claim reporting is a critical touch point in a customers experience, and it's a moment of truth for us, a moment where we can deliver on the promise of service that comes with every Erie policy. Finally, we continue efforts to enhance the interactions our customers, agents and employees have with Erie that leverages the power of digital, coupled with the human touch. It's an approach that is distinctly Erie. Key to this approach is ongoing engagement with our customers, agents and employees through focus groups and other forms. The goal is to make sure we have a strong understanding of their needs and expectations to align our decisions and actions. Since completing the transition to our new claims management system in early 2018, we've been able to provide agents greater access to information about claims, helping them provide faster, better service directly to customers. Our customer care team is using a new platform that they help design. This platform streamlines access to multiple systems so customer care employees can easily access the information they need to quickly help our agents and customers. These initiatives are ongoing and will continue to build on the direction and progress we've made in the months ahead. Now I'd like to turn to the recent recognition that we received. First, Erie was named one of the nation's best large employers for 2019 by Forbes Magazine. This was an honor for companies with 5,000 or more employees. We take great pride in being a major employer of choice and are especially excited about this recognition, which is based on employees' feedback and their experience. The second honor comes from J.D. Power and speaks to the efforts of our agents and employees to bring on new Erie customers. This award marks the seventh year in a row that Erie was recognized for highest customer satisfaction in J.D. Power's annual auto insurance shopping study. I want to publicly thank our agents and employees for all they do to make Erie successful with our customers and communities. This is a significant honor reflecting the work we do around our largest line of business. Before we close, I want to recognize Dr. Claude Lilly, III, who retired from Erie Indemnity's Board of Directors on April 30, and thank him for his service over the past 19 years. We have a great Board of Directors at Erie and Claude has brought valuable experience and insights to the team throughout his tenure. On behalf of all of us at Erie, I wish Claude the best. Our financial results, our direction and progress and the continued recognition from third parties like J.D. Power give us great confidence that Erie remains well-equipped for success and in the heart and minds of our customers, employees, agents and shareholders. Thank you for your time today. We appreciate your interest in Erie.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
End of Q&A:

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call was pre-recorded, and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations. Scott Beilharz. Please go ahead.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this recorded discussion about our 2018 fourth quarter and full-year results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the Company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated February 21, 2019, and in the related press release. This pre-recorded call is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we move on to Tim's remarks.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Scott, and thanks to everyone for taking time to learn more about Erie's performance in the fourth quarter of 2018 and our year-end results. Last year was another strong year for Erie Company. As you saw in our press release filed yesterday, we reported net income of $62 million or $1.19 per diluted share for the quarter, that's $30 million more than the fourth quarter of 2017. Greg, will talk more about the drivers of that increase in a few minutes. But before we get into more detail around Indemnity's results, I'd like to share some highlights from the year for Erie Insurance Exchange, the insurance operation we manage. The results of the Indemnity reflect the success of the Exchange. 2018 was another year of robust growth in our property/casualty business. In 2018, the Exchange grew property/casualty premiums 7% over the prior year to more than $7 billion. This result exceeds Conning's latest industry growth forecast of 5.6% for the year. Our 2018 premium growth marks the 11th straight year that Erie run faster than the industry, while making steady gains in market share across our territory. Our property/casualty results reflect the solid combination and strong retention, higher average premium per policy and growth in new business. In contrast to 2017, weather-related losses were bigger part of the Exchange's experience in 2018, while no single event stands out. Snow, wind and hail losses market in many of our territories with greater frequency throughout the year. The combined ratio of 103.1% reflects these storms. For comparison, the Exchange recorded a combined ratio of 96.2% a year ago, following a stretch relatively mild weather across our territory. Severe weather is never welcome, but at Erie it's an opportunity to demonstrate our value to our agents, our customers and the communities that rely on us. I'm proud to say that we did just that in our response to 71,000 weather-related claims in 2018. Compassionate service is essential in our business and so is the strong financial foundation. We'll position to deliver on both fronts just as we did last year. The Exchange ended the year with policyholder surplus $8.6 billion, 2.3% below 2017's $8.8 billion. The slight decrease reflects the increased level of storm claims and a down investment year. It also follows a year of significant gains in the surplus, in 2017 when surplus grew by over $1 billion. Erie's operational and financial position remained healthy. I want to thank our employees and agents for their commitment and hard work this past year. We delivered on our promise to service at every turn, while continuing to grow premium and make solid progress on our strategic ventures. I'll talk more about that progress in a few moments following Greg's review of the financials. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks Tim. As Tim mentioned, we are very pleased with Indemnity's financial results for 2018. They reflect the dedicated service of our agents and our employees, as well as our commitment to deliver on our strategy. Starting with the fourth quarter of 2018, net income was $62 million or $1.19 per diluted share compared to $32 million or $0.61 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2017. I think it's important at this time to remind everyone that the 2017 fourth quarter and full-year results were negatively impacted by the enactment of the Federal Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as a result of the remeasurement of our net deferred tax assets at the lower tax rate. This resulted in the reduction of 2017 fourth quarter and full-year net income of $10 million or $0.19 per diluted share. Operating income in the most recent quarter increased $16 million, up 27.5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $14 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017. While Management fee revenue from administrative services totaled $14 million in the quarter. Both amounts were driven by the 6.7% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange in the fourth quarter. Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased $11 million compared to the same period in 2017. Commission expenses increased $4 million, as a result of the increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange, somewhat offset by lower agent incentive costs related to less profitable growth. Non-commission expenses increased $7 million in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Underwriting and policy processing costs increased $3 million, information technology costs increased just over $2 million, and customer service costs increased roughly $1 million. Total pre-tax investment income in the quarter was $5 million, down $2 million compared to the same period in 2017. Drivers of the decrease included net realized losses on investments and losses from limited partnerships. The losses were partially offset by increased net investment income. Turning to full-year 2018 results. Net income was $288 million or $5.51 per diluted share compared to $197 million or $3.76 per diluted share in 2017. The increase in earnings per share in 2018 was driven by the lower corporate income tax rate in 2018 as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and a significant increase in operating income. Operating income before taxes increased $54 million or 18.6% in 2018 compared to 2017. Management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $57 million in 2018 compared to 2017, while management fee revenue from administrative services totaled $54 million in the year. Both amounts were driven by the 7% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange. Commissions paid to our independent agents increased $36 million in 2018 compared to 2017, resulting from the increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange, somewhat offset by lower agent incentive costs related to less profitable growth. Non-commission expenses in 2018 increased nearly $20 million compared to 2017, increases of $8 million in underwriting and policy processing costs, $5 million in information technology costs, and just over $4 million in customer service costs were the primary drivers of the increase. Personnel costs in all categories were impacted by bonuses awarded to employees, as a result of savings realized from the lower corporate income tax rate in 2018 compared to 2017, as well as increased medical costs. Income from investments on a pre-tax basis totaled $26 million for the year compared to $29 million in 2017, while net investment income increased by nearly $6 million, a loss of $1 million in 2018 from our limited partnership portfolio compared to earnings of $3 million in 2017 combined with realized losses and impairment losses of $4 million resulted in the year-over-year reduction in total investment income. Finally, Indemnity's strong financial performance has allowed us to pay our shareholders $156 million in dividends during 2018. And in December of last year, our Board approved a 7.1% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend for both Class A and Class B shares for 2019. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks Greg. We remain firmly in position for continued profitable growth and we continue to invest in areas that support our strategic direction. Throughout 2018, we engaged our teams on initiatives centered on four areas of strategic focus; strengthening our business platforms and uses of data, continuing to enhance the Erie experience, identifying and developing new sources of revenue, and preparing the workforce of the future. We further developed and detailed priorities in each area and continue to deliver new capabilities improving service levels, product offerings and the efficiency of our agents and employees. In terms of our platforms, our agents have new online capabilities for writing business with Erie and servicing customer needs. In commercial lines, for instance, we expanded agents' ability to cope more lines of business online and introduce functionality to drive more cross-selling and boost commercial revenue. We continue to see double-digit premium growth in commercial lines that are in large part attributable to this online system. In personal lines, we began the rollout of our online capabilities for servicing homeowners business. The rollout will be completed in 2019, marking a significant step for improved online capabilities for our agents' personal lines business with Erie. We also delivered new and enhanced products, including a second option for homeowners insurance that will further strengthen our competitive position. Within our Erie experience initiatives, we began to work necessary to expand our distinctive service culture, what we call the service model of the future. We're engaging our customers, our agents and policyholders throughout this effort to gain our insights and build an even stronger understanding of their experience and expectations. Their understanding is key as we worked with a couple of best digital capabilities with the human touch where it matters most. We've also extended pilot testing the capabilities of telematics for pricing private passenger auto insurance and expanding the use of home sensors to customers in most of our states. More than 3,000 young drivers are using telematics in our pilot states of Ohio and West Virginia. We're very pleased with the response and with the experience and we're looking to expand that program in 2019. We plan to be in two more states this summer and then deploy additional territories later in 2019. Since expanding the home sensor pilot, we've grown the program to more than 2,000 households. While we continue to dig into the data, customer feedback pulses with the program is making a difference. One customer in Ohio, for instance, reported that his sensor detected a refrigerator leak just two days after installation and helped them avoid a costly loss. Another customer in Pennsylvania credited the sensor for alarming him for water leak in his basement and allowing him to take steps to prevent damages. Examples like these reflect the improved proactive experienced customers can have with Erie, while also saving us and them the cost of the claim. The other operations we remain strongly engage through the rationalization of our hometown of Erie, Pennsylvania. Being a good corporate citizen is important to us. So it's also good business. A vibrant downtown core will attract new businesses and people, helping us recruit and retain top talent at Erie. Late last year we announced investments in two start-up companies to help support their endeavors and also encouraged other innovators to consider Northwest Pennsylvania as an attractive base for setting up their operations. The Company's products are also relevant to our operations. The first investment is in SimpleSense, which has developed a sensor system that can aid emergency response by identifying if people are occupying a building and where they're located in that building and also identify the process route for the first responders to reach them. The other company, CityGrows, has created a cloud-based system to help local governments to manage, permitting, licensing and other processes online. We're looking forward to a productive partnership with both companies. This past year was also one of the heavy recognition from JD Power for customer satisfaction with Erie and our agents. In October, just three years after the launch of our new claims management system, Erie ranked highest in overall customer satisfaction in JD Power's 2018 US Auto Claims Satisfaction Study. This is Erie's first JD Power arm for auto claims handling and our 24th award since JD Power began studying our industry in 1999. It's an honor to reflect the deep commitment of our claims team to do the right thing for our customers and claimants, as well as our ability to do it even better today. Erie also earned top honors for customer satisfaction in the auto insurance purchase experience and in auto insurance in the Mid-Atlantic region. Those awards are some of the difference made by our agents and our customers experience from the time of purchase through renewal. Before we close, I'd like to recognize Sean McLaughlin, who retired from Erie at the end of 2018. Sean served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel for five years, following a 19-year career as a highly regarded Federal Judge. He is now practicing at the firm where he started has a lawyer in 1981. We wish Sean a very best and appreciate his service and contributions to Erie. Our financial results, the progress and direction on our strategy and the continued recognition from third parties, like JD Power, give us great confidence that Erie remains well equipped for success in the property/casualty market and in the hearts and minds of our customers, employees, agents, and you, our shareholders. Thank you for your time today. We appreciate your continued interest in Erie.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
Q -:

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP of IR Timothy NeCastro - President and CEO Gregory Gutting - EVP and CFO
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call was pre-recorded and there will be no question-and-answer session following the recording. And now I'd like to introduce your host for the call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for this pre-recorded discussion about our 2018 third quarter results. This recording will include remarks from Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated October 25, 2018, and in the related press release. This pre-recorded call is a property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. With that, we'll move on Tim's remarks.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks Scott, and thanks to everyone for taking the time to learn more about Erie's performance through the third quarter. I'm pleased to share that we're continuing the pace we set during the first half of the year resulting in another strong quarter for Indemnity. As you saw on our third quarter 10-Q filed yesterday, we reported net income of $80 million or a $1.54 per share for the quarter. We're very pleased with these earnings results. For context, Id like to share a few bright spots from the exchange the insurance operations we manage. Then Greg will follow with more of the details around the Indemnity's third quarter results. We reached a significant milestone during the third quarter achieving $7 billion in total direct written premium over the rolling 12 month period. That $7 billion reflects $5 billion in premiums from personal lines and nearly $2 billion from commercial. We've had strong PNC premium growth over the past decade, growth which has outpaced the industry in each of the last 10 years. We nearly doubled personal lines premium over the past nine years with growth largely from our existing agents. Average premium per agency has claimed more than 60% since 2009, and 1.9 million to 3.1 million. In commercial, we brought an additional $1 billion in premiums in the last five years alone. It's a result driven by our continued effort to bolster our agent's knowledge, skills and capabilities to meet the needs of small to mid-size businesses. We've also grown policyholder surplus which reached $9 billion in the third quarter. That result reflects Erie's healthy operational and financial position and our ability to be there for the customers who place their trust in us. While increased storm activity continued during the third quarter including impact from Hurricane Florence, the effect on our territories was modest compared to expectations. Similarly, while Hurricane Michael heavily affected parts of Florida and other coastal states, our claims impact was again less than anticipated. Our reported combined ratio through the third quarter was 102.1 year-to-date compared to 95.6 year-to-date at September 30, 2017. The higher combined ratio this year reflects the impact of multiple events none of them individually significant. This is very much a business where we're always prepare for the worst or hoping for the best. With our claims teams and agents mobilized for all hands response, we responded to nearly 6000 claims following Florence. That preparation made a noticeable difference in the communities that suffered the brunt of storm damage last month. I like to share this comment from one our agents in North Carolina. He said, Erie's response during Florence has been and continues to be nothing short of amazing. The leadership in response to the claims and branch team has so far - anything even close to what my other carriers have done. We are very proud of the dedication and caring our claims team and agents bringing to every claim of them. We care deeply about the communities in the Erie footprint and to that end we donated to the American Red Cross to aid those areas harmed by Hurricane Florence. Regardless of the season what the weather brings, we're driven by promise to be there. For our customers, our agents, our communities to serve them on the near as most. I'm going to turn it over to Greg and then I'll talk more about progress for making on key initiatives in a few minutes. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thanks Tim. As Tim mentioned we are very pleased with the financial results we are seeing this year. They reflect a dedicated service of our agents and our employees, as well as our commitment to deliver on our strategy. Starting with the third quarter of 2018, net income was $80 million or a $1.54 per diluted share compared to $59 million or a $1.12 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2017. For the first nine months of 2018, net income was $226 million or $4.32 per diluted share compared to $165 million or $3.15 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2017. Total operating revenue outpace the growth in total operating expenses in both the third quarter and the first nine months of 2017 resulting in an increase in operating income of $15 million or 19% in the third quarter 2018 compared to the third quarter of 2017 and an increase in operating income of 16% or $38 million for the first nine months of this year compared to the first nine months of last year. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $16 million in the third quarter and $43 million in the first nine months of 2018 compared to the same periods in 2017 driven by an increase in direct premiums written and assumed by the exchange of 7%. Increases in both policies in force and average premium for policy contributed to the growth direct written premiums. Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 3.9% in the third quarter and 4.2% in the first nine months of 2018 compared to the same periods in 2017. Commissions increased $8 million in the third quarter and $32 million in the first nine months of 2018 compared to 2017. The increase in commissions was driven by a 7% increase in the direct and assume premiums written by the exchange while slightly offset by lower agent incentive costs related to less profitable growth. Non- commission expenses in the third quarter increased $6 million compared to last year driven mainly by increases in information technology cost of $4 million and administrative and other expenses of $2 million. In the first nine months of 2018, non-commission expenses increased $13 million compared to the same period in 2017 driven by increases in information technology, underwriting and policy processing costs, and customer service cost. Personnel costs for the first nine months of 2018 were impacted by additional bonuses of approximately $4.8 million awarded to all employees as a result of tax savings realized from the lower corporate income tax rate that became effective January 1 of 2018. These increase personnel costs were somewhat offset by lower estimated cost for incentive plan awards related to underwriting performance. Total investment income remained flat for both third quarter and the first nine months of 2018. Finally, Indemnity's income tax expense decreased just over $6 million in the third quarter and $23 million in the first nine months of 2018 compared to 2017 due to lower income tax rate of 21% which became effective January 1 of this year. For the first nine months of 2018, our strong performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders' dividends in the amount of the $117 million. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks Greg. Clearly we remain in the position of strength for continued profitable growth and for continued investment in our future success. That investment is taking shape across the four areas of focus I talked about on past calls and where were relying resources to sustain and accelerate Erie's success in the changing market. These areas include continuing to enhance the Erie's experience, improving our platforms and data management, exploring new sources of revenue, and preparing the workforce for the future. Were making good progress on all four areas of focus and Id like to share a few highlights from the latest quarter. We recently delivered new products to help our agents better meet protection needs of our customers, and attract new business. In commercial lines, we expanded our successful custom collection to include program designed for the growing market of wineries, breweries and distilleries. Custom collection continues to drive strong growth with 55% of all commercial premium now coming from custom collection classes. Agents also began offering an enhanced coverage option for business model policies and a new endorsement here towards smaller corporations within a business owner. With our licensed agents, we're now offering Medicare supplement insurance to help our customers pay some of the hospital and Medicare costs not covered by Medicare. This coverage is available in most states through the exchanges wise subsidiary Erie's Family Life. Medicare supplement provides both a new revenue opportunity and needs to more fully meet the protection needs of our customers. In personal lines, we reached a key milestone wrapping up a three-year project at our homeowners lines. We now have the functionality for agents to be able to endorse Erie secure home policies using DSpro Web, the web-based system our agents use for quoting and writing new personal lines business. We're currently piloting this group of agents in Tennessee and Pennsylvania with the expectation of the complete rollout of the third quarter of next year. These kind of achievements are part of the steady drumbeat of enhancements that support the business our agents continue to bring in the order. Were also moving ahead on new initiatives at telematics pilot to began earlier this year. I've talked about this program on prior calls. It's a program aimed at encouraging safer driving among the younger motorists. We are getting ready to expand this program. To-date more than 5000 drivers have registered for the smartphone app in our pilot states of Ohio and West Virginia. From early results, we're seeing the customers who choose to register have better loss ratios than others. Next year well extend the program called YourTurn to our entire footprint sending approval from state insurance departments. YourTurn will strengthen our ability to compete in the youthful driver market in a way that is profitable and sustainable long-term or helping to encourage safer driving. Before we wrap up this recording, Id like to share some recent recognition Erie earned from two national organizations for our commitments to employee health and wellness. First, Erie received a gold level recognition in the American Heart Association's 2018 Workplace Health Achievement Index. More than 1000 companies participate in the index which also provides a benchmark for health and wellness initiatives. Erie has received the index's highest recognition each year since 2013. Second, Erie earned a gold award in the National Business Group on health 2018 Best Employers for Healthy Lifestyles program. This honor is the second highest presented by the national business group recognizes an organization's commitment to holistic well-being and related metrics. Erie has received either a platinum, gold or silver award from the group each year since 2009. Preparing our workforce for the future is an area of focus that very much involves our employees today. We take care of our employees and they in turn appreciate our value proposition. That's why it's so important that we offer employees a competitive total rewards package with benefits to help them and their families enjoy healthier, more secure lives. We're proud of honors like these that validate our efforts and we know the importance of looking at new emerging opportunities for our workforce today and in the future. Thank you for your time today. We appreciate your support and your interest in Erie. If you have any questions please feel free to reach out to our Vice President of Investor Relations, Scott Beilharz at area code 814-870-7312. Thank you and have a great day.
Q -:

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP, Capital Management & IR Timothy NeCastro - President & CEO Gregory Gutting - EVP & CFO
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to introduce your host for today's call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Sandra, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about our 2018 second quarter results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the safe harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated July 26, 2018, and in the related press release. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 p.m. Eastern time. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for taking the time to join us today. Erie Indemnity had a strong first half of the year. In our second quarter 10-Q filed yesterday, we reported net income of $145 million or $2.78 per share for the first six months of 2018. We're very pleased with these results and confident in our direction for the months ahead. Before Greg gets further into the financial details, I'd like to share a few highlights for the Exchange, the insurance operation we manage. For the past decade, premium growth has outpaced the industry, an accomplishment the Exchange is on track to repeat in 2018. Direct and assumed premiums grew almost 7% in the first half of 2018 compared to 2017. For comparison, Conning's industry forecast for this year is a 4.9% growth. Policyholder surplus is up slightly for the year to $8.8 million, reflecting Erie's healthy operational and financial position. That increase comes at the same time we've responded to increased storm activity across much of our territory. Second quarter storms were frequent, but smaller in scale compared to the winter storms we saw in the first three months of the year. The reported combined ratio for the Property and Casualty Group was 103.4 for the second quarter, down slightly from the 105.6 reported for the first three months of this year. Our year-to-date result is 104.25 compared to 98.2 at mid-year 2017. Our employees and agents stepped up to meet the needs of our customers and communities in the aftermath of snow, wind and hail storms. Our team of dedicated cat adjusters joined local claims employees to make sure that we had people on the ground needed to expedite claims handling with the human touch that is so critical to our customers in our customers' time of need. I'd like to thank the team, our employees and agents for their efforts and dedication throughout these past few months. The work they do brings care and compassion to the recovery process, making a huge difference to our customers. We're also continuing to invest in our strategic initiatives to strengthen our ability to compete now and into the future. I'll talk more about the progress we're making in a few minutes. But now, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. As Tim mentioned, we are very pleased with the financial results we are seeing this year. They reflect the dedicated service of our agents and our employees as well as our commitment to deliver on our strategy. Starting with the second quarter of 2018, net income was $80 million or $1.52 per diluted share compared to $59 million or $1.12 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2017. For the first six months of 2018, net income was $145 million or $2.78 per diluted share compared to $106 million or $2.03 per diluted share in the first half of 2017. Total operating revenue outpaced the growth in total operating expenses in both the second quarter and the first six months of 2017, resulting in an increase in the operating income of 14.2% or $12 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to the second quarter of 2017, and an increase in operating income of 15% or $23 million in the first six months of this year compared to the first six months of last year. The Exchange's premium growth continues to outpace the industry. Management fee revenue from policy issuance and renewal services increased $13 million in the second quarter and $27 million in the first six months of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, driven by the increases in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange as both policies in force and average premium per policy increased in both periods. Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 4% in the second quarter and 4.4% in the first six months of 2018 compared to the same periods in 2017. Commissions increased $10 million in the second quarter and $24 million in the first half of 2018 compared to 2017 driven by the increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange, slightly offset by lower agent incentive costs related to less profitable growth. Non-commission expenses in the second quarter increased $4 million compared to last year driven by the increases in underwriting and policy processing costs, customer service costs and administrative costs. In the first six months of 2018, non-commission expenses increased $7 million compared to the same period in 2017, driven by increases in underwriting and policy processing costs and customer service costs. Information technology costs decreased slightly in the first half of 2018 compared to last year, but keep in mind these costs will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter as we will continue to invest in this area. The total investment income decreased $200,000 in the second quarter of 2018 and $700,000 in the first half of 2018 compared to the same periods in 2017. The decreases were primarily driven by net realized losses and impairments on investment. Finally, Indemnity's income tax expense decreased just over $ 9 million in the second quarter and $17 million in the first six months of 2018 compared to 2017 due to the lower income tax rate of 21%, which became effective January 1st of this year. We take a measured approach to capital management and diligently maintain a strong balance sheet. For the first six months of 2018, our strong performance has enabled us to pay our shareholders dividends in the amount of $78 million. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. Our continued strong results provide a solid backdrop for our investments in the future. On past calls, I talked about our areas of focus; four areas where we're directing resources to sustain and accelerate Erie's success in a changing market. These areas include: enhancing the Erie experience, improving strategic platforms and data management, exploring new sources of revenue and preparing the workforce for the future. We continue to make progress across all fronts. Let me call out a few significant steps we've taken in these past three months. After 25 years in service, our former claims management system is fully retired. We're not completely operational with ERIE ClaimCenter, a system we began to deploy in late 2015. ERIE ClaimCenter was our first major strategic investment in improving platforms and data and it has already enabled us to successfully handle over $1 million claims. For our agents, who continue to expand the capabilities of our online commercial quote and application system, the most recent edition is the ability to write a business development policy with a new account, a move that also supports our efforts to drive more same-store sales, while improving protection for our customers. We are seeing strong growth in our commercial businesses that directly linked -- that is directly linked to our agents' ability to write more with Erie faster and easier. Premium and commercial lines is up almost 7% fueled by strong retention and new premium growth is up nearly 13%. Last quarter, I shared with you plans for piloting new smart home technology and a telematics program for youthful drivers. Both are underway and early results are promising. Since March, customers have stalled nearly 400 Roost sensors in their homes. The sensors are about the size of deck of playing cards and they can detect a water leak or severe temperature changes and notify homeowners through a smartphone app. Installed devices have protected leaks enabling homeowners to stop a potentially costly problem or damage or losses occurred. Additionally, we launched our telematics pilot in Ohio and West Virginia. At 45 days in, more than 2,000 customers have registered for this smartphone app, even encouraging safer driving behaviors among our youthful motorists. Erie continues to gain recognition from highly respected third-party firms. Let me share some of our recent accomplishments. I'm very pleased to say that Erie ranked first in the Midwest Atlantic region in J.D. Power's 2018 U.S. Auto Insurance Study. This honor marks the fourth time Erie has won in this region over the past six years. Erie also earned a second award from J.D. Power this year, winning top honors from the firm's Annual Auto Insurance Shopping Study for the sixth consecutive year. Erie now boasts 22 awards from J.D. Power, the most that any agency represent a company. In addition to recognition from J.D. Power, A.M. Best has affirmed our financial strength rating of A+ Superior for the Property and Casualty Group, and the A Excellent rating for the Erie Family Life. Erie Insurance Exchange is one of just 67 companies to retain at least an A rating for 75 or more years. Erie has 79 consecutive years and counting. Erie's A.M. Best rating reflects a healthy balance sheet as well as strong operating performance, favorable business profile and an appropriate enterprise risk management. Just 12% of U.S. property-casualty insurers earned the A+ rating. Finally, last week, Erie Insurance Group was named towards 50 top-performing property-casualty insurers for 2018. It's Erie's 18th appearance on the list since 1981. These honors reflect the deep commitment and work for more than 5,500 employees and nearly 2,200 agencies, along with the firm foundation on which Erie was built. Before I end my comments today, I want to recognize Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Sean McLaughlin. This week, Sean shared his decision to retire from Erie at the end of 2018. Sean is an Erie Pennsylvanian and graduate of Georgetown University and Georgetown University Law Center. He joined our organization in August 2013 following a distinguished carrier on the federal bench. He served nearly 20 years as Federal District Court judge and completed his tenure on the court as Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania before assuming the role of Erie's General Counsel. We're deeply grateful for the legal acumen and wisdom Sean has shared as part of the Erie's executive team over the past five years. His early notice allows us time for a thoughtful search in transition and we'll begin that process immediately. Thank you, Sean. We appreciate your participation in today's call. And now, I'll turn it back over to Scott.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Tim., and thank you, everyone, for tuning in today. A recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com. Once again, please direct any questions regarding our second quarter 2018 results to me at (814) 870-7312.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This has concluded the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
Q - :

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz  Vice President-Investor Relations Tim NeCastro  President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Gutting  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Companys First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to introduce your host for today's call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Bruce, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about our 2018 first quarter results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with remarks from Tim and Greg, and then we'll open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the Company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated April 26, 2018, and in the related press release. This call is being recorded, and the recording is the property of the Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 p.m., Eastern Time. Your participation in this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast; and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. On Tuesday we held our annual meeting with shareholders here at our home office in Erie, Pennsylvania, just days after the 93rd anniversary of Erie starting the auto insurance business. The positive energy and feedback at the shareholder meeting made it clear to me that the ongoing efforts of our dedicated employees and exceptional agents are paying up. Erie has built an enviable reputation for performance in the industry and our first quarter results for 2018 confirm that we are well positioned for continued success. In the first three months of this year, we recorded outstanding growth of 7% in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange. With that result Erie is again outpacing industry growth rates. Additionally at the end of the quarter, policyholder surplus is a robust $8.8 billion. Our strong surplus levels support our competitive position and ensure that we can service our customers needs handling everything from the smallest fender bender to major storms like the challenging weather events we experienced in the first quarter. Winter snowstorms in the first three months of 2018, including multiple nor'easter events in March played a significant role in our results. The reported combined ratio for the property casualty group was 105.6 in the quarter and that's over a 5% increase when compared to the first quarter of 2017. In true Erie fashion, our dedicated claims employees, catastrophe adjusters and agents responded to over 27,000 storm related claims throughout our footprint in the first three months of this year. Over 150 additional claims handlers were brought in to assist local teams in managing the heavy volume. Our claims team and our agents responded quickly and with care and I'd like to publicly thank them for their efforts. They truly exemplify our motto to be above all in service. Now, before I turn the call over to Greg for the details around our financial results, Id like to share some changes to our Board of Directors. First, I'd like to recognize recently retired board member Richard Stover who has contributions to Erie over the past eight years. Dick joined our board in 2010 serving on a number of committees during his tenure including the audit, executive and strategy committees. He also led the investment committee as Chair until the time of his retirement. We at Erie thank Dick for his years of service and wish him well. I'm also pleased to report that our shareholders elected a new director at Tuesdays Annual Meeting Salvatore Correnti. Sal was a director of builders insurance and of the Oil Casualty Investment Corporation. He is also an adjunct professor at Towson University in Maryland. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Conning Holdings, Conning Asset Management and was Non-Executive Vice Chair of the Board of Conning Holdings Corporation. Givens Sals extensive experience in investments Sal has been appointed to serve as Chairman of our Investment Committee. Welcome to the board Sal. And, now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Net income in the first quarter of 2018 was $66 million or $1.26 per diluted share compared to $48 million or $0.91 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2017. Operating income increased $10.6 million or 15.9% in the first quarter of 2018 compared to the first quarter of 2017 as the growth in total operating revenue outpaced the growth in total operating expenses. Ill remind you that beginning January 01, of this year we adopted new FASB guidance on revenue recognition. Under the new guidance, a small portion of the management fee is allocated to Indemnity acting as the attorney-in-fact with respect to all claims handling and Investment Management Services for the exchange, which we collectively refer to as administrative services. Under the previous guidance, all of the management fee was allocated to the policy issuance and renewal services. The revenue allocated to the Administrative Services is recognized over the typical claim settlement period. Additionally, under the new guidance the administrative services expenses and related reimbursements are reported gross on the income statement. Previously, these expenses and related reimbursements were presented net on the financial statements. As you saw on our first quarter financials, the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial condition, earnings or earnings per share and had no impact on our cash flows. The new revenue recognition guidance caused an increase in both total operating revenue and total operating expenses of $146 million but had minimal impact on our operating income. Indemnity's management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services increased $14 million or 3.6% in the first quarter of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017. While management fee revenue allocated to administrative services was $13 million for the first quarter of 2018. No management fee revenue was allocated to administrative services in the first quarter of 2017. As Tim just mentioned, the Exchanges top line continues to grow at a rate outpacing industry forecasts. For the first quarter 2018 growth in management fee revenue was driven by the 7% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange as both policies in force and average premium per policy increased year-over-year. Indemnity's cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 4.9% in the fist quarter of 2018 compared to the first quarter of 2017. Agent commissions increased $13.6 million driven by the 7% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the Exchange. In non-commission expenses increased $2.6 million in the quarter compared to the same period in 2017 driven by increases in underwriting and policy processing costs. Additionally, personnel costs in all expense categories were impacted by special bonuses of approximately $4.8 million paid to employees in the quarter. Income from investments before taxes totaled $6.2 million in the first quarter of 2018 compared to $6.6 million in the first quarter of 2017. The decrease was driven by net realized losses on investments during the first quarter of this year, compared to net realized gains in 2017. Finally, the enactment of the Federal Tax Cuts and Jobs Act resulted in a decrease in income tax expense of $11.4 million in the first quarter of 2018 due to the lower tax rate of 21%. And as our strong balance sheet and disciplined approach to capital management continues to create value for our shareholders we paid $39 million in dividends in the first quarter of 2018. Now Ill turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. Our strong first quarter results demonstrate that we continue to deliver value for our shareholders in 2018. As Greg pointed out, we realized a significant tax benefit in the first quarter from the enactment of the new Federal Tax Law. Our executive council decided to share some of that benefit with our employees in a way that helps them now and invests in their future. Last month, we paid a cash bonus to our full and part-time employees. And in May, we'll be making a retirement contribution to them as well. Our employees drive our success and it's their commitment and effort that helps maintain a strong and valued service reputation. As we move forward into the year, we know that new and improved products and platforms, customer service capabilities and evolving workforce needs will play a critical roles in the future of our business. That's why we continue to look at these areas of focus closely. We're especially excited about our recent partnership with Roost Telematics. Last month, we expanded our initial pilot further throughout our footprint. Our pilot involves Smart Home sensors that can help prevent disaster or mitigate damages by detecting a leak in the basement or severe temperature changes that can lead to frozen pipes and more extensive damage. We're also beginning to pilot the use of telematics for youthful drivers by tracking driver behavior throughout the use or through the use of a smartphone app will monitor behavior and reward teens for safe driving habits and avoiding dangerous activities such as texting while behind the wheel. These are just two examples of the kind of innovative approaches we are taking to deliver value to our customers while meeting their evolving needs. Additionally, we will continue to build on existing product offerings. Later this year, well expand our successful custom collection suite of commercial products bringing tailored coverages to the growing market of breweries, wineries and distilleries. We continue to invest in infrastructure, strengthening our platforms and data capabilities and equip employees and agents with more contemporary and efficient tools allowing greater focus on customer service and providing with a human touch that Erie is known for. One of the most visible investments is in our commercial online quote and application system to bring greater functionality to our agents. Agents use the system now to quote workers' compensation, commercial auto and our commercial package policy. Our business umbrella policy will be added to the platform this year supporting agents ability to write a comprehensive suite of commercial products with a single data entry. As we think about our future workforce, we are looking at the work of our own employees, as well as the challenges our agents face in building their teams. We're committed to helping our agent partners identify their upcoming needs and support their efforts as they too prepare for a changing marketplace. Our strong reputation for customer satisfaction is affirmed time and again by J.D. Power. Earlier this month, the firm released the results of its 2018 Property Claims Satisfaction Study. Erie ranked third in the highest satisfaction category achieving best-in-class scores for two of the top five factors. We also learned this week that we took first place in J.D. Powers auto insurance purchase experience. This is the sixth consecutive year that Erie has finished first in the study of the insurance shopping experience. These results are a testament to the consistent superior service of Erie employees and agents. And while we're very pleased with these third-party recognitions, we also see them as learning opportunities. What are we doing right and how can we do it even better. As leaders, employees and agents we continue to push ourselves to answer and deliver on these questions, this solid work ethic is just one more aspect of the commitment among the Erie family that makes us successful day-after-day and year-after-year. And now if there are any questions we're happy to take them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing no questions.
 :
 :
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Bruce. A recording of todays call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com. Thank you for joining us today and have a great day.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President, Investor Relations Tim NeCastro - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Gutting - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sean McLaughlin - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Katelyn Young - William Blair.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Grace and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for todays discussion about our 2017 fourth quarter and full-year results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Tim and Greg and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated February 22, 2018 and in the related press release. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you, Scott. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. 2017 was another very good year for Erie Indemnity. As we reported yesterday net income was $197 million resulting in earnings per share of $3.76 for the year, that's a decline from last year, but not unexpected. The enactment of the new tax law reduced earnings by $10 million or $0.19 per share beginning in 2018 our earnings will benefit from the lower tax rates. Greg will speak more to that in a few minutes. Our margins remain strong at 17%. Were pleased with that result especially as we continue to invest in infrastructure improvements that will keep us current and imperative in the market. Now lets turn to the 2017 results for the Exchange, the insurance operations we manage. Those results were also quite strong. We saw a 6% increase in direct and assumed written premium, and last year marked the 10th straight year that we surpass Conning's industry forecast which is currently 4.8%. In addition to premium growth our market share continues to increase in every state in our footprint based on results through the third quarter. The relatively mild weather across our states and our underwriting diligence yielded profitable results. A key profitability metric for the Exchange, the combined ratio, finished very strong in 2017. Our reported combined ratio was 96.2% for the year. We are fortunate that our operating territories escaped significant impact from the hurricanes and wildfires that affected much of the industry last year. You may recall, we had a Christmas snowstorm here in Erie, Pennsylvania that made national and even international news. While the local snowball was record-breaking, the storm had minimal impact on our 2017 losses. Our claim service during this holiday storm showed why people trust Erie. We had cap adjusters and property re-inspectors on the ground engaged and ready to support our customers in their time of need. The Exchange continues to perform well as a low-cost insurance provider offering great products and exceptional customer service. And because of its financial strength and solid reputation we were able to take a balanced approach of pricing, process enhancements, new product offerings and infrastructure improvements that were radius for future growth and success. In 2017 we deliver our largest platform replacement in recent years with the final release of our new claims management system, Erie claim center. By year end we process more than a half-million claims in the new system. And we reach a significant milestone last month with the retirement of our legacy claim system. With Erie claim center, we have improved our first notice of loss process for customers and agents. We know from JD Powers customer studies that are better claims experience starts with an agent. To that end we delivered improved capability to our agents for better loss reporting, status reporting and service throughout the entire claims experience. The success for the Erie claim center adds to our confidence as we make improvements of various size and scale to other platforms. Last year for instance we added quote and endorsement functionality for personal and commercial online systems. These updates are making it faster and easier for our agents to submit business and the service policies. These enhanced capabilities are translating into more rapid growth in many lines of business as we transition from quoting on legacy platforms. With greater automation employees can apply their skills to high-value work. So underwriters for instance can focus on more on the risk that require their knowledge and expertise. In addition to our platform and process improvements, we strive to offer new and emerging coverages. That's true in the shared economy space with products like ridesharing and home sharing coverages, in a mechanical and electronic breakdown microelectronic and cloud computing coverage or the business-class needs with our custom collection suite offered to more and more business owners. We continue to challenge ourselves to raise the bar with our product portfolio. Late in 2017, Dionne Wallace Oakley was named Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Strategy recognizing her long-standing contribution to the executive team. Dionne has been part of our Erie family for the past seven years serving as Senior Vice President of Human Resources and most recently as interim leader of our marketing division. Last year, we also restructured many of our business areas to better align with our strategic focus. As a reminder we identified four broad areas of opportunity enhancing the area experience, creating new sources of revenue, improving our platforms and data capability and preparing the workforce of the future. With the restructuring in place our leaders are making progress in planning and continuing work around these accelerators. Now Ill turn things over to Greg to report on our results. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim, and Good morning. Before I report on our results, Ill comment briefly on the impact of the newly enacted Federal Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on our results. As Tim mentioned, enactment of the new tax law resulted in a reduction in net income of $10 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the fourth quarter and fully results, compared to the same period in 2016. Weve recorded a one-time non-cash tax expense of $20 million which resulted from the re-measurement of the net deferred tax asset at the newly enacted corporate income tax rate of 21%. This was partially offset by the recognition of a current tax benefit of $10 million related to the acceleration of pension contributions. Beginning in 2018, we expect our effective corporate income tax rate to decline to approximately 21% from approximately 34% as a result of the new tax legislation. Starting with our fourth quarter results, net income was $32 million or $0.61 per diluted share, compared to $46 million or $0.87 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2016. Operating revenue in the quarter was $401 million, up 5.7% over the $380 million we reported for the fourth quarter of 2016, and reflecting continued market share growth. Operating expenses increased $20 million or 6.4% in the fourth quarter of 2017, compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. Commissions increased $10 million or 4.7% and non-commissioned expenses increased $10 million or 9.8% in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. Increased information technology costs and increase personnel costs were the primary drivers of the increase in non-commissioned expenses. Indemnitys gross margin for the fourth quarter 2017 was 14.4% compared to 14.9% for the fourth quarter of 2016. Investment income decreased by $6.4 million in the fourth quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. Youll recall that we had limited partnership earnings of $7 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Net income for the year was $197 million or $3.76 per diluted share, compared to $210 million or $4.01 per diluted share in 2016. Operating revenue was up 6% to $1.7 million compared to $1.6 billion for 2016, that growth reflects a 6% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange as both policies enforce and average premium per policy experienced continued growth. Operating expenses in 2017 increased $99 million or 7.6% compared to 2016. Commissions increased $54 million or 6% in 2017 compared to 2016, the increase was driven by the increase in the direct and assumed premiums written in the exchange. Non-commissioned expenses increase $45 million or 11.1% compared to 2016 driven by the increase costs in underwriting and policy processing, information technology, customer service and administrative costs. As you can see we are continuing to invest in our platforms and data capabilities. With that in mind, we are pleased with our strong operating margins. The gross margin for 2017 with 17% compared to 18.3% for 2016. Investment income in 2017 was up slightly to $29 million compared to $28 million in 2016. Once again income for limited partnerships was significantly lower in 2017 compared to 2016. Finally our strong balance sheet has allowed us to pay our shareholders dividend in the amount of $146 million in 2017, and in December of last year our board voted to increase the annual dividend rate by 7.3% for 2018. Now, before I turn the call back over to Tim, I want to talk briefly about the new revenue recognition guidance we adopted effective January 1, 2018. Under the new guidance a small portion of the management fee will be allocated to Indemnity acting as the attorney-in-fact for all claims handling and investment management services for the Exchange. Under the previous guidance, all of the management fee was allocated to the policy issuance and renewal services. The revenue allocated to the claims handling and investment management services will be recognized over the typical claim settlement period. Additionally, under the new guidance the claims handling and investment management expenses and related reimbursements will be reporting gross on the income statement. Previously these expenses and related reimbursement were presented net on the financial statements. The adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on our financial condition earnings or earnings per share and it will have no impact on our cash flows.  And now I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. We measure our success impart by the positive response of our agents and customers, the increased engagement of our employees and the third-party recognition for our performance as a top-tier service provider. In 2017 Erie rank highest among auto insurers in most satisfying purchase experience in the JD Power and Associates Insurance shopping study and highest in the Renters Insurance segment of their U.S. Home insurance study. And just yesterday we learned that we ranked third in their 2018 claims satisfaction study. Our strong performance is a direct result of the skill, capability and dedication of our exceptional employees and our unrivaled agency force. I want to personally thank them for their outstanding work and contributions. Together with our financial results these accolades affirm that Erie is strong and well positioned for continued success. For 2018, we will continue to invest in increased capability and to explore new sources of revenue. Thank you for your time this morning. And now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Katelyn Young with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Katelyn Young: Hi. Good morning.
Tim NeCastro: Good morning.
Katelyn Young: Couple of questions for you guys. First of all, in the light of the technology and ongoing infrastructure improvements being made, do you see 2017 is a good run rate for non-commission expenses relative to revenues? Or is there incremental investments that will be see in 2018? And with any incremental investment be at a rate that similar to 2017 or more or less?
Greg Gutting: We dont really give forward-looking advice, but we are executing at a high level Id say on the IT front and in other fronts, so we will continue to see some decent investment there.
Tim NeCastro: Katelyn, Ill add to that. Theres a practical capacity for our spending and well, I can't tell you that the numbers are going to be exactly as they look going forward. We wouldn't provide that kind of guidance. We have accelerated our spending particular in the development arena over the past several years and were going to continue to make those investments.
Katelyn Young: Great. Thank you. And then just given the movement over the last couple of quarters and premiums written on the workers comp side, I appreciate that it is small. But can you just give any comment on rate trends or anything that youre seeing in that space?
Greg Gutting: Yes. The actually policy counts are increasing at a decent rate, but the average premium is coming down and thats a function of the unbelievable performance that were seeing as well as the industry seeing.
Katelyn Young: Make sense. And then anything that helps us in the other markets that was pretty consistent across the board?
Greg Gutting: Yes. I dont know if there are any real outliers in that.
Katelyn Young: Okay. Thank you very much. Thats all I had.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Im not showing any further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Scott Beilharz for any closing remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks, Grace. And thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsuramce.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. If you have any questions, please call me at 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. A recording of this call will be posted on our website at erieinsuramce.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. If you have any questions please call at the area code 814-870-7312. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President, Investor Relations Tim NeCastro - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Gutting - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sean McLaughlin - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Glenda and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for todays discussion about our 2017 third quarter results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Tim and Greg and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated July 27, 2017 and in the related press release. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you, Scott. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Yesterday we reported strong results for Indemnity Company. Slight gains net income for the quarter and year-to-date resulted in earnings per share of $3.15 for the first nine months of 2017. This is consistent with the result for the same period last year. And, our management margin remained strong as we exercise prudent expense management including our ongoing investments in technology. Top line growth was driven by a 6% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange. We continue to outpace Cornings industry forecast of 4.7% for 2017. Furthermore the top line growth was profitable growth. The exchange report of the combined ratio of 96% for the first nine months of 2017 affirming our underwriting discipline. In a minute Greg will give details on our financial results, but before I turn it over to him, I would like to offer my thoughts on the hurricanes [on mild fire] that have devastated so many recently. Although our territories were not directly impacted, the runner severe weather is already reminder for us. We are partners in the industry, vital to economic stability, and vital to those whose lives suddenly become vulnerable. I now speak on behalf of all of us in the ERIE family when I say our hearts and thoughts remain for those affected by this recent weather event. And, we are committed to continuing our monetary support of the web prost and their efforts to provide aid. Now Ill turn it over to Greg to report on our result. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks Tim, and good morning. As Tim pointed our 2017 third quarter and year-to-date results remain strong, given our thoughtful support for our agents and employees and our commitment to provide the tools for their success. In the quarter, net income was $59 million or $1.12 per diluted share compared to $57 million or $0.09 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2016. Year-to-date net income is flat at a $165 million for both 2017 and 2016 resulting in $3.15 per diluted for the first nine months of 2017 and $3.14 per diluted for the same period in 2016. Operating revenue in the quarter was up 5.8% to $442 million from $480 million. And, for the first nine months of 2017, operating revenue was up 6% to $1.3 billion compared to $1.2 billion for the first nine months of last year. Growth in the quarter and in the year reflect a steady increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange as both fall season and average premium policy continue in a positive direction in both personal and commercial line. Indemnitys operating expenses increased $26 million or 7.6% in the third quarter of 2017 compared to the third quarter of last year. Year-to-date operating expenses increased $79 million or 8% compared to the first nine months of last year. If you recall that approximately that are approximately two-thirds of Indemnitys operating expenses are commission based. Commissions increased $60 million in the third quarter of 2017 and $44 million for the first nine months of this year compared to the same respective period in 2016. The increase was primarily driven by increases in the direct and assumed premium written by the exchange, as well as increased incentive costs related to profitable growth. Non-commission expenses increased $9 million in the third quarter of 2017 and $35 million in the first nine months of 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. For both the third quarter and first nine months of 2017, primary drivers were increased cost in underwriting and policy processing, customer service, information technology, and administrative related. Well, the underwriting policy processing and customer service expenses are tied more directly to our increase in business. Overall expenses are in line with our expectation as we take deliberate action to deliver on our areas of strategic focus. You may recall that I told you last quarter that more of our expenses will align with Indemnity Company. As we upgrade our platforms and data capability. With that in mind we are very pleased with our strong operating margin. For the third quarter and year-to-date 2017 Indemnitys gross margin was 18.3% and 17.9% respectively compared to 19.7% and 19.4% for the same period in 2016. Total investment income increased by $4 million in the third quarter of 2017 compared to the third quarter of 2016 an increase by $7 million for the first nine months of 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. The increased earnings in the quarter were driven by limited partnership return, while the increase for the first nine months was driven by increase net investment income, limited partnership returns, and realized capital gain. Finally our continued growth and profitability has enabled us to pay our shareholders dividend in the amount of $109 million in the first three quarters of 2017. And, now Ill the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. Now Ill provide brief updates on some of the initiatives we are working, we continue to execute our strategic focus. As a reminder weve identified all broad areas that we believe support continue growth, well Im sure we deliver on our promise for superior protection and service of the lowest possible cost. Continue to enhance the year experience, identifying and adopting new sources of revenue, improving, replacing and expanding our business platforms and uses of data and preparing for the challenges, but the future holds for our workforce and our agents, all areas we know present great opportunity. We continue our work in all of these spaces collectively and we are very pleased with our ongoing progress. Our efforts to foster easy doing business coupled with time saving efficiency and new coverage options are receiving high marks from our agents and our customer. In the third quarter, weve further expanded our commercial online quote and application system  greater functionality in our business insurance. This upgrade allows agents to quote a complete commercial account in real time by reducing the time it takes to get a quote from 2 days to 10 minutes. And, we intentionally align the introduction of two new business classes in our custom collections products simultaneously with this new functionality. This month we had a contractors and manufacturer industry, all for natural fit as we have experienced many years of profitability from these business classes. And, now our agents can quote these products with greater efficiency. Additional improvements are evident in our new claims platform. You may recall that over the last two years, we introduce ERIE claim center with functionality for workers compensation and personal auto, to set time weve incrementally added functionality for additional lines of business and in just a few days a final release will be complete for all lines of business. As we think about our products offerings and reflect on the evolving picture of customer needs. We are identifying new innovative coverage option that best build those needs. We continue to develop and test products emerging from the shared economy for example. I talked about what we are doing for our agents and our customers, but I will be remised if I didnt mention our committed to employees, they are the heartbeat of this company and its our responsibility to provide them with the tool they need to succeed. We are taking a thoughtful look at the workforce of the future and engaging employees and agent in the conversation. The survey participation and internal workgroup session, theyre helping us proactively assess the workforce of the future, the workplace of the future, and the future of work. This assessment and the ensuing program will ensure that were well position to meet the needs of all stakeholders in a contemporary way. Before I end my remarks, let me acknowledge some recent recognition we received from J.D. Power and Associates. Thanks to the dedication of our team, here it remains in high satisfaction peer in the 2017 small commercial insurance study and its the highest rent insurer  renters insurance segment of 2017 home insurance study. And, just this week, J.D. power released the result of the 2017 auto claim satisfaction study. J.D. once again scored well above the industry average finishing third industry wide. We are very happy to earn these distinctions. We were also recently recognized for a leadership and engagement around diversity and inclusion. ERIE was among the top 25 companies recognized for the efforts of our employee resource groups and our diversity counsel. Our strong team approach robust in greater inclusiveness in our workplace has been very affective and providing us a variety of perspective that makes good business sense. We are both encouraged by and very grateful for the recognition we received from third-party, but we are not complacent. We recognized the need for additional investment and we remain committed the necessary technology improvements, data investment, and product update that well keep theory the insurer of choice for our agents and customer, the employer of choice for our employee and the long-term investment of choice for you are shareholders. Thank you for your time this morning. And, now we would be happy to take your question.
Operator:
Scott Beilharz: Okay, Glenda, if there are no questions, I want to thank everyone for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsuramce.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you do have any questions, please call me at 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participation in todays conference. This does conclude todays program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President, Investor Relations Tim NeCastro - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Gutting - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sean McLaughlin - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Adam Klauber - William Blair Frederick Shepard - Capital Returns Management
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Ashley and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for todays discussion about our 2017 second quarter results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Tim and Greg and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated July 27, 2017 and in the related press release. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. As reported in our second quarter Form 10-Q filed yesterday, Indemnity had a good first half of the year. We are pleased with the results and confident in the direction we have set for 2017. A quick look at the exchange, the insurance operation we manage shows continued positive results. The direct and assumed premiums written in the first 6 months of 2017 grew 6.2% compared to the same period last year. And we continue to outpace Cornings industry forecast of 4.5% for the year. Policyholder surplus stands at just over $8 billion, another firm indicator of our operational and financial health. Its especially relevant as we make continued investments in our business to meet and anticipate changes in the market, in the workforce and in consumer appetite. I will touch on those strategic investments and the specific areas of focus in just a few minutes. But before I hand it over to Greg, let me say that we are very pleased with Indemnitys results. While on a year-to-year basis, earnings per share are down slightly. Our margin remains very strong even as we purposely invest in technology and processes that will keep us relevant and competitive going forward. Now, I will ask Greg to share the detail and additional context around our financial results. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thanks, Tim. As Tim mentioned, we are pleased with the results we are seeing this year. They reflect our commitment to our agents and employees as well as our ongoing investment in infrastructure and platform improvements. Starting with the second quarter of 2017, net income was $$59 million or $1.12 per diluted share compared to $61 million or $1.17 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2016. While we continue to generate strong top line growth, net income in the quarter decreased due to a $2.7 million reduction in operating income and a $1 million reduction in investment income. Indemnitys revenue from operations increased $25 million in the second quarter of 2017, representing a 5.8% increase over the same period in 2016, resulting from the exchanges steady growth in both policies in force and average premium per policy. This top line growth was offset by increased expenses primarily higher agent compensation costs and technology investments. Indemnitys commission expenses increased $16 million in the second quarter of 2017 compared to the second quarter of 2016 driven by a 5.7% quarter-over-quarter increase in the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange and higher agent incentive cost related to profitable growth. Non-commission expenses also increased compared to the second quarter of 2016. Indemnitys non-commission expenses increased $12 million driven primarily by a $7 million increase in the information technology costs, including increased professional fees and personnel costs. Other drivers include underwriting and policy processing costs and administrative cost. The resulting gross margin for the second quarter of 2017 was the strong 18.5%, down from a margin of 20.2% recorded in the second quarter of 2016. Keep in mind that the 20.2% margin in last years second quarter was the highest margin in any quarter in the last 4 years. We continue to invest in technology and process improvements. So, we expect to see a higher technology costs in some quarters going forward. Its important to recognize that unlike our new claim center platform that supports the claims function and is therefore paid for by the exchange, many of the cost associated with our technology initiatives going forward will align with sales, underwriting and policy issuance functions and therefore will be paid for by the Indemnity Company. As we make these investments, you will see the margin fluctuate. Indemnitys investment income in the second quarter of 2017 totaled $6 million compared to $7 million in the second quarter of 2016. The decrease was driven by lower earnings from our limited partnership. Indemnitys year-to-date results tell a similar story. For the first 6 months of 2017, net income was $106 million or $2.03 per diluted share down slightly from the $107 million or $2.04 per diluted share in the first 6 months of 2016. Revenue from operations increased $49 million or 6.2% year-over-year once again in line with the exchanges strong premium growth. Commissions increased $27 million in the first 6 months of 2017 compared to the same period last year resulting from a 6.2% increase in the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange. Non-commission expense increased $26 million in the first half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2016. As in the quarter, the drivers of the increase were higher technology costs, higher underwriting and policy processing costs and higher administrative costs. The gross margin for the first 6 months of 2017 is 17.6% compared to 19.2% in the first 6 months of 2016. Indemnitys investment income for the first half of 2017 totaled $13 million compared to $10 million in the first half of 2016. Finally, our continued success has enabled us to pay our shareholders $36 million in dividends in the second quarter of 2017. And now, I will turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim NeCastro: Thanks, Greg. With Gregs report as a backdrop, let me touch on the strategic focus areas I mentioned on the last call. These are the areas we are focusing on to sustain and accelerate the positive results of our successful business model. I will share a few examples too of how, where we are delivering value to our agents and customers. As you may recall, we have four strategic focus areas. First, continuing to enhance the Erie experience; second, improving our key strategic platforms in our data management; third, exploring new sources of revenue; and fourth, preparing the workforce for the future. These are areas we believe offer the greatest opportunity for continued growth and success into the future. If you have been engaged in our calls over the past few years, you will recognize that these are really an extension of our direction. For instance, the replacement of our claims platform that began in 2014 is nearing completion and we are working to achieve the same kind of efficiencies and better experience for customers, agents and employees on other legacy systems. Improving how we manage and leverage our data represents a clear opportunity that aligns with updating our technology platforms. Right now, we are bringing together the right talent and teams to elevate our capabilities. The work in this area will enable greater accessibility of usable data companywide and this will help drive better decision making and opportunities for innovation. As I mentioned these focal areas arent a shift in our strategic direction, instead they represent a more conservative focus on needs and opportunities for immediate and long-term. In terms of the Erie experience for instance we are introducing process improvements that will enhance speed and flexibility, making it easier for our agents and customers to do business with us, in contemporary ways leveraging digital tools. Our new commercial account quote application system for workers compensation is a good example of how making the process easier leads to increased production. We see new business in this line increased 18% since our agents gained the ability to quote and submit an application electronically. Feedback from both the recent internal survey of agents and our ongoing agent task force meetings demonstrates that our agents agree there is real value in these incremental process improvements. At the same time we are looking ahead and planning for the longer term with our focus on the workforce in the future. Today, we have in place some very successful programs for hiring in advance of need in critical areas like claims, underwriting and field sales. Our most recent hiring session brought in an application pool of more than 600 candidates for just 10 positions. The competition for these programs and the rigor of our selection process guarantees we will get the best of the best. Once hired, we train all new employees to meet our service promise. Our Start Smart program for example continues to prepare new claims employees to confidently meet the needs of our customers on their first day on the job. We also say the future work will demand evolving capabilities and tools, workplace settings and regulatory factors. Our focus on the workforce in the future will allow us to identify and prepare our company, our employees and our agency force for those challenges and opportunities. Many of the initiatives such as our future policy management system will involve multi-year investments of resources, so its important that we plan thoughtfully and with the right cadence to support our continued success for Erie and our agents. As we move forward, we do so from a steady position of strength. Thanks to the work of our dedicated team of agents and employees. We are listed once again among the Fortune 500 and the work of our Erie team also led to continue recognition from our customers. For the fifth consecutive year, we earned the highest score in the J.D. Power and Associates Insurance Shopping Study. Its a great affirmation of the value of our independent agent business model, trusted advisors those seeking financial protection. And finally, we learned recently that A.M. Best once again affirmed the financial health of our property and casualty group with an A+ superior rating. All of these reflect the firm foundation on which Erie was built and which we remain deeply committed to sustaining. And now we would be happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Your line is open.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning.
Tim NeCastro: Good morning Adam.
Adam Klauber: Couple of different questions, how fast did the commercial business versus the personal lines businesses grow in the second quarter?
Greg Gutting: The personal lines businesses is growing faster than commercial, a lot of that has to do with the rate of personal lines are in the private passenger auto as well as the growth we are seeing there in new production.
Adam Klauber: And roughly how much rate are you getting on the auto side?
Greg Gutting: About 5%.
Adam Klauber: 5%, okay. How is the competitive environment in auto, are most companies pushing rate and are you sort of in that mid  are most of the companies pushing for roughly 5% rate or are they pushing for more than 5%?
Tim NeCastro: Adam, I would say that most of them are pushing for at least that and on a relative basis our competitive position in auto is improving. We have looked at the business more holistically in personal lines as a package. We like to sell more than a single policy. And so in previous years, we had to make some great corrections in our homeowners product. We are now making some corrections in auto, but our rate indications are relatively benign at this point.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Okay, great. And then the technology project, how long do you think thats going to last and which vendor  vendors are using for the different systems?
Tim NeCastro: Yes. So Adam, well wrap up the first element of the strategic platform project, the claim center, which is a Guidewire installation when we released the property lines this fall. We have not selected a vendor for the balance of the programs yet and we are evaluating a combination of potential internal solutions and external solutions. Those decisions as there may, will drive the overall duration of the program and we will have more information on that probably on the third quarter call.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Okay, thanks. And then how is growth of the agency force both from a number standpoint and also from a productivity standpoint?
Tim NeCastro: At this point, the number of agencies is growing, but relatively on a very slow basis. What we are seeing is growth within the existing agency force and so we are pretty much on average, the average agency is growing in line with the overall company growth in premium.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Thanks a lot.
Tim NeCastro: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Frederick Shepard of Capital Returns Management. Your line is open.
Frederick Shepard: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just real quick on the commission expense ratio, can you break that into base commissions versus bonus commissions and other accruals and maybe how does that split compared to last year?
Greg Gutting: This is Greg. The splits are similar. I believe I dont have it in front of me, but I believe we are about 85% of the commissions are the base and the rest is profitability bonus and other age incentive costs.
Frederick Shepard: Okay, great. And is that a pretty standard split?
Greg Gutting: It generally is. I mean, it can vary, but its been fairly consistent over the last 2 years.
Frederick Shepard: Okay, great. And then how much of the salary expense had a bonus commission tied to it this quarter and maybe in the year-over-year quarter?
Greg Gutting: The salary?
Frederick Shepard: Yes.
Greg Gutting: There is no bonus commission to the  I guess I am confused about your question.
Tim NeCastro: You mean incentive comp versus base comp?
Frederick Shepard: Yes, yes.
Tim NeCastro: That I dont know, if we
Greg Gutting: We have had  the incentive comp has increased a couple of million dollars for the year 2 to 3. Some of that is driven by the long-term incentives where they are tied to the stock price and the stock price is up over $13 for the year. So, thats driving a lot of it, most of it actually.
Frederick Shepard: Great. Thank you so much, guys.
Tim NeCastro: Yes, thank you.
Operator: I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Scott Beilharz for any further remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks, Ashley and thanks again everyone for joining our call today. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsuramce.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude your program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President, Investor Relations Timothy NeCastro - President & Chief Executive Officer Gregory Gutting - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to introduce your host for today's call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about the 2017 first quarter results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our Web site, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Tim and Greg, and then, we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated May 1, 2017 and in the related press release. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our Web site today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks Scott, and good morning, everyone. Just last week we held our annual meeting with shareholders here at our home office in Erie. As I noted at the meeting, 2016 was truly a great year for Erie. Even the year of transition, the efforts our employees and our agent partners delivered record results and positioned us well for continued strong performance again this year. In the first three months of 2017, growth of 6.7% in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange bolstered our top-line as we continued to outpace forecasted results for the industry. At the end of the first quarter, policyholder surplus is nearing $8 billion. The strong surplus position allows us to meet our commitment of policyholders after the loss. During the first quarter, bad weather played a more prominent role than it did in 2016. That is evident in our reported combined ratio of 100.3, a 5 point increase over the first quarter of 2016. The weather impact was not due to an individual large event, instead we responded to a number of smaller events at the end of February, in the beginning of March, which called on the skilled service of our dedicated cat team. The spring storms impacted nearly every operating territory and the cat team has had a presence in more than 90% of our agent offices affected by the weather, servicing over 12,500 customers impacted by weather related claims. In addition, [indiscernible] in our personal auto line of business similar to the rest of the industry. The first quarter results are showing signs of lost cost trends moderating, but obviously it's too early to make any definitive statement on how the year will develop. We will continue to address profitability consistent with our past practices using a measured approach of taking rate with a long-term view, a strong underwriting focus on new business and focused re-underwriting on our existing book. This will allow us to improve profitability in the personal auto line without shocking our customers. In a minute, Greg will talk more about our first quarter financial results. But first, I would like to recognize Bob Wilburn, a long time member of our Board, who recently retired. Bob joined the Indemnity Board in 1999 serving at many capacities over the years. During his tenure on the Board, Bob served as Chairman of our Audit and Executive Compensation and Development Committees and was a long-time member of our Charitable Giving Committee. I would like to publicly acknowledge and thank Bob for his many years of service and wish him well in his retirement. I'm also pleased to report that two new Directors for our Board were elected at last week's Annual Shareholder Meeting, Gene Connell and Brian Hudson. Gene isn't new to Erie. During his 23-year tenure with the company, he served in various senior positions including Chief Actuary and Chief Risk Officer. Brian Hudson is Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency. Both Directors will bring a wealth of knowledge and experience to our Board and we will look forward to working with them. Now, I will turn the call over to Greg to expand in our first quarter results.
Gregory Gutting: Thanks Tim. Net income in the first quarter of 2017 was $48 million or $0.91 per diluted share compared to $46 million or $0.87 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2016. The growth was driven by increased investment income in the quarter. Net revenue from operations on a pre-tax basis decreased 1.7% from $68 million in the first quarter of 2016 to $67 million in the first quarter this year. Indemnity's management fee revenue increased nearly $25 million to $392 million or 6.7% in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of last year driven by the 6.7% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by this exchange as both policies enforced and average premium per policy increased year-over-year. Indemnity's total operating expenses also increased in the quarter to $333 million representing an 8.4% increase compared to the first quarter of 2016. Commissions [indiscernible] agent partners increased $12 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 driven by the top-line growth. Non-commission expenses increased $14 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of 2016 driven by increases in information technology-related professional fees, underwriting costs and personnel costs including incentive compensation. Indemnity's gross margin for the first quarter of 2017 was 16.7% versus 18.1% in the first quarter of last year. Indemnity's investment income for the quarter totaled $6.6 million compared to $2.6 million in the first quarter of 2016. The $4 million increase was driven by higher net investment income coupled with realized investment gains and equity and earnings of limited partnerships. Finally, in the first three months of 2017, we returned $36 million in dividends to our shareholders. And now, I will turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks Greg. As our financial results confirmed, we're off to a strong start again this year. On our last call, I told you that our strategic focus going forward is really a continuation of what we've done to succeed over the years. Let me recap that focus and add a little color around how we're delivering. You may recall that our leadership team identified four areas of strategic focus to help us continue to win in the marketplace. First, we're continuing to enhance the Erie experience for our employees, agents and customers. We're already driving speed and accuracy with our enhanced online e-signature capability, improved claim service and quicker claim settlement. And our underwriters are equipped with better tools and workflows for greater efficiency. We'll continue to deliver improved digital tools throughout the year and in the years ahead. Our second area of focus is around exploring and developing new sources of revenue that will keep Erie and Erie agents strong. New and expanded coverage in both personal lines and commercial lines continue to roll out. Protections that filled the gaps in homeowner's products as well as our custom collection for business owners, for example, have been well received by our customers and we will continue to research new innovative opportunities in the protection arena as we work to expand our market presence. Our third area of focus is around platform replacement and advanced data management. Our new Erie claim center is an important step in replacing our strategic platforms. It's creating greater flexibility and capability for consolidating our abundant claims data. We will continue to evaluate our policy administration platforms in order to expand our capabilities to accelerate the delivery of future products and services and to provide greater ease of use for our employees, agents and customers. Finally, we're focused on preparing the workforce future. This is a commitment to our current and our future employees. We will embrace the evolving tools, resources and environment needed to attract, develop and retain talent in the coming years. Equipping employees with more innovative technology, greater access to on-demand learning opportunities and a support of work environment will give them the competencies needed to thrive in a changing market and aid their efforts to deliver on our service promise. We're confident that developments across these focal areas will enable us to make continued gains in the market share and to continue to create value for you, our shareholders. Before I close, we have some late breaking news. Just yesterday, J.D. Power & Associates released their results for the 2017 insurance shopping study. For the fifth year on a row, Erie achieved the top score for customer satisfaction with the auto insurance purchase experience. This recognition in particular demonstrates our commitment to the Erie experience and I'd like to thank all of our dedicated agents and employees for the role they play in our customer shopping experience. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning and congrats on the J.D. Power recognition.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Amit.
Amit Kumar: Just few questions and then I'll re-queue. The first question goes back to the one-time or some of the expense lines and I was wondering if you could just talk about how we should think about the remaining quarters, just to keep on showing up or it's just more one time in nature?
Gregory Gutting: Amit, this is Greg Gutting. Our expenses vary from quarter-to-quarter, when you compare this year --this year's first quarter to last year's first quarter, we are seeing an increase in the IT spend, but some of that's related to the first quarter of last year being a little lower than you might expect. Some of the other things on the administrative and other expenses we saw a large increase a couple of million dollars related to the long-term incentive accrual and that was just a function of the stock price -- the company's stock price going up over $10 during the quarter. So, that's some of the detail around what happened during the quarter.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Moving on to -- I guess the main focus topic. On the personal auto side, your top -- your premiums grew 10%. Can you talk about what drove that growth and generally where is that business coming from -- is that coming from some other larger national carriers pulling back because of their attempts to improve their underwriting profitability or is there something more going on that front?
Timothy NeCastro: Amit, this is Tim. We're seeing it from a variety of places. First, we have taken modest rate increases. I think our average premium for the quarter was up around 5% compared to the first quarter of last year. And we're also seeing robust tiff growth, very balanced growth between policy accounts and average premium. We're seeing that business come from a variety of places, certainly many competitors have taken greater rate increases than we have. And it kind of goes back to our longer term focus. We do our best not to shock our customers or our policyholders and so we tend to moderate our rate increases overtime and take that longer term view and it's showing up in the -- our ability to increase our ratings in automobile.
Amit Kumar: Okay. Fair enough. And then, final question, I'll re-queue. Can you talk -- you said that the loss cost trends are moderating a bit, can you just sort of flush that out just talk about the BI and PD component and just sort of give us a quarter over versus past few quarter color? Thanks.
Gregory Gutting: This is Greg. We're seeing moderating in the frequency, the severity in the physical damage we're still keeping a close eye on that the lost costs as far as the more expensive vehicles and technology and stuff we still are seeing a little bit of that. The BI severity has been fairly benign.
Amit Kumar: Okay. I'll stop here and re-queue. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you.
Gregory Gutting: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I show no additional audio questions. We have another follow-up from Mr. Amit Kumar. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks. Maybe just two other clean-up questions. The first question was on the commercial auto, can you talk about how that book is performing and your results seems okay, but maybe just talk about the trends versus the past few quarters?
Gregory Gutting: Yes. We're not seeing anything to unusual. Again our -- book of commercial auto is much different than some of our competitors we're the very small personal auto space more like personal lines. And so we're not seeing a long-haul trucking and that sort of thing we don't write that. So it's been pretty benign.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And the final question I have is, on the reserve release side, it seemed that I think worker's comp releases seemed a bit higher may be just talk about some of the reserve release numbers. And again, I know that [indiscernible] added to that makes us a deal, but maybe just talk about what years the releases came from? Thanks.
Gregory Gutting: That's going to moderate from quarter-to-quarter that it wasn't a big item on our strength, slight changes in what we're seeing nothing major.
Amit Kumar: Okay. I'll stop here. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Amit.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I'm showing no additional audio questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Tim NeCastro for any closing remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Hi. This is Scott. Howard, thank you, and thanks, again, everyone for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our Web site, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 pm Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at Erie code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President, Investor Relations Timothy NeCastro - President & Chief Executive Officer Gregory Gutting - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company, L.L.C.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Nichole, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for todays discussion about the fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we hear from Tim and Greg, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 23, 2017 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we reported Erie Indemnitys 2016 results and the numbers were very good across the board. Compared to 2015, net income was up over 20% and our gross margin improved by nearly 3 points. Premiums written and assumed by Erie Insurance Exchange drove Indemnitys top line growth while continued attention to expense management help to improve the bottom line. We had a really good year and Im very pleased to report record earnings per share of $4.01. As you know, the growth and profitability of the Exchange is an integral part of Indemnitys success. So with that relationship in mind, Ill offer some context around the performance of the Exchange before Greg reviews Indemnitys 2016 financial results. The results for last year affirm that the Exchange remains strong growing profitably. In 2016, record written premiums of the Exchange increased 6.2% over 2015, well ahead of Connings current industry forecast of 3.6%, and for 2016, the Exchange reported a combined ratio of 96.5%. That too surpassed Connings most recent industry forecast of 99.8%. Policyholder surplus is now just over $7.7 billion. The Exchange is indeed thriving and Indemnity continues to benefit from that solid performance. Indemnity also generated very strong results in 2016. The 2016 was more than just a year of strong performance. It was also a transitional year at Erie, marked by a new executive leadership in the anticipation of what that change might look like internally. And through that change, our employees and agents remain true through to our service promise conducting business with the dedication and expertise that allowed for a seamless transition and record results with no disruption to our operation. Im very thankful to our employees and agents for their consistent professionalism and dedication. We accomplished a great deal operationally last year as well. Always mindful that we need to make it easier for our agents and customers to do business with us, we ramped up replacement of our legacy claims infrastructure. We provided the training and resources our employees need to succeed and in an effort to remain current and competitive in the marketplace, we expanded our product offerings. One of our greatest accomplishments last year was the expansion of our new claims management system to service our largest line of business, automobile. In addition to that, we introduced the new online loss reporting process for agents enabling them to enhance the customers claim experience from the start. Erie Claim Center is the largest technology improvement weve made in recent history, and we rolled it out on time and on budget. Although, there are always challenges with a project of this magnitude, this platform replacement together with our newly centralized first notice of loss team and the ability to pay claims electronically demonstrates our commitment to provide the best possible claim service well into the future. We also invested in our greatest asset, our employees. Utilizing our state-of-the-art technical learning center, we provided ongoing education and training to over 500 employees and agents in 2016, both in the classroom and with hands on experience. And our innovation lab besides providing collaborative space for internal teams hosted crowdsourcing events for IT employees, interns and apprentices allowing them to work alongside programmers and developers from other businesses in our community. These day long sessions generated many new ideas some of which are now in our innovation pipeline for further research and development. We also continue to offer new and improved products keeping our agents strong and our customers protected. In personal automobile, for example, our motorcycle and ridesharing products continue to be very well received as we introduced them into more states. And in our homeowners line, we introduced new coverages for underground service line damage and equipment breakdown, helping to fill common coverage gaps. In commercial lines, our custom collection suite of products was offered to additional business classes throughout the year. Finally, our accomplishments last year did not go unnoticed. Were very proud of the fact that we continue to earn recognition from J.D. Power and others reinforcing the fact that we are good at what we do. So as we look ahead to this year and beyond, well continue to capitalize and build on our proven business model. Ill talk more about our business model and our strategic focus going forward after Greg discusses our 2016 financial results. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thanks, Tim. Yesterday, we reported excellent 2016 financial results for both the fourth quarter and full-year. Beginning with the fourth quarter results, net income increased to $46 million, or $0.87 per diluted share compared to $30 million, or $0.57 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2015. The growth was driven by increased revenues, net revenues from operations and total investment income. Net revenue from operations before taxes increased nearly $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, representing a 35% increase over the fourth quarter of 2015. Indemnitys management fee revenue increased $23 million, or 6.7% in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to 2015, while the cost of operations increased 2.7%, or just over $8 million in the same period. Commission-related expenses in the fourth quarter increased $10 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, while non-commission-related expenses decreased nearly $2 million during that same period. Our resulting gross margin for the fourth quarter of 2016 was 14.9% versus a 11.7% in the fourth quarter of 2015. Finally, investment income for the quarter totaled $13.5 million compared to $4.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. The increase was driven primarily by earnings from our limited partnerships. Indemnitys full-year results also tell a story of strong growth. Net income for the year was $210 million, or $4.01 per diluted share compared to $175 million, or $3.33 per diluted share in 2015. The increased earnings were driven by net revenue from operations as revenue growth outpaced expense growth. As a result, Indemnitys gross margin for the full-year 2016 was 18.3% compared to 15.4% in 2015. Management fee revenue in 2016 increased $92million, or 6.2% compared to 2015, while the total operating expenses increased just over $31 million, or 2.5% year-over-year. When we talk about expenses, we make a distinction between commission-related and non-commission-related costs. Commissions paid to independent agents are the largest component of our cost of operations. For the year, commissions increased nearly $46 million, or 5.4% compared to 2015, driven by the 6.2% increase in direct and assumed written premiums of the Exchange. Several factors contributed to a $14.6 million, or 3.4% decrease in non-commission costs for the year compared to 2015. Year-over-year, information technology expenses were down over $2 million as a result of decreased personnel costs and customer service expenses decreased nearly $5 million, as we incurred fewer credit card processing fees. Administrative costs decreased almost $8 million due to decreased personnel costs, including incentive compensation forfeited by departing senior executives in 2016. Personnel costs in 2016 benefited from decreased pension costs and lower medical costs due to favorable medical claims experience compared to 2015. Pension costs decreased primarily due to an increase in the pension discount rate compared to 2015. However, pension benefit costs will increase in 2017 as a result of a lower discount rate and a lower assumed expected return on assets in 2017. Finally, Indemnitys income from investment before taxes was $27.8 million in 2016 compared to $33.7 million in 2015. The decrease was primarily attributed to a decrease in limited partnership earnings. And once again, Ill remind you that this asset class is in run [ph] and we continue to expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from these investments. Our 2016 results confirm that Indemnity had a very good year. Both superior performance and the strength of our balance sheet enabled us to return a $136 million in dividends to our shareholders in 2016. And in December, our Board approved a 7.2% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend for both Class A and Class B shares for 2017. Our financial strength also has enabled us to invest in the future with the construction of our new office building. Construction is expected to take approximately three years to complete. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. As we look ahead to 2017 and Eries business approach, our executive team isnt looking for revolutionary changes to our business model. We will capitalize on our brand strength evolving it and giving it a contemporary look. I know with certainty that well have to address disruptive trends in our industry and that the customer of the future will have a new face and new expectation. And while change wont happen overnight, the evolving needs of the customer is the certainty that will help shape our priorities. We remain unquestionably committed to our proven distribution channel. Our dedicated independent agents will continue to be the face of Erie forging lasting relationships with our customers. It will be our job to build out the core and improve our existing business model. We will continue to strengthen the Erie experience for our agents, customers, and employee by linking digital capabilities with our distinctive human touch and becoming more efficient on a 24/7 timetable. We want to Erie to always be the agents and customers coverage of choice. We will also respond to changing consumer behavior, new risk patterns, and the needs that arise from emerging technology, and we will continue to look for prime opportunities to grow market share. And as we did with Erie Claim Center, we will look closely at our infrastructure and begin our journey of replacing legacy platforms and solutions to improve efficiency, service, and data management paramount to better decision-making in our business. We will examine the workforce and workplace of tomorrow focusing on the skills, capabilities, and space needed to succeed in a changing industry. We will continue to recruit and develop talent and provide the environment that will keep our employees engage, while allowing us to meet new levels of service for customers and agents. Flexibility were possible leads to happier, healthier, and more productive employees. Thinking ahead and anticipating disruptive forces will provide opportunity, our world and our industry are changing. And while that change wont happen tomorrow, it will happen and we have to start planning for it today. It is in this way that the Exchange will continue to thrive and Indemnity will continue to produce value for you, our shareholders in 2017 and beyond. Now, well be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning. Just a few questions, I guess, to start with. Number one, if I look at the combined ratio for private passenger auto, can you just broadly talk about how youre thinking about the loss cost trends and the rate increases you might be looking at going forward?
Timothy NeCastro: Certainly. Good morning, Amit. Eries experience is on par, in fact, a little bit better than the industry. And from our perspective, we look at personal lines households, not just at the automobile line of business. And so when we look at things in the aggregate and as our agents sell more package policies, we are seeing very consistent profitability trends for ourselves in the personal lines arena. Certainly, we are seeing increases in loss costs like the industry is seeing. We know that those things are attributable to things like distracted driving and the advent of new technology is being utilized in cars. For Erie, we see relatively moderate rate actions. We tend to handle profitability concerns really with three levers. So while we could take rate and we certainly adjust rates periodically from time to time using sophisticated pricing, we also handle profitability through our agency management practices and our underwriting practices. And really underwriting has been one of the consistent strengths and strategic strengths of Erie for many, many years.
Amit Kumar: In terms of when you talk about that, is a loss cost uptick, is that on the bodily injury side, or is that on the property damage side for you?
Timothy NeCastro: Its on the  its predominantly on the property damage side.
Amit Kumar: Okay.
Timothy NeCastro: Industry is I think  we are seeing industry results that are far more skewed toward BI than ours are, but we are seeing it more on the PD side and we attribute that to the increased repair cost on automobiles, because theres so much technology built into them today.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Moving on to the commercial auto piece and I know its a smaller piece for Erie, thats one of the new sort of hotspots. Any thoughts on how you expect that to emerge over 2017?
Gregory Gutting: This is Greg Gutting. Our book is a little bit different on commercial auto than the industry. So we have like the small fleets and whatnot. So we are not seeing a lot of the same things that the industry is seeing there.
Amit Kumar: Got it. The final question I have is, in the past you talked about, I guess, cross-selling, if you will, in terms of personal lines policyholders also owning life insurance policies. Any updated thoughts on the penetration levels on that?
Gregory Gutting: Were seeing  this is Greg, again. Were seeing some gains there and thats something were looking to focus on in the future and nothing substantial at this point.
Timothy NeCastro: Amit, this is Tim. Really some of the work that weve accomplished in the customer arena. Its really systems based. Its giving us a broader view of who our customers are and how deeply penetrated we are. I would say, were early on. We are seeing some marginal improvement. But we think that some of the work that the foundational work thats being accomplished is going to help us far more in the future.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That makes sense. That  thats all I have for now. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Timothy NeCastro: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Adam Klauber: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Timothy NeCastro: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: A couple of different questions and sorry, I missed the first part of the call, so I apologize if you had talked about these. Yes, for 2017, how should we think about the direction of some of the expense items, the salaries and some of the other expenses, technology investments, could you  and I apologize if you said that already, but could you walk through just directionally where the?
Timothy NeCastro: Well, we had the advantage this year of some lower costs. The pension were down just as a function of the discount rate. So those costs are going to go up a little bit in 2017. The medical expenses were down and were self insured, so that flows through. So we experienced less medical claims parity there on the larger claims, so we saw some of that. We saw the benefit of some of the  or the bonus plans for executives who left or where we hadnt grow up, or which were removed, so that was part of it. We also altered the payment plans that we take credit cards on during 2016, which reduced the credit card expense, which we expect that to go back up a little bit in 2017. So we had  we were benefited on a few fronts on the 2016 on the expenses.
Gregory Gutting: Adam, I would say on the technology front, were going to continue to make investments in our legacy platform replacing that platform. And its difficult to predict what the expense stream is going to look like. A lot of it is kind of built on itself, but we expect 2017 to be a very rigorous year in the technology arena.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And as far as other expenses non-tech and again not looking for exact numbers. But are there going to be investments, or is it just more normal growth of the expense base next year?
Gregory Gutting: And we continually invest not only in IT, but in other process improvement and customer experience things. But I dont see any major expenditures there, but its more in line with what weve done in the past.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Then how are you thinking about cash usage for 2017, or what are your priorities?
Gregory Gutting: Well, we have very good cash flows with the building coming on. We actually were able to leverage our strength there and lock in a very good rate for financing most of the buildings. So I see thats similar to what weve seen in the past.
Timothy NeCastro: Really Id say predominantly to fund our operation, of course, fund dividends for shareholders, we dont anticipate any major drains on cash in 2017.
Adam Klauber: Okay. So still mainly dividends, buyback, is that consideration, or not that much?
Gregory Gutting: The dividends for sure the buybacks.
Timothy NeCastro: Yes, look at those
Gregory Gutting: Yes.
Timothy NeCastro: If its opportunistic.
Gregory Gutting: Yes.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then as far as growth of the agency for us, I guess, which states or which areas do you think youll see some pockets of growth this year?
Gregory Gutting: Yes, I mean, weve had some  weve had a relatively stable agency portion in terms of numbers of agencies, its been hovering around 2,250 agencies or so. And we continue to make appointments in some of the newer territories, or lesser developed territories like Tennessee and Illinois. I would continue to see those types of appointments occur. The license producers is the area where were seeing greater growth. Weve seen increase of almost 3,000 licensed producers over the past five years, and so now were around 4,500 producers up there. So thats growth within existing agencies. I think that the number, I think that were averaging around $2.9 million of direct written premium per agency, as we sit here today, and thats up from about $1.7 million about five years ago. So we are more deeply penetrated in the existing agency plant.
Adam Klauber: Great, great. So as we think about 2017, maybe not a lot of growth in the agency for us, but continued growth on those and that number of producers, is that a way to think about it?
Gregory Gutting: Yes. Now my feel [ph] dimension, well be appointing producers in Kentucky, our newest territory as well.
Adam Klauber: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Gregory Gutting: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And Im showing no further questions at this time. Id like to hand the call back to Scott Beilharz for any closing remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks, Nichole. Excuse me, thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com at 4:30 PM Eastern time today. If you have any questions, please call me at Erie code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Timothy NeCastro: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP, IR Timothy NeCastro - CEO Gregory Gutting - EVP and CFO Sean McLaughlin - EVP and General Counsel
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Christine, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about the third quarter 2016 results. Joining me today are Tim NeCastro, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. Before we hear from Tim and Greg, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the Company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated October 27, 2016 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-Q that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our Web site today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. It is my pleasure to be with you today and to share our results and to briefly introduce our new leadership team. Let me start by acknowledging that as approach the end of 2016 Erie is in a very good place. Indemnity reported solid gains and net income for both the third quarter and year-to-date resulting in earnings per share of $3.14 for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $2.75 for the same period in 2015. The 6.1% year-to-date increase in the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange drove our strong topline growth and we continue to outpace Conning's industry forecast of 3.6% for 2016. Furthermore our operating margins continue to grow as we manage expenses wisely. Given the backdrop of a solid financial performance, I'm very excited to share with you some decisions regarding Erie's new Executive Council. Experienced Erie leaders are being promoted to oversee our sales, products, claims and customer service operations. Doug Smith who currently serves as Interim Executive Vice President of Product, Sales and Marketing has been named Executive Vice President of Sales and Products. Lorianne Feltz currently Senior Vice President of Customer Service will take on the extended role of Executive Vice President of Claims and Customer Service. Both Doug and Lorianne have substantial tenure and knowledge of the Erie. They are well prepared and committed to lead these areas critical to Erie's mission and our success. Additionally I've asked Sherri Silver, Senior Vice President of Strategic Marketing to join our Executive Council. In addition to our marketing expertise, Sherri's proven financial and analytical acumen, as well as her insight and strategic abilities operate great value to our team. Doug, Lorianne and Sherri round out our Executive Council whose members also include Greg Gutting, Chief Financial Officer; Bob Ingram, Chief Information Officer; Sean McLaughlin, our General Counsel; Dionne Wallace Oakley, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Dave Bednar, Vice President and our Executive Support. And as we shared on the last call, Terry Cavanaugh's is continuing to operate his guidance and support through the end of this year. As a leader at Erie and throughout my career, I've always encouraged diversity of perspective and candid respectful collaboration and I will continue to take that approach for our Executive Council. I have great confidence that together with Erie employees and agents, well continue shaping successful path into the future. Now with the team in place, well sharpen our focus on strategic initiatives and delivering our promise of superior protection and service at the lowest possible cost. We will continue to make investments in our employees and agents and the technology that supports the work. At the same time our approach to expense management will remain disciplined and balanced to enable our continued growth. While we're pleased with our performance, we will continue to challenge ourselves and look for new opportunities to make the Erie experience even better for all those we serve. We made significant progress this month with the rollout of our new platform supporting our claims processing. As you know we launched claims under last year at this time with our workers compensation line. This month we began moving our largest line of business auto, along with boat and garage into the new claim system. We're on track to implement all other lines in 2017. While processing improvements and its revolutionary, they are necessary for the kind of steady increase in efficiency and effectiveness that are the backbone of any company that wants to remain relevant and continue growing. Claim center for example has enabled us to reduce the time it takes to settle a claim and provide greater consistency and service. It also established a springboard for process improvements with our agents. An easier process for taking loss reports means the reagents and better focus on providing the human touch that customer's value. Further enhancing the customer experience, we anticipate the completion of our first notice of loss centralization and specialization efforts in early 2017. Since its inception one year ago, we've seen a decrease in the amount of time it takes to handle a claim and improve customer satisfaction scores. And our efforts have not gone unnoticed. Just last week we received another affirmation that Erie continues to improve its customer service capability. Erie ranked second among insurers in the 2016 J.D. Power and Associates Auto Claims Satisfaction Study. Improving from sixth place last year, the results put Erie at our highest ever point total in five service related categories and well above the industry average. Finally before I ask Greg to expand on our financial results Id like to express on behalf of all of us at Erie, our deep concern for those impacted by Hurricane Matthew. In addition to the immediate service of our first responders, Erie will make a monetary contribution through relief efforts in North Carolina for customers suffered the greatest hardship. I'd also like to share my profound personal gratitude to our clients, employees and our agents. Our co-founder H.O. Hirt liked to say that insurance is nothing if not a service industry. Severe weather events like Hurricane Matthew put back at to the test and once again our Erie team fulfilled that promise. I'll turn the call over to Greg now to report our third quarter and year-to-date results. Greg?
Gregory Gutting: Thank you, Tim. Our third quarter results reinforce the strong position we continue to experience in 2016. As Tim said earlier, careful expense management helped revenue growth outpace expense growth in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, driving solid gains in net income. In the third quarter, net income was $57 million or $1.09 per diluted share compared to $50 million or $0.94 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2015. For the first nine months of 2016, net income was $165 million or $3.14 per diluted share compared to $145 million or $2.75 for the same period in 2015. The third quarter operating revenue increased $22 million or 5.5% over last year's third quarter. For the first nine months of 2016, operating revenue increased $68 million or 5.9%, compared to the first nine months of 2015. Growth in both the quarter and the year is consistent with the increase in the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange as policies in force and average premium per policy continue to grow in all major product lines. Operating expenses grew $8 million and $23 million for the quarter and nine months when compared to the same period last year. In the third quarter, commissions increased $9 million compared to the third quarter of 2015 bringing the total commission increase for the first nine months to $36 million compared to the same period last year. The increase in both the quarter and the year was driven by an increase in the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange. Non-commission expense decreased $1 million and $13 million in the third quarter and nine months of the year compared to the same period in 2015. We are pleased with these results and we continue to exercise prudent expense management. For example in the first quarter, we implemented some changes that decreased our credit card processing fees. At the same time, we recognized that we benefited from favorable conditions this year. For instance, we are experiencing lower pension cost due to an increase in the discount rate and we incurred lower medical cost this year compared to last year. A continued topline growth combined with reduced non-commission expenses resulted in net revenue from operations before taxes for the quarter of $82 million, up $14 million compared to the $68 million in net revenue earned in the third quarter of 2015. Year-to-date, net revenues from operations before taxes totaled $236 million, up $45 million compared to the same period in 2015. As I mentioned, third quarter revenue growth once again outpaced expense growth resulting in an improved operating margin of 19.7%, compared to 17.2% in the third quarter of 2015. And then the operating margin for the first nine months of the year was 19.4%, compared to 16.6% in the first nine months of 2015. Indemnity's investment income before taxes totaled $4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $7 million in the same period last year and $14 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $29 million in the first nine months of 2015. Losses from limited partnerships were the reason for the decrease in investment income. As I have mentioned in the past, this asset class is in run-off and we are expecting more limited and inconsistent earnings from the asset class. Earlier this month one of our real estate partnership had a sale of its remaining assets that resulted in a distribution generating significant gain, a gain of approximately $7.5 million will be recorded in equity and earnings of limited partnership in our fourth quarter 2016 financial statement. Finally our continued growth and profitability has enabled us to pay dividends in the amount of $102 million to our shareholders in the first three quarters of 2016. Now I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Greg. We had a great year so far delivering on our enduring promise of best-in-class service. And with our executive management team in place, we'll continue to address operational challenges and to capitalize on market opportunities. At the same time we recognize the market and industry challenges are changes are inevitable. Innovation is no longer a buzzword it's a business imperative. We'll respond by emphasizing our distinctive service and by investing in a technology and tools necessary to remain competitive.  Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Amit Kumar of Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar : Thanks and good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Just a few questions I guess to begin with. Number one, going back to Hurricane Matthew, do you have an early read, what the impact might be on your results from Hurricane Matthew?
Gregory Gutting: Yes, we are seeing losses coming and we are expecting to incur between $15 million and $20 million on the property/casualty side.
Amit Kumar : $15 million to $20 million, okay, that's helpful. Number two, going back to the discussion on the claim system and you talked about the platform being expanded as you head into 2017, is there a way to put maybe some sort of loss ratio impact - in expense ratio or loss ratio impact from the new claim system, is it possible to quantify the impact on results from this system?
Gregory Gutting: While there will be a little bit of an incremental cost on the property/casualty operations, the vast majority of its capitalized and you'll see that amortized over probably a seven year period. So there is a slight uptick, although, we've done some all of those things that have actually made us more efficient. So that you are not see it it's currently I believe at 27.5. So this will be part of the claims, but it would be minimal on the whole overall claims adjusting expense ratio which is right around 10.
Amit Kumar : And in terms of the loss ratio impact, my sense it's - if it's optimizing the process there might be some sort of an improvement in loss ratio or am I overreaching on that thought process?
Timothy NeCastro: Yes, that's part of the trade off here as the investment in technology is going to help us improve our efficiency and it should neutralize the investment we're making in the system.
Amit Kumar : Okay. That's helpful. Then moving on to broader marketplace and many companies if you look at The Hartford earlier today on their conference call or if you go back to Travelers and some others they've talked about the loss cost trends in personal auto worsening maybe from a economy et cetera. Could you first of all just talked about the loss cost trend in your personal auto book? What sort of frequency and severity numbers you are seeing in that? And then I'll come back with a follow-up on that.
Gregory Gutting: So we are seeing the frequency go up and little bit on the severity, we're seeing the same trends that the rest of the industry is seeing.
Amit Kumar: Go ahead.
Timothy NeCastro: I'd say we attribute that really too. Certainly we're seeing an increase in the number of miles driven. We're at conference of the Insurance Institute last week and they commented on the report with distracted driving and they really prove, but clearly it's easy to see if you drive up down the highways today.
Amit Kumar: That's a fair point. In terms of that trend, is there any sort of pricing initiative in place to address that trend. You know, a lot of peers are talking about putting in a new rate filings and chasing rate more aggressively. I guess its a two-part question. Number one, do you anticipate to pursue any rate action? And I guess number two, if not do you expect to market share benefit because other companies are right-sizing their operation?
Timothy NeCastro: I would say, weve always priced responsively for the marketplace in our experience in the market. We take a longer term view. So we would tend to have more moderate rate actions probably in the competition and we don't have any plans for dramatic rate increases in the organization. And while our losses are running a little harder than normal right now they are moderating.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's actually good to know. The other question I had was sort of fishing gears. Commercial auto is another hotspot for some of the other companies. Can you talk about your trends in that market and is that book comparable to the other larger players or is there a difference in that book?
Gregory Gutting: So we are seeing some of the similar trends, now they are not quite as dramatic as the first line of site but were seeing a little bit of that as well.
Timothy NeCastro: We think some of that is influenced by the type of business thats in commercial auto and some of the other markets where we tend to focus on automobile fleets, were not in the larger vehicle markets and so I think our experience is little more moderate but its running comparable to our personal lines automobile experience.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Thats helpful. The last question I guess is obvious your targets are different than some of the other companies based on the structure et cetera. How should we think about sort of an overall target combined ratio, what you might be looking at in your internal plans. Can you sort of just broadly talk about that on an overall basis and maybe also if possible delve deeper into personal home owners and on the commercial side. What are some of the internal targets youre trying to achieve based on the economy as well as the depressed interest rate climate. Thanks.
Gregory Gutting: So we take a long-term approach to things and so weve a targeted a rate of return that were trying to get but we dont necessarily need to get that each and every year related to every one of our product lines. So I dont know that we really share our targeted combined ratio but you can see over the year's kind of where we fall in and its been fairly stable. The years that have been outliers either positive or negative have been the result of increased or decreased catastrophic losses.
Timothy NeCastro: I can comment that what influences, what were thinking about in terms of that combined ratio clearly has to encompass a lot of different constituents. So our agent's competitiveness in the marketplace, were contemplating relationships with our policyholders and retention of those policyholders as well. So we really don't publish a targeted combined ratio.
Amit Kumar: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] That concludes our Q&A session for today. Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Scott Beilharz for any further remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks again for joining us today. As a reminder a recording of this call will be posted on our Web site erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at Erie code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President of Investor Relations Terrence Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer Timothy NeCastro - President and Chief Executive Officer of Designate Gregory Gutting - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sean McLaughlin - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Q - 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Christine, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about the 2016 second quarter results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tim NeCastro, President and Chief Executive Officer Designate; Greg Gutting, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Terry, Tim and Greg and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the Companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated July 28, 2016 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-Q that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Once again Erie has delivered another strong quarter. Net income was $61 million resulting in earnings per share of a $1.17 compared to a $1.7 in the second quarter of last year. Additionally, our operating margin continues to improve increasing 2.8 points to 20.2% in the quarter compared to the same period last year. These solid results reinforce our performance for the first half of the year and speak to the service commitment of our dedicated agents and employees. And now before Greg provides more detail around our results. Id like to introduce Eries next President and CEO, Tim NeCastro. As you know, Tim was chosen by Eries Board of Directors to become my successor and we made that announcement in early June. I'm pleased to say that Tim will officially take on the role of CEO on Monday, August 1. I will continue in my role as President to be available to Tim and the Erie to the remainder of 2016. Tim is a 20-year member of the Erie family and has served on the senior leadership team here since 1997. He's held the positions of Controller, Senior Vice President of Customer Service and most recently Senior Vice President of the West region. With that experience, Tim brings financial, sales, and service acumen to the top job. He has excelled as a leader here and he understands the culture and core values that make us distinctive in the industry. For the past two months, Tim and I've been working closely together to ensure a smooth transition and I'm confident that under Tim's leadership Erie will be in very good hands. Congratulations and welcome Tim. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tim for a few comments.
Timothy NeCastro: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by echoing Terry's remarks that Erie is in a great place. During his tenure, Terry has been a relentless advocate for hiring and developing talent and challenging us to think smarter as evident in our strong balance sheet and our operating results. We continue to be with this robust organization today largely as a result of the knowledge and guidance Terry has provided over the past eight years. As a leadership at Erie transitions we won't lose sight of the gains weve made under Terry's direction. Certainly well continue to change and evolve that our success on many fronts suggests a sustained and engaged effort. As CEO my focus will be on three key areas. First, we will fortify our core strength by improving our products and services and by developing new offerings enabling us to capitalize on a changing world. Second, we will continue to be responsible stewards of Eries strong balance sheet. And third, we will further engage our dedicated agents and employees challenging them to deliver on our service promise in ways that continue to distinguish us in the marketplace. Throughout 2016, our advanced programs already underway has focus on innovation and I'll dedicate resources to other opportunities that will position Erie for the future. Ill also be working to shape Eries Executive team going forward. Earlier this week Greg Gutting was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Greg brings solid experience and strong financial expertise to the position and I have great confidence in Greg's ability to lead our financial team. With that Id like to congratulate him and officially welcome him as a member of Eries executive team. Congratulations, Greg.
Gregory Gutting: Thank you, Tim. I look forward to working with you and the executive team. And now I'll report on Eries second quarter results. As you saw on the earnings release yesterday Erie had a solid second quarter. Net income per diluted share was up from a $1.07 in the second quarter of last year to $1.17 this year. This improvement was generated by both increased revenue from operations and careful expense management. Revenue from operations grew by $22 million in the quarter representing a 5.5% increase in the topline compared to the same period last year and is consistent with the 5.8% increase in the direct and assumed written premiums of the Exchange. We continue to generate increases in both policies in force and average premium per policy in all our major product lines supporting this growth. Turning to our quarterly expenses, commission related expenses increased $12 million or 5.4% compared to the second quarter of 2015. The increase was driven primarily by the 5.8% increase in direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange and higher agent incentive costs related to profitable growth. Partially offsetting the commission expense increase was the 5.2% decrease in non-commission related expenses. During the second quarter of 2016 non-commission related expenses totaled $102 million down from a $108 million last year as a result of our commitment to prudent expense management. This $6 million savings resulted primarily from lower information technology, professional fees and personnel related costs and lower credit card processing fees. For the quarter net revenue from operations before taxes totaled $86 million up $16 million for over 22% compared to the second quarter of 2015. Similar to the first quarter of this year we are pleased that revenue growth once again outpaced expense growth, significantly improving our operating margin from 17.4% in the second quarter of last year to 20.2% in the second quarter of this year. Turning to Indemnitys investment results. The second quarter saw investment income decreased by $8 million compared to last year's second quarter. The decrease is attributable to a decrease in returns from our limited partnership investments. Again, be mindful that this portion of our portfolio is in run-off and we expect more limited and inconsistent earnings from this asset class. Finally, our continued growth and profitability has enabled us to pay $34 million in dividends to our shareholders in the second quarter of this year. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Terry.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you, Greg and congratulations. Before we take your questions, I want to share a few updates with you. We recently opened an innovation lab for our best and brightest. This collaborative space offers our talented employees a stimulating environment that encourages creative and innovative thinking. Its indicative on our commitment to developing new products and services that will resonate with our customers and reflect the emerging opportunities in the marketplace. In the years to come, I'm confident; Tim will be sharing some of the exciting developments that will come from the team's efforts in the innovation lab. Under Tims leadership, I know Erie will continue to encourage new and different thinking. We will continue to promote and test new ideas and technology pushing ourselves knowing that as technology gets smarter, we have to get smarter. Finally, Erie continues to earn third-party recognition for our performance and results. Last month, A.M. Best reaffirmed our A+ Superior rating for the property and casualty group. We were also recognized by J.D. Power and Associates in three separate studies. We are in the top spot in the auto insurance shopping study for the fourth year in a row. We were highest in customer satisfaction for the mid-Atlantic region and the auto insurance satisfaction study and we moved up a notch time for third place in the property claims study. Together, these recognitions affirm our ongoing commitment to being above all in service. And once again we have been listed among the Fortune 500 companies. It's another acknowledgement that our value proposition continues to resonate with the marketplace. I think I can speak for both Tim and myself when I tell you it's an exciting time to be leading this organization. Erie is in a good place. We are growing and profitable. We have a deep bench of talent, proven financial strength, strong agency relationships, and an unwavering commitment to service. All position Erie well for a sound prosperous future. It has been my privilege to lead this great organization over the last eight years. I want to thank my fellow team members at Erie, our dedicated and talented agents, and our customers for the confidence they have placed in me and the wisdom they have imparted to me. Coming out of Notre Dame 41 years ago, I would have never imagined the career I have experienced. I am grateful to all. I'm looking forward to the next chapter in my professional and personal journey. Thank you. And now, we will open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
 :
 : End of Q&A
Scott Beilharz: Okay. There are no questions. Thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at Erie code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP of Investor Relations Terry Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Gutting - Interim EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, [Sahid], and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about the 2016 first quarter results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Interim Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Terry and Greg and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC dated April 28, 2016 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-Q that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone.  Last week, we held our annual meeting of shareholders and wrapped up our 90th anniversary year. As I noted in the meeting, it was truly a complete year for Erie. The collaborative work and strong execution of our Erie employees and agents in 2015 resulted in financial and operational success across the organization.  As we entered 2016, we continued to build on that success, producing strong profitable growth. Net income was $46 million or $0.87 per share in the first quarter of 2016 compared to $39 million or $0.74 per share in the first quarter of 2015. This growth was driven by increased net revenue from operations. Greg will discuss our first quarter results in more detail.  Throughout our 2016 we will remain focused on execution around our product portfolio and service platforms. In each of our product lines we know there's opportunity for new and existing customers. We're providing agents with the resources to take advantage of cross-selling potential. We're helping our agents identify customers with standalone Erie products, recognizing their need for additional or different insurance protection. The goal is to ensure our customers have total coverage with Erie while maximizing the agency relationship.  To provide that kind of inclusive coverage, we're looking to our current customers and evolving -- for their evolving needs. As you know, last year we introduced a number of new or enhanced products across all lines: personal, commercial and life. In 2016 we will continue to promote and further expand these products throughout our footprint.  In personal lines, we're leveraging the popularity of our ridesharing coverage and our new motorcycle product. Eries motorcycle coverage has been especially well received, with exposures up 150% in the past six months where we're offering this coverage.  We're also expanding our commercial portfolio. Our custom collection suite of products allows agents to sell more effectively to targeted classes of business. So far this year we've added auto service and retailers to the collection. Technology related businesses and professional offices will be added by year end.  Our commercial portfolio will also benefit from enhanced coverage we're adding to our current mechanical and electrical breakdown product. Until now equipment breakdown required evidence of actual physical damage. Going forward this renamed equipment breakdown coverage will automatically include protection when physical damage is not detectable or when software failure causes non-physical damage. This new product is known as Tech Advantage. Erie is the first major carrier to include this valuable coverage.  Offering this additional critical protection for today's business owners gives us a competitive advantage and its another way we support our commitment to be above all in service to our customers.  Beyond our product expansion, we're also growing our market presence in commercial lines through an increased focus on middle market. We've established a dedicated team to enhance consistent underwriting, loss control and claim support for these middle market accounts. We will continue expand our capabilities in this area and will add new capabilities to address additional business classes not currently reflected in Eries book. We see this as an exciting revenue and market driver for Erie and we'll keep you posted on our progress.  In terms of geographic expansion, our newest territory, Kentucky, continues to be a great story. Direct written premiums are already exceeding early expectation. In 2016 we will continue to expand our presence there.  Our claims operations will also see continued improvements in 2016. Auto claims will be added to the claim center platform, continuing the execution, refreshing our claims technology, one of our key strategic initiatives. Additionally, we are improving our first notice of loss process. A centralized team housed in our home office will provide greater consistency and efficiency. This team will answer claim calls from our entire footprint 24x7 giving customers the quality service they need during a vulnerable time. That's the kind of smart thinking and executing that were asking every Erie employee and agent to embrace, so we remain relevant with customers and competitive with our peers.  Finally, I would like to welcome two new members of our Board of Directors: LuAnn Datesh, Vice President, CNX Gas Corporation, and retired Erie Executive George Lucore. LuAnn and George bring a wealth of knowledge and experience and will be true assets to our board.  I will now ask Greg Gutting to provide the detail of our financial results for the quarter. 
Greg Gutting: Thank you, Terry. As Terry mentioned, our first quarter results continued to build on the success we had in 2015. Net income was $0.87 per diluted share compared to $0.74 in the first quarter of last year. This growth was driven by increased revenue from operations and lower expense growth.  Revenue from operations grew by $24 million. This meaningful top line growth represents a 6.8% increase over the prior year period and it's consistent with the 7.1% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange.  For the quarter, cost of operations grew $8.7 million or 2.9% to $307 million. Commission expense grew $15 million or 7.7%, primarily driven by the direct and assumed written premiums of the exchange and higher agent incentive costs related to profitable growth.  Non-commission expenses decreased $6.3 million in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the first quarter of 2015. For the quarter information technology costs decreased $4.7 million due to decreased professional fees. Administrate and other costs decreased $2.6 million due to a decrease in personnel costs.  For the quarter, net revenue from operations before taxes totaled $68 million, up $15 million over the prior year quarter. Revenue growth outpaced expense growth, increasing our gross margin to 18.1% compared to 14.9% in the first quarter of 2015.  Indemnitys investment income for the quarter was down $4 million compared to the same period in 2015. Of that $4 million decrease, $3 million represents a decrease in our limited partnership investment return. As a reminder, this portion of our portfolio is in run-off and continues to produce variable return. Finally, in the first three months of 2016 we are pleased to have paid $34 million in dividends to our shareholders.  I'll now turn the call back over to Terry. 
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Greg. I think wed like to now open up the call to any questions anybody might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
Unidentified Analyst:
Terry Cavanaugh: End of Q&A
Terry Cavanaugh: All right. Not hearing any questions we will come up with my closing comments then. I want to thank you for your participation on the call this morning. We produced strong financial results this quarter. They were created by our long term execution and unwavering commitment to our customer service proposition and agency partnership philosophy. I look forward to working with my Erie colleagues and our great agents for the remainder the year as we build upon the strong strategy and effective execution. Thank you all for your time. 
Scott Beilharz: Thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at Eric code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today conference. This concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP of Investor Relations Terry Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer  Greg Gutting - Interim EVP and Chief Financial Officer  Sean McLaughlin - EVP and General Counsel.
Analysts: Katelyn Young - William Blair
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnitys Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Tamara, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about the 2015 fourth quarter and total year results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Interim Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Terry and Greg and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the Companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 25, 2016 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Today I will provide a brief look at our 2015 results and update you on the progress we are making with our strategic initiatives. But first, I would like to acknowledge the recent departure of Rick Burt, Executive Vice President of Products. I would like to thank Rick for his contribution to Erie and wish him the best in the next phase of his career. Indemnitys earnings per share increased from $3.18 in 2014 to $3.33 in 2015. Net revenue from operations increased by nearly $10 million to $233 million. Direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange, the primary driver of Indemnitys net revenue grew an impressive 7.3%.  We consistently outpaced the industry results and we handily beat [Koning's] [ph] current 2015 estimate of 4.3%. The growth we achieved in 2015 is a direct result of the business strategy we implemented two years ago.  In 2015, we introduced and enhanced many products. We opened a state-of-the-art technical learning center and we expanded our geographic reach. Additionally, our investment in technology culminated in new and better tools for our agents and allowed us to increase efficiency and create additional revenue opportunities for the exchange that benefits Indemnity. We built out key business platforms like DSpro Web with eSignature functionality that reduced the quote to buying time of policies substantially. The 94% adoption rate of eSignature demonstrates our continued efforts to improve ease of doing business with our agents. Our improved online auto quote is another example of the importance we placed on system upgrades.  Once again, positive agent response to these successful tools demonstrate why investment in this area is vital. In 2015, we also met market needs by delivering new and enhanced products that provide valuable coverage for our customers at competitive prices. In personal lines our auto policy enhancements including ride sharing coverage targeted at changing environment that will manifest itself in additional revenue and customer loyalty. In our popular new motorcycle product introduced in five states in 2015 we will continue to rollout into four additional states this year.  Our custom collection suite of products continues to complement our commercial portfolio by targeting quality business segments. In addition to restaurants, wholesaler distributors, veterinarian and pet care and auto services, this line will broaden to include additional business classes, later this year, including professional offices, retail, and technology. Not only do we developed and offer new and enhanced products in 2015, but we brought the claims experience to a higher level, upping our promise of superior service.  Last year, we went live with claim center. Workers compensation was the first line of business deployed in this new automated claims platform and we look forward to adding personal and commercial auto later this year.  We also opened the technical learning center giving agents and employees an interactive classroom who wish to hone their skills. And we are now utilizing the learning center for our smart start program that puts a renewed emphasis on cultivating and training talent in our claims force.  In 2015, we added a fully dedicated CAT response team to our organization. Along with the use of new tools like Drones, we continue to enhance the claims experience.  Finally, during the fourth quarter, we introduced commercial line products into our newest state, Kentucky completing our product portfolio there. We exceeded revenue expectations in this state and Id like to congratulate and thank the entire Kentucky team. Our 2200 agents and 5000 employees continue to work with resolve to execute on our overall strategy and we are seeing strong results from their efforts.  As we started the New Year, we do so having gained market share in every state in our footprint creating over 5 million policies in force. We grew average premium per agency to $2.7 million. We provided better claims service for our customers and we strengthened the exchanges balance sheet.  2015, our 90th year of business was a very good year for us. Our employees and agents take great pride in being part of the team that creates customer satisfaction and shareholder value.  We recognize there are ongoing challenges facing our industry including economic uncertainty, emerging technologies, and an ever-evolving loss picture. We will face these challenges by continuing to offer contemporary products and exceptional services with the best employees and agency force in the industry. Now, I will ask Greg to discuss our financial results in more detail. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thank you, Terry. Before I discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results, I want to remind everyone that we adopted the new consolidation guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board as evidenced by our Form 10-K filed yesterday. Under the new guidance, Indemnity is no longer deemed to have a variable interest in the exchange as the fees paid for services provided to the exchange no longer represent a variable interest.  The compensation received by Indemnity for services provided for acting as the attorney in fact for the exchange is commensurate with the level of effort required to perform these services. Under the previously issued accounting guidance, Indemnity was deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the exchange and the exchanges financial position and operating results were consolidated with Indemnity.  Accordingly, the statements of operations, statements of financial position and statements of cash flow in our Form 10-K filed yesterday with the SEC reflect results for Indemnity only. I want to make it clear that our adoption of the new guidance and subsequent deconsolidation of the exchange and Indemnitys results does not impact Indemnitys net income or shareholder equity.  That said, 2015 results confirm that we had another good year. Net income grew $7 million to $175 million resulting in an increase in earnings per share on a diluted basis from $3.18 in 2014 to $3.33 in 2015. Our net income growth was driven by an increase in net revenues from operations and investment income.  Income from operations grew 4.3% to $233 million in 2015. Top-line growth of 7% was driven primarily by a 7.3% increase in the direct and assumed premiums written by the exchange. Increases in both policies in force and the average premium per policy for all major product lines contributed to this premium increase.  For the year, expenses increased 7.5% driven by an 8.3% increase in commissions. Higher agent incentive cost related to profitable growth was the major contributor to the increased commissions. Non-commission expense growth of 5.9% for the year was notably lower than the revenue growth of 7%.  We are pleased that we are able to effectively manage these expenses and we will continue to prioritize spending. Investment income grew 18.6% or $5.3 million for the year, primarily due to higher earnings from our limited partnership investments. Although we had strong returns from this asset class in 2015, it is important to note that this portion of the portfolio is in run-off and we expect to see more limited and inconsistent earnings from this part of our investment portfolio based on the nature of the asset class.  With respect to the fourth quarter, earnings per diluted share totaled $0.57, compared to $0.48 in the fourth quarter of 2014. Revenue grew 5.7% and expenses grew 4.2% resulting in a gross margin from operations of 11.7% versus 10.5% in the fourth quarter of 2014.  Revenues from investments increased $2 million from the quarter, compared to last year. This increase was driven primarily by income from operations  from limited partnerships.  Finally, we are pleased to report that in 2015, we returned $127 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend and in December, our Board of Directors once again approved a 7.2% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividends for both Class A and Class B shares for 2016.  I will now turn the call back over to Terry. 
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Greg. Our strong results were affirmed by the position we continue to enjoy as a Fortune-500 company and the four top honors we were awarded by J.D. Power and Associates in 2015.  We were honored to be named highest in the renters insurance segment of the Household Insurance Study, highest in customer satisfaction with the Auto Insurance Purchase Experience, highest among auto insurers in the Mid-Atlantic region in the Auto Insurance Study, and highest in customer satisfaction nationally in the Small Business Commercial Insurance Study.  We also ranked first among mid-cap financial institution in Forbes 50 most trustworthy financial companies for 2015. We are grateful that our business model and our culture are recognized by third parties. Their recognition is a strong indicator that we are on the right path.  Finally, as you recall, last October, I announced that I will retire at the end of 2016. Our Board of Directors is working diligently to identify my successor. As that process takes place, well remain focused continuing to execute on our well defined strategy and in creating value for the long-term.  Now we will open the call for your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Katelyn Young with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Katelyn Young: Hey, thanks. Good morning. 
Terry Cavanaugh: Good morning.
Katelyn Young: I am wondering if you could talk about some of the trends in the commercial lines, specifically, kind of written premiums and PIF growth for the quarter.
Terry Cavanaugh: I sorry, written premium, what was the other?
Katelyn Young: And the PIF growth rates, for the commercial lines?
Terry Cavanaugh: For just the fourth quarter?
Katelyn Young: Yes, I mean, it looks like there has been a deceleration in the growth of those metrics in the quarter. Just trying to think about that going forward?
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes, and Kate, the growth did slowdown in the fourth quarter. It is slower quarter than normal but year-over-year, obviously, it did grow less than the fourth quarter of 2014. We had  I think, less contest activity and we also are being more discriminate, I would suggest in terms of some of the opportunities we have. The commercial lines business is a business that you have to pay attention to in terms of risk selection and we want to make sure that we are making the right calls from that standpoint. I would also suggest that competition has gotten a little bit heavier across our footprint. More companies are operating  I think, in that space. The larger companies are kind of come down  I think its an attractive marketplace. But we are holding our own. I think our growth rate was very attractive as it relates to other markets. We are comfortable we can continue to grow the business effectively and do so with underwriting profit and maintaining great agency relationships and customer relationships. 
Katelyn Young: Great. Thanks and then, thinking about some of the costs in the quarter. It sounds like there was an increase in the commission, sort of offset by management of non-commission expenses. Is that something that you see continuing for the next year in terms of being able to manage sort of the technology investment and what not in the company, with the revenue growth next year?
Terry Cavanaugh: The commission growth was primarily driven by the variable compensation plans we have in place with our agents. So the more profitability they produce for us, the larger that number becomes. And so that is a good news story in terms of again, for the exchange, and its a good news story in terms of the compensation thats available to our agents. And so, thats a formula that we think works and that wont be touched next year.  In terms of the non-commission expenses, we are always trying to make sure that we manage those effectively. As Ive said in the past, the way we spend is a bit lumpy and its not as straight-line. But what as you saw in the fourth quarter how we did a nice job in terms of managing that number in a slower growth quarter. And the management team here is very focused on making sure that we do that in 2016. 
Katelyn Young: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I am showing no further questions at this time. And I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Scott Beilharz for any closing comments.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please call me at 814-870-7312. Thanks again.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you for your interest and support
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President, Investor Relations Terry Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Gutting - Interim Chief Financial Officer Sean McLaughlin - Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Analysts: Christopher Martin - Macquarie Katelyn Young - William Blair
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Karen, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about the third quarter 2015 results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Gutting, Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market close and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. We will start the call today with opening remarks from Terry and Greg and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated October 29, 2015 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-Q that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Before we discuss our third quarter and year-to-date results, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the departure of Marcia Dall. As Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the past 6.5 years, Marcia was an integral part of our management team. I want to thank Marcia for her efforts and wish her well in the next phase of our carrier. Greg Gutting has assumed the position of Interim Chief Financial Officer. Greg steps into this role as a 30 year contributor to Eries financial operations. Greg has served as the companys Senior Vice President and Controller for the past 6 years and Im gratified for the continuity and competency Greg brings to this Interim role.  After my comments, Ill ask Greg to discuss our third quarter and year to date results in more detail. Erie Indemnity recorded gains in net income in both the third quarter and year to date. Strong top line growth and positive limited partnership investment earnings were the primary drivers of the improved results. Net income for the quarter was $0.94 per diluted share, up from $0.90 per share in the third quarter of 2014. For the year, net income per diluted share is $2.75, compared to $2.71 last year. Our strong top line growth is primarily driven by the 7.6% increase in direct written premium for the property and casualty group for the first three quarters of 2015, compared to last quarter year. We continue to outpace Koning's industry forecast of 4% premium growth for 2015. Eries agents and employees are essential to our continued strong financial performance and its our job to ensure that they have the tools, training, and resources necessary to fulfill our promise of superior service. With that in mind we continue to execute on the strategic initiatives we laid on in 2014. One of our key strategic priorities is to refresh our claims experience, earlier this month we launched the initial release of our new claims system. This automated claims system will enhance our ability to deliver best-in-class claims service experience. It will reduce the time it takes to settle the claim and provide greater consistency, wherever Eries claims service is delivered. Workers compensation was the first line of business deployed in this system. This platform will now be used to process all new and existing workers comp claims. Implementation of the remaining lines of business will be added incrementally, beginning with personal and commercial auto in 2016. We are also excited to be putting drones to use in the claims process. Erie insurance was among the first wave of insurance companies to get FAA approval to use drones. Just this month, we flew on for the first time to inspect storm damage to a residential roof in Pennsylvania. While the FAA works to determine proper guidelines in oversight for drones in public use, we will continue to explore their value as tools for more efficient customer service, risk assessment, and claims management. In addition to improving our processes were also focused on giving our agents and customers the products they expect from Erie. First, were pleased to announce that agents are no able to quote and write commercial products in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. With the recent rollout of commercial auto, we have completed the suite of business insurance products that also includes Ultrapack Plus, business commercial liability, and workers compensation coverages. We now offer the same high-quality customized commercial insurance products to business owners in Kentucky as the personal insurance products we provided there for the past year. In commercial lines, we expanded our custom collections clientele by adding veterinary and pet care businesses. We anticipate the same positive response from them as weve seen from our other businesses already benefiting from our custom collection suite of products. Finally, in personal lines weve made both wide sharing coverage and our enhanced motorcycle coverage available in more states throughout our footprint and we will continue to expand these product offerings geographically through the remaining remainder of 2015 and into 2016. With that I will ask Greg to expand on our third quarter and year-to-date financials. Greg?
Greg Gutting: Thank you, Terry. As Terry mentioned Erie Indemnitys net income was $0.94 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2015, compared to $0.90 per share for the same period last year, reflecting an increase in income for management operations. Income from management operations before taxes was $68 million, up $6 million, or 11.8% over the prior year quarter. Our management margin for the quarter was 17.2% versus 16.5% in last years third quarter. Revenue for management operations grew from $370 million in the third quarter of 2014 to $396 million in the current quarter. This $26 million or 7.3% increase over last years quarter is consistent with the 7.5% increase in direct written premiums of the property casualty group. Cost for management operations grew $20 million to $328 million, which represents a 6.4% increase over the third quarter of last year. Commissions increased $15 million or 7.5% in the quarter driven by the 7.5% increase in direct written premiums of the Property Casualty Group. The non-commission expense increase of $5 million or 4.2% in the third quarter was driven primarily by medical and pension costs, as well as higher projected employee incentive payouts based on current projected levels of profitable growth for the year. These increased costs were partially offset by a decrease in professional fees. Income from investment operations before taxes totaled $7 million in the third quarter of 2015, compared to $8 million in last years quarter. For the year, Indemnity reported a modest uptick in net income of $3 million to $145 million. On a per share basis, net income is up $0.04 per diluted share to $2.75. Management operations income before taxes grew $3 million to $191 million. Revenue from management operations grew $79 million or 7.4% year-to-date in 2015, compared to the same period last year. Steady increases in both all season fours, and premiums for policy for all lines of business for the exchange help drive these positive results. Cost of management operations for the nine months ended 2015 grew $76 million or 8.6%. Commission expenses increased $54 million or 9.1% over the first three quarters of last year. The 7.6% increase in direct written premiums of the Property Casualty Group and projected increases in the agent incentive costs related to profitable growth where the primary drivers of the increased commission. Non-commission expenses increased $22 million to $317 million in the first nine months of the year, compared to the same time last year. The primary drivers of the 7.6% increase were employee incentive costs, pension and medial cost and professional fees. The gross margin for management operations for the first nine months of 2015 is 16.6% versus 17.5% in 2014. The margin decrease was driven primarily by increased estimated agent incentive costs. Indemnitys income from investment operations on a pre-tax basis totaled $29 million in the first nine months of 2015, representing $3 million increase, compared to last year. Earnings from limited partnership investments were the primary contributor.  Finally, in the first three quarters of 2015 we paid our shareholders dividends in the amount of $95 million. Before I end my commentary, Id like to mention that we will be implementing some new accounting guidance in the fourth quarter. In February of this year, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2015 02 Consolidation. This update changed the analysis to determine whether the reporting entities should consolidate certain type types of legal entities. In accordance with the new accounting guidance, Indemnity is not deemed to have a variable interest in the exchange as the fees paid for services provided to the exchange no longer represent a variable interest. The compensation received by Indemnity for services provided for acting as the Attorney-in-Fact for the subscribers at the exchange is commensurate with the level of effort required to perform these services. Under the previously issued accounting guidance, Indemnity was deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the exchange and the exchanges financial position and operating results were consolidated with Indemnity. We plan to adopt the new guidance on a retrospective basis, effective with our form 10-K filing for the period ended December 31, 2015. So beginning next quarter, the exchanges results will no longer be consolidated with Indemnity. This will have a significant impact on the statements of operations, statements of financial position, and statements of cash flow given the size of the exchanges operations. It will not impact Indemnitys net income or shareholder equity. Now, I will turn the call back over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Greg. As you know, Erie is above all in service brand is the hallmark of our value proposition. It has earned the loyalty and trust of our customers, agents, and shareholders, and many accolades and awards. Recently Erie Indemnity was included in the Forbes 50 most trustworthy financial companies for 2015. Only 7% of the publicly traded financial companies considered for the list made the cut. Its the second year in a row that Erie has earned the spot on the list; and like last year Erie topped the ranking for mid-cap companies. We also received recognition from J.D. Power and Associates and are pleased to announced that Erie took the top honors in their small-business commercial insurance study for the third year in a row. Additionally, we scored in the top tier in their annual household insurance study taking top honors in renters insurance segment. These accolades affirm the fact that we are accomplishing our goals. Our employees and agents are engaged, focused and executing effectively and our customers are continuing to value the products and services they get from Erie. Our results reflect Eries commitment to our proven business model and our long term success. To support our purposeful and thoughtful planning, I shared the news last week that Id be retiring at the end of 2016. The long window allows us time to transition leadership and continue to focus on our strategic priorities with minimal disruption. The Board of Directors is committed to working to select a successor by the end of the first quarter 2016. That will allow careful planning, collaboration and knowledge sharing throughout the remainder of the year. I am engaged and committed to continue the great work currently underway to ensure that Eries family executes today and prepares for tomorrow. And now, well the open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from the line of Christopher Martin from Macquarie.
Christopher Martin: Hi guys, congrats on the quarter. 
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you.
Christopher Martin: And Terry, congratulations on your pending retirement. I thought if you guys could go through a little further on your actual succession plans for replacing Marcia and then yourself? Will this be an internal or external review or serve a combination? If you could just go into a little bit that would be great, thanks.
Terry Cavanaugh: At the current plan, the Board is focused on finding my successor and they are working to do that with the lens towards the internal organization. They will then make that decision and then they will follow that up with working with that person to name a permanent CFO.
Christopher Martin: Okay, great. And would you expect the searching for the future company to be sort of the way you guys have been running with a full stakeholder focused not necessarily a shareholder focus in the company.
Terry Cavanaugh: I didnt quite understand the question. What?
Christopher Martin: Sorry. As youve had some comments in the calls and over the past few quarters I hear this people questioning whether or not management was looking out for shareholders? So the company's which has been running this, is looking at the stakeholder model and youve guys have been rewarded for that one from J.D. Power and Associates in Forbes et cetera. Just wondering if you think there will be any sort of change to that or you would stay focused on what youve had?
Terry Cavanaugh: I cant make a forward-looking projection like that. I think again the culture and the 90 years of success weve had as organization speaks for itself. I think again its very important that any successful organization balance all constituencies and that they are all thought of is important and if you sail on one youre probably not going to be successful. So I think again our model in terms of focusing on our customers, our agents, our shareholders and our employees as well as the community has worked well and I would believe that the Board will continue to make sure thats a focus going forward.
Christopher Martin: Great, thanks. Thats all I have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Katelyn Young from William Blair.
Katelyn Young: Hi, good morning, a few questions for you guys. First, can you comment on any auto presentations you've been seeing in the market.
Terry Cavanaugh: I am not sure I can comment on the market, clearly you can listen to others. I think again we are seeing obviously more I call it activity, you hear about when we clearly see more miles being driven, there is a slow evolution of our customer base buying newer automobiles that are more expensive to fix. Medical cost continues to escalate and the repair costs are not necessarily going down although they are mitigated by some inflationary numbers. So I guess we are watching it, we are seeing an uptick, we are monitoring it and we are very vigilant to make sure that we stay ahead of the pricing game.
Katelyn Young: Okay, thank you. And then on the policies in force [indiscernible] if you could clear on that?
Terry Cavanaugh: Again, I am having trouble hearing you. Could you repeat that again?
Katelyn Young: Im sorry, the policy in force growth rates just shy of 4%, it seems youve pull back a bit in the third quarter, sorry for the background noise.
Terry Cavanaugh: Yeah, again that is still a good number compared to the industry. Obviously as you get larger and have the number of in force that we have, its still a significant number and [indiscernible] the absolute number is still very strong and we are managing it to make sure that we pick the right business and at the right price so that we have long term underwriting profitability in the exchange. And at the same time, we recognize that competition is getting more robust.
Katelyn Young: Okay, great. Thank you. Thats all I had.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I see no further questions in queue. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Terry Cavanaugh for closing remarks.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you. Thanks again for joining us this morning. We are confident that our financial results demonstrate they are working hard to remain well positioned for continued long term growth and value creation. Look forward to talking you next quarter.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks again for joining us. As a reminder, a recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at Erie code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP, Investor Relations Terry Cavanaugh - President and CEO Marcia Dall - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Charlie Smith - Fort Pitt Capital Katelyn Young - William Blair
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Ashley, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about the second quarter 2015 results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. As we typically do, well start the call today with opening remarks from Terry and Marcia and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated July 30, 2015 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-Q that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you Scott and good morning everyone. Before I talk about our second quarter results I would like to take a moment to recognize the passing of two members of our Erie family; John Peterson and Susan Hirt Hagen. John Peterson passed away on May 30th of this year. John joined Erie in 1962 as the company's first Investment Officer and then went on to serve as Chief Financial Officer and eventually President and CEO, After retiring in 1995 remained with Erie serving on the Board of Directors until 2003. John will be fondly remembered here at Erie for his personal generosity as well as his contribution to the financial growth of the company during his tenure. Erie suffered another profound loss with the passing of Susan Hirt Hagen on June 15th. Susan was the daughter of our cofounder H.O. Hirt and the co-trustee of the H.O. Hirt Trust. She was also the first female and longest-serving Board Member of Erie Indemnity Company. Susan gave tirelessly to the Erie. Furthermore her generosity of time and talent stretched far beyond our walls. She touched many across the country and she served in leadership positions on a number of boards of local, state and national nonprofit organizations over the years. Susan is best remembered here at Erie for her conviction, compassion and intellect that helps form the very fabric of the Erie culture. She will be fondly remembered and sadly missed by all of us. Earlier this month Jonathan Hirt Hagen was appointed to succeed his mother as co-trustee of the H.O. Hirt Trust. Jon joins his cousin Elizabeth Hirt Vorsheck and Sentinel Trust Company as co-trustee. As you have seen from our second quarter financial release yesterday, Erie Indemnity had a solid quarter with strong top line growth, a modest increase in our management margin dollars and additional earnings from our alternate asset portfolio. As a result we reported net income per share increasing from $0.94 last year to $1.07 per share in the second quarter of 2015. Our top line growth was driven by 7.6% increase in direct written premiums from the exchange. We are pleased with this growth in light of accounting's forecast of 3.8% for the industry this year. Our ability to outpace the industry growth speaks to both the strength of our brand and the commitment to the -- and excellence of our agents and employees. Regarding our strategic initiatives we introduced three new product enhancements in the second quarter of this year that will improve the customer and agent experience. First our improved motorcycle coverage rolled out in Pennsylvania. This is a strong product by virtue of its significantly enhanced pricing, optional first party medical coverage and new safety equipment and accessory coverage. This enhanced motorcycle product will allow our agents to better compete with the national and specialty carriers. We will continue to roll out this product in additional states within our footprint later this year. Second in Commercial Lines we continue to target specific business classes with what we call our Custom Collections portfolio. As you may recall we initially offered this suite of enhanced products to restaurant business owners. Since the beginning of this year the number of new restaurant policies has already surpassed the total number of new policies in all of 2014. In the second quarter we expanded our Custom Collection to include wholesalers and distributors. The expansion to the auto services class and veterinarian pet care classes are on track for rollout later this year. And third, Erie Family Life expanded its whole Life portfolio by rolling out a new juvenile whole life product that provides simple and affordable coverage. We remain committed to investing in technology to ensure we can offer the best customer and agent experience possible. As an example we recently rolled out our enhanced online auto quote. This new streamlined mobile friendly capability will meet the digital demands of our customers while improving the overall agent experience for responding to an online quote. I will now ask Marcia to expand on our financial results. Marcia.
Marcia Dall: Thanks, Terry. As Terry said we had a solid second quarter with net income per share on a diluted basis increasing $0.13 per share to $1.07 in the second quarter compared to the same period last year. We continue to generate some growth in our just written premiums from the Property and Casualty Group which resulted in a 7.4% growth in our revenue from management operations. Our agents helped drive solid increases in both policies in force and average premium per policy on all of our major product lines. We saw policy growth of 4% in both personal lines and commercial lines and our overall average premium per policy grew nearly 4% as well. As Terry said our abilities outpaced the industry growth speaks to both the strength of our brand and the commitment to excellence of our agents and employees. Our focus on enhancing our products and the investments we've made in technology to make it easier to do business are also helping to support our growth for the long-term. Commission expenses increased $19 million, or 9% in the second quarter compared to last year, driven primarily by the increase in just written premiums and the increase in estimated agent incentive costs related to profitable growth. Similar to the first quarter, our statutory combined ratio for the Property and Casualty Group continue to be significantly better in the second quarter of 2015 compared to the prior year. The Property and Casualty Groups did not have any major weather-related events in the quarter and has had some favorable developments from prior accident year claims. As you may recall a large scale event in May of last year caused this combined ratio to escalate in the second quarter of 2014. Therefore our estimates for the profitability-based agent incentive payout were higher in this quarter than last year's second quarter. Non-commission expenses increased $7 million or 7% in the second quarter compared to last year. Investments in technology, expenses related to our employee pension plans resulting from the continued low interest rate environment and higher projected employee incentive payout based on the current projected levels of profitable growth for the year were the primary drivers of this increase. Indemnity's income from investment operations was $16 million compared to $7 million last year as a result of an increase in one of our private equity limited partnership investments this quarter. Please keep in mind limited partnership earnings tend to be cyclical in nature and difficult to project. Finally our strong cash flow has enabled Indemnity to pay $32 million in dividends to our shareholders in the second quarter of 2015, representing a 7.2% increase over 2014. I will now turn the call back over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you Marcia. Before we take your questions, I am pleased to announce the recognitions we received since our last call. In June, A.M. Best affirmed the A+ superior rating for the Property and Casualty companies. We've enjoyed a rating of A excellent or better since 1939. Furthermore A.M. Best affirmed the A excellent rating for Erie Family Life. Last month JD Power released the results of the 2015 auto insurance study and Erie received the highest customer satisfaction ranking for the Mid-Atlantic region. We also continue to be ranked in the high satisfaction tier in the North Central region. Our increase in overall satisfaction was driven by improvements in policy offerings, interaction, price and claims. Finally the recognition that makes us especially proud is the great rating we received on the Great Places To Work study. This rating is calculated from survey feedback from our employees and highlights what makes their workplace culture great, in areas like professional development and training, company atmosphere, benefits and rewards. While all these recognitions are fantastic we recognize that the true value of all recognitions is to serve as a constant reminder of how important it is for us to be above all in service. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We do have a question from Charlie Smith of Fort Pitt Capital. Your line is open.
Charlie Smith: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. I wonder if the company has any broad thoughts with regard to both the threats and the opportunities that go with automated vehicles and cyber security of vehicles that we have been reading about a lot in the press over the past few weeks?
Terry Cavanaugh: Charlie, we are actively researching the evolving technology in the automobile space as well as quite frankly the homeowner space and the building space. We are on -- we are seeing some interesting opportunities in that area as well as the share in the economy et cetera. So I think it's early days to just to wrap our arms around what exactly that will present to us in terms of opportunity from an insurance standpoint as well as any ultimate threat. I think the cyber piece of it is again relatively new in terms of again what we are hearing about those issues. And so I can have you rest assured though that we have people both internally and we are working with external consultants to make sure that we stay on top of this issue.
Charlie Smith: Okay. I would encourage you, when you do formulate sort of maybe a broad policy within the company, you produce some sort of a white paper that outlines that strategy.
Terry Cavanaugh: I appreciate that feedback. I mean we are always balancing and obviously need to be a good partner with our customers, our agents and the community at the same time making sure that we have competitive capabilities that will serve all of us well.
Charlie Smith: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katelyn Young of William Blair. Your line is open.
Katelyn Young: Thank you. I am in for Adam Klauber and sorry I joined a little late, sorry if you touched on these points. But just a few questions for you. Can you just give us a little bit more color on how the homeowners and commercial business is going? Specifically just looking at the homeowners growth, 7% for this year, sorry, this quarter or last quarter versus a little bit stronger in the last two years. Can you just tell us how that's escalated?
Terry Cavanaugh: Specifically the homeowners line of business.
Katelyn Young: Yes.
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes. I think we have obviously -- if you have followed us and followed the industry I think there has been a pretty recognition to be able to have adequate rate and the rates have grown pretty dramatically in the homeowner line over the last several years certainly with us and within the industry. And I think we are now finding ourselves in a position of a better rate picture that is not requiring us to take as much aggressive rate action from that standpoint. So I think that's the primary driver to that. I am still very pleased with the growth number. I think we are seeing it again and we are also very pleased again with our strong retention number. Again I think with the combination of the two we saw a very good model.
Katelyn Young: All right. And then what increases are you seeing in auto specifically?
Terry Cavanaugh: Again it varies by state and actually by company and class of business. And so again we would say that low single-digits.
Katelyn Young: And then loss experience in autos, any increase in frequency there or do you see any changes?
Terry Cavanaugh: We are seeing a little bit. I think our numbers would indicate it. But again obviously miles driven are moving up. We are seeing -- there is some concern about distracted driving and things of that nature, nothing significant. We stay on top of it and we think we are in good shape from that standpoint.
Katelyn Young: So even with miles up, is frequency following that or are you seeing something from that?
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes. I would say that we are not seeing anything [anomaly] from that standpoint. The industry is seeing the same activity.
Katelyn Young: Sure. Okay, great. Thank you. That's all I had.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I am not showing any further questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Terry Cavanaugh for any further remarks.
Terry Cavanaugh: Okay. Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for their time this morning. As we look ahead to the second half of the year on track with our strategic initiatives and I believe we are well positioned for continued long-term operating success. Thank you for your interest and have a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You can all disconnect. Every have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz  VP, Investor Relations Terry Cavanaugh  President and CEO Marcia Dall  EVP and CFO
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Companys First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Ashley, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for todays discussion about first quarter 2015 results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. As we typically do, well start the call today with opening remarks from Terry and Marcia and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-Q filing with the SEC dated April 30, 2015 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-Q that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott. Good morning everyone. Today, Ill talk about our first quarter results. Marcia will then go over the financials and Ill finish with some recent recognition we received. We will then take your questions. As you saw on our press release, our net income of $0.74 per share was down from $0.88 last year. Our results were primarily driven by the following four factors: Strong management fee revenue growth, higher agent incentives, technology expenses, and lower income from limited partnership investments. I will touch upon the first three and then Marcia will provide more details on the financials. Let me begin with revenue growth. In the first quarter of 2015, we saw an increase in the direct written premium for the property and casualty group of 7.7% compared to last year. We achieved a significant milestone in the first quarter of 2015. We now have over 5 million policies in force. And the average premium from our 2,200 agencies has grown to over $2.5 million. Let me highlight two areas that are helping drive this growth. First enhancing the agent and customer experience is a critical component of growth and were continuing to make it a priority whether we are supporting our agents with their presence in the digital marketplace or helping our customers by providing better access to their policies, bills and ID cards. We are making it easier for our agents and customers to do business with us. Second, over the long-term, we view our geographic expansion strategy as another avenue for growth. Late last year, we added Kentucky to our footprint. With personal lines and life up and running, we are encouraged by the early results and are on track to rollout commercial lines in early 2016. From a cost perspective, there were two primary drivers that caused our expense growth to be higher than our revenue growth: Agent incentive costs and our investment in technology. It is important to keep in mind agent compensation represents two-thirds of our operating expenses. The most significant piece is the base commission, which tracks with direct written premium growth. The next largest portion is the agent incentives related to profitable growth. Obviously weather, mix of business, and agency overall performance are all contributors, and can vary quarter-to-quarter causing variability in agent incentives related to profitability. In the first quarter of 2015, we accrued higher projected agent incentive costs than one year ago because there was less severe weather related to loses experienced by the property and casualty group compared to the same timeframe last year. The second biggest driver of expense growth relates to technology enablement. As you know, weve consciously been investing in technology that makes it easier for our agents to do business with us and technology that makes it easier for our customers to interact with us. Our technology related expenses for the quarter were $5 million higher than the first quarter of 2014, which reflects incremental investments directly related to this strategy. An example of this strategy is our focus on development of a mobile application that can be accessed on a smartphone, tablet or traditional PC. One of these applications that has been developed is a new business quoting app that significantly improves our real time agent lead generation capability. This capability will be employed within the year. A second example is the technology investment we made to implement our enhanced motorcycle product on our personal lines web quote, bind and issue platform. This product rolled out in early March in Kentucky and will be offered more broadly in the months to come. Finally in personal lines, we continue to enhance our personal lines web quote, bind and issue platform with an automated underwriting review tool that increases the speed, quality, and consistency of the underwriting process. We remain committed to proved investment in technology that provides value to our agents and customers and supports our long-term success. I will now ask Marcia to elaborate on our first quarter. Marcia?
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning everyone. As Terry mentioned, our earnings per share on a diluted basis decreased $0.14 per share to $0.74 in the first quarter, compared to the same period last year. While we continue to deliver strong top line growth, net income decreased due to a reduction in management operating pre-tax income and lower earnings from our alternative investment portfolio. Management operating pre-tax income decreased 10% for the quarter to $53 million compared to the first quarter of 2014. Revenue from management operations grew $25 million to $351million in the first quarter. Indemnities top-line growth of 7.5% was driven by 7.7% growth in the direct written premium of the Property and Casualty Group. Direct written premium benefited from both solid increases and policies in force and average premium per policy on all of our major product lines. Furthermore, we saw consistent growth in both personal lines and commercial lines with personal lines growing 6.6% and commercial lines growing 10.1%. Indemnities strong top line growth was offset by higher agent compensation and ongoing strategic technology investments. Commission expenses increased $20 million, or 11.2% in the first quarter, compared to last year. This increase resulted from based commission growth, consistent with our growth in direct written premium, and also an increase in projected agent incentive costs related to underwriting profitability for the Property and Casualty Group. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2014 saw significant weather related events resulting in a statutory combined ratio for the Property and Casualty Group of 108%. Our first quarter 2015 combined ratio of a 103% was significantly lower than the first quarter of last year due to improved current accident year trends and no major weather-related events. Therefore, the projected profitability based agent bonuses where higher compared to the prior year quarter. Non-commission expenses increased $10 million, or 11.7% in first quarter, compared to last year. As Terry mentioned, the biggest driver here relates to our investment in technology. Technology cost increased $5 million, which included $3 million to consulting and contract labor, and $1 million each of cost related to employees, and hardware and software. As Terry mentioned, this necessary investment in technology allows us to remain competitive and positions us for future profitable growth. Indemnitys investment income of $6 million in the first quarter of this year is down from $11 million in the first quarter of 2014. The primary driver of this decrease is a decline in our alternative investment portfolio earnings, as expected, based on the continued runoff of this portfolio. Finally, we paid $31.7 million in dividends to our shareholders in the first quarter of 2015. Now Ill turn call the back over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. We understand that you, as investors, may not be pleased with our quarter-over-quarter drop in earnings. Our business model can result in variability of earnings quarter-to-quarter. However, we remain committed to creating shareholder value for the year and over the long-term. Last month we held our annual shareholder meeting. Im pleased to announce that all 12 members of our Board of Directors were elected to serve another year. I would like to thank our directors for their continued guidance and commitment to Erie and thank our shareholders for their continued support. And now Id like to highlight our recent recognitions. February results of the 2015 J.D. Power Property Claim Satisfaction study, which measures customer satisfaction across the Property Claims experience was released. Im proud to report that Erie continues to rank in the high satisfaction tier. In March, Erie was listed among four of the Americas best employers list, we were ranked 72nd on the list of 500, and fourth out of 25 insurance companies ranked. And just this week, it was announced that Erie earned first place in the J.D. Power Insurance Shopping Study for the third time in a row, and the six times since 2007. We continue to score high in all three of the shopping study factors: Price, distribution channel and policy offerings. The high standards and dedication of our agents and employees to deliver the best possible product and to be above all in service is acknowledged, with every recognition we receive. Thank you. Now Ill turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Terry Cavanaugh: Again, we thank you for your participation. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions please call me at area code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP, Capital Management, IR Terry Cavanaugh  President and CEO Marcia Dall - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Adam Klauber - William Blair
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's call Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Danielle, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion about fourth quarter 2014 results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed and are available within the Investor Relations section of our website, erieinsurance.com. As we typically do, we will start the call today with opening remarks from Terry and Marcia and then we will open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our Form 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 26, 2015 and in the related press release. Also during this call, we may discuss Non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC yesterday. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to the recording, this publication webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call this morning. Today I'm going to give you a brief overview of our results for 2014 and then update you on the progress we've made on our strategic initiatives. Marcia then will take you through a more detailed view of our financial results. Indemnity's net income per share increased from $3.08 to $3.18 in 2014. Our commitment to being above and on service and our dedication to our agents and customers' satisfaction has not wavered over the decades and is what enables us to continue to have consistent earnings growth. Our management operations income before taxes increased 6.5% for the year reflecting a strong top-line growth. This increase was partially offset by higher agent compensation based on profitable growth and ongoing technology investments to position us for the future. Indemnity's top-line growth was fueled by nearly 9% increase in direct written premium from the property and casualty group. This growth outpaced Koning's annual industry projection of 4.6% and we believe we will mark the third year in a row of growth that is more than three points higher than the industry. Before I ask Marcia to walk you through the financial results; let me first provide you with a brief update on the progress we made in 2014 on our strategic initiatives to expand our product offerings and increase our footprint, enhance the customer and agent experience and remain above all in service. We continue to proactively explore ways to incorporate new technology and innovative ideas. For example, our web based technology, DSpro allows our agents to complete in auto, home, [board] [ph], PCL and term life quote in less than five minutes. Looking at the future, we are evaluating game changing technology like drones that can be employed in areas such as claims and loss control. We continue to expand our product lines by giving our agents more choices for their customers. In the fourth quarter, we initiated ridesharing coverage for drivers of companies like Uber and Lyft to fill in the coverage gaps associated with this type of exposure. In our commercial lines we introduced the custom collection suite of products and services that offer protection and risk management tailor-made for targeted class of business owners. We started with our restaurant program and plan to offer similar comprehensive protection to other business classes over the next few years. In December, we launched two new innovative universal life products; ErieSecure Life and ErieSecure Life Plus. They combine the best features of both universal and whole life products such as cash accumulation, guaranteed benefits and flexible premiums. These products provide us with another avenue to grow and compete directly with the whole life products that have been leading the industry over the past few years. We also took an important step forward in expanding our geographic footprint in 2014 with the addition of Kentucky. We introduced auto, home and life products and plan to offer commercial lines in early 2016. The Kentucky market has been very receptive of our agents and our brand and we are very pleased with our success today. We raised the bar for enhanced agent and customer experience with the completion of our technical learning center. With the doors opened in January of this year, we unveiled a state-of-the-art hands-on claims training facility. This is a key part of our proactive approach to the claims process. It will benefit our loss control representatives and claims adjusters among others making them better equipped to evaluate risks, assess losses and settle claims. In an era where nearly every insured has superior service, our industry-leading technical learning center is a concrete example of our continued investment and commitment to remain above all in service. At this point, I will ask Marcia to walk you through our financial results.
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning everyone. As we finalized the reporting for 2014 we decided to simplify our press release for our investors so that it would be easier to see the results and key highlights for the fourth quarter and the total year. In my commentary today, I'm going to provide additional context on these results. On a full-year basis, 2014 was another very good year. Our earnings per share on a diluted basis increased $0.10 per share to $3.18. We delivered strong top-line growth and growth in management operating income. However, our net income grew at a slower pace as a result of lower earnings from our alternative investment portfolio. Indemnities top-line growth of 8.5% was driven by nearly 9% growth in the direct premium of the property and casualty group. Direct written premium benefited from both solid increases and policies enforced and average premium per policy on all of our major product lines. Our agents and employees help us maintain an outstanding retention rate of over 90%. This is a reflection of our strong brand and above all service philosophy even in an ever-increasing competitive environment. At the end of 2014, we had nearly 2,200 highly loyal independent agencies with over 11,000 producers across our footprint. Our management operating income grew 6.5% in 2014 to $223 million based on strong top-line growth that was partially offset by higher agent compensation from profitable growth and ongoing strategic technology investments. Although, we began the year with significant weather related events including a May hailstorm that increased the property and casualty group combined ratios significantly. We ended the year at a statutory combined ratio of 100.6%. We had an exceptionally low combined ratio in the fourth quarter based on improved current accident year trends from lower frequency and severity. No major weather-related events and reserve releases from the settlement of a number of more significant claims. As a result of the lower combined ratio, the profitability bonus for our agents increased in the fourth quarter resulting in agent compensation for the year growing at a slightly higher pace than our top-line growth. Our non-commission expenses grew 6% overall in 2014. More than two points lower than our top-line growth rate of 8.5%. While we continue to manage expenses diligently and prioritize spending, our top-line growth drives our underwriting, policy processing and customer service variable expenses. Our investment income was down in 2014 based on the decline in our alternative investment portfolio earnings most of which was reflected in our fourth quarter earnings. We made a strategic decision almost 10 years ago to discontinue additional investment commitments in this asset class for Indemnity. As this portfolio continues to run-off, we expect to see more limited and inconsistent earnings from this part of our investment portfolio based on the nature of this asset class. Regarding the fourth quarter, our management operating earnings were down significantly from the prior period due to three primary factors. First, as I mentioned before, we ended the year with a significantly lower combined ratio than we expected at the end of third quarter. So we incurred additional commission related expense based on a higher agent profitability and bonus payout. Second, the lower combined ratio resulted in a higher annual incentive payout for our employees, which was also reported in the fourth quarter. And finally due to the 20% growth in the indemnity stock price during the fourth quarter we incurred an additional expense related to both our long-term incentive plan and the directors deferred compensation plan, which includes a component based on the Indemnity's share price. Turning to our balance sheet, we continue to focus on effectively managing our capital. Dividends paid to shareholders held almost $119 million during 2014. Furthermore in December, our Board approved a 7.2% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend of a Class A and Class B shares for 2015. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. Looking back on 2014, we had a very successful year. Now in 2015, we look forward to another successful year as we celebrate our 90th anniversary a significant milestone for our company. Our theme for the 90th anniversary is above all together. Our year-long celebration will give us time to thank our agents, our customers, our employees, our retirees and all those who came before us for their support and contributions over nine decades. We recognize that our success comes from an unwavering focus on our agents and customer satisfaction and a continued investment in our employees, technology and products. This strategy allows us to continue to be well-positioned for long-term growth in revenue and earnings. Now, I'd be happy to take your questions, so I'll turn the call back over to the operator to open up the line. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Adam Klauber from William Blair. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Couple of different questions, so if you exclude some of the incentive comp with the margin from management operations being in line with fourth quarter last year, better or worse?
Marcia Dall: So when you look at our annual incentive comp for the year for 2014, it was actually lower in total than the - what we paid down in 2013.
Adam Klauber: Right. But in the fourth quarter you had again commissions were higher - I'm asking more in the fourth quarter not for 2014.
Marcia Dall: So your question again was fourth quarter expenses for this year excluding --
Adam Klauber: Right. If you look at 
Marcia Dall: Incentive comp what occurred, right?
Adam Klauber: Right. And the higher commissions, yes.
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes. According to variable compensation that was utilized in terms of the improving loss ratio for our agents and then the incentive comp, I'm looking at the numbers now I would suggest that it was pretty similar in terms of flat from last year.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. So I know you don't give forecast. I'm not asking for specifically, but as we think about that - the margin for the management operations, should we think about being stable for next year or there potential for improvement?
Terry Cavanaugh: Again, our business is a bit unique in terms of again how we play-off each other in terms of the exchange and the Indemnity company. And as you saw in the fourth quarter based upon the success of the exchange there was some additional costs associated with Indemnity. We are very focused on making sure the exchange as a vehicle for our agents and customers success is always well-managed and is again, we invest in that very effectively. So we believe that again over the long-term, we can continue to grow the top-line as well as we will grow earnings. I'm not going to suggest that in any one quarter or in a year that will be linear.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. And then as far as top-line, in general it seems P&C industry is getting more competitive. Are you seeing that in your business?
Terry Cavanaugh: I would say as a general statement, yes. So when we say more competitive I think, again, after a series of years there are more of our competitors are anxious to hold onto their book of business. I think they may be a little reluctant to raise prices to do that. But I'm very bullish in our ability to be able to grow our business. I think again, as you see we have a significant advantage with our agency force. I think again, we've had a good model in terms of the product and prices what we have. I think again, we can continue to grow our geography as well as expanding geography. And I think, we will continue to look for opportunities to price effectively. I do believe there's still opportunity especially in the auto line or the homeowners line and I'll call it the commercial property lines. And we're beginning to see some signs of exposure growth both personal and commercial.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. That's good to see. In auto specifically, have you seen more recently any pick up in frequency compared to six months ago?
Terry Cavanaugh: From six months ago?
Adam Klauber: Whatever from 6, 12 months ago is frequency higher today?
Terry Cavanaugh: No. Not really. Obviously, I think there is some of their statistics would indicate there is more mileage being put on automobiles but they are safer. The general population that we have as a customer seems to be doing a good job, so I would say our frequency is not growing.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Thank you though that's my questions. Thank you very much.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thanks Adam.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Terry Cavanaugh for any further remarks.
A - Terry Cavanaugh: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate you dialing in and we look forward to the continuing dialogue in 2015.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks again for joining us. I'm sorry, go ahead Danielle.
Operator: No. Go ahead.
Scott Beilharz: Okay. A recording of this call we posted on website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please call me at area code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Scott Beilharz: Okay. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - VP, Capital Management and IR Terry Cavanaugh - President and CEO Marcia Dall - EVP and CFO Sean McLaughlin - EVP, Secretary and General Counsel 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Companys Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Id like to introduce your host for todays conference, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Scott Beilharz:  Thank you, Daniel and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for todays discussion about our third quarter 2014 results. Joining me today, are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed, and are available within the Investor Relations section of our Web site erieinsurance.com. As we typically do, we'll start the call today with the openings remarks from Terry and Marcia, and then well open the call for your questions. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the Companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated October 30, 2014, and in the related press release. Also, during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in our latest Form 10-Q. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our Web site today after 12:30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh:  Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. As you can see in our earnings release we continue to achieve solid results in the third quarter. We generated net income per share of $0.90 in the third quarter which was up $0.03 from the prior year. For the year net income per share was up $0.30 to $2.71. This year-over-year improvement reflects strong growth in management margin, as well as our investment operations. For the Exchange, direct written premium continues to outpace Koning's 2014 industry projection of 4.5%, increasing almost 9% for the third quarter and 8.5% for the year. We are very pleased with this growth in direct written premium resulting from increases in both policies in force and average premium per policy, along with a strong retention rate of 90.5%. When we talk about strong quarterly results like these, its important to remember that these results werent the outcome of some near-term action rather the seeds to these results were planted quarters if not years ago and took careful attention to be realized. We also know that the road to success is paid with loyal agents, strong customer retention and providing products that consumers want and need. Therefore, we will continue to focus our investments on these interwoven priorities, helping our agents to be successful, finding new ways to provide exceptional service and delivering products that customers need in a manner in which they want. It should come as no surprise to those of you who have followed Erie for some time that it all starts with attracting and retaining a loyal agency force. Without question, our agents are crucial to the sustained success of our Company as they are the face of Erie in the communities we serve. One way we are supporting our agents and helping them be successful is by investing in targeted marketing initiatives to increase brand awareness and the places they call home. And our efforts are working. According to our recent J.D. Power study Eries brand awareness has increased 25% over the past three years, thanks impart for our Go Local marketing initiative. We are also laying the ground work for their success through technology and ongoing platform enhancements. We have had great success over the past few years with a rollout of our personalized web-based coding system, and enhancements to our commercial system and our life system. 
 :  With that I will now ask Marcia to provide you with more details on our financial performance. 
Marcia Dall:  Thank you Terry and good morning everyone. As Terry mentioned net income for Erie Indemnity was $0.90 per diluted share in the current quarter compared to $0.87 per diluted share in the prior year quarter, reflecting increased revenue from management operation. In our management operations income before taxes was $62 million up $2 million or 1% over the prior year quarter. Revenue from our management operations grew $29 million to $370 million, this represents an 8.5% increase over the prior year period and is consistent with the nearly 9% increase in direct written premium of the property and casualty group. Cost of management operations grew $27 million or 10% to $308 million. Commission expense grew $21 million or 11.5%. Commission growth outpaced direct written premium growth primarily due to a projected increase from agent incentive cost. Non-commission expenses increased $6 million or 7% over the prior year quarter. The increase in expenses is attributable to increased cost associated with technology, underwriting and policy processing cost. These increases were partially offset by decreased pension cost and a decrease in the employee incentive plan cost related to underwriting performance.  Income from investment operations decreased 23% to $8 million in the third quarter of 2014 compared to $10 million in the third quarter of 2013, primarily due to a decrease in limited partnership income. We are pleased with our results for the first nine months of 2014. Indemnitys net income on a year-to-date basis is up $15 million to $142 million. On a per share basis, net income is up $0.30 per share to $2.71. In our management operations income before taxes grew $20 million over 11% to $188 million. The gross margin from management operations for the first nine months of 2014 was 17.5% compared to 17.1% for 2013.  Revenue from our management operations grew $82 million to $1.1 billion an increase of more than 8% reflecting strong growth in property and casualty premium. For the year premium per policy grew 4%, in addition on strong policyholder retention and the increase in new policies resulted in policy growth of 4.5%. Cost of management operations grew $62 million to $882 million up 7.7%. Commission expense grew $49 million to $587 million. Similar to the quarter Commission growth was higher than direct written premium growth in the first nine months of 2014, primarily due to an increase in agent incentive cost.  Non-commission expenses increased $30 million up 4.5% over the prior year period. Our non-commission expenses for the first nine months of the year benefited from a decrease in employee incentive plan cost and pension cost. Indemnitys income from investment operations grew $1 million to $26 million for the first nine months of 2014. And our continued commitment to provide shareholder value we paid dividends to shareholders of $89 million for the first nine months of 2014.  Now I will turn the call back over to Terry. 
Terry Cavanaugh:  Thank you, Marcia. Now before we take your questions I am really proud to announce two industry recognitions we recently received. In August Erie was once again recognized by J.D. Power & Associates receiving the top ranking for highest and customer satisfaction with small business commercial insurance. Eire Indemnity was also named in the Barrons 400 Index which collects the most fundamentally sound and attractively priced stock from all corners of the market. Only 6% of the publically traded companies are included on that list affirming the strength of our capital management strategy. Finally I want to give you a quick update on our expansion into the Kentucky market. Thanks to the hard work and dedication of our employees, we expect to begin writing personal auto, home insurance, personal excess, life annuity products in Kentucky in the fourth quarter of 2014.  And now I will turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for your question. 
Question: 
and: 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And I am not showing any questions at this time.
Terry Cavanaugh:  Alright, if there will be no questions. I would like to thank everyone for their time and interest this morning. As we approach the end of 2014 and look ahead, I believe we are well positioned for continued long-term growth and value creation. Thanks in large part on our unwavering commitment to exceeding the expectations of our customer. Thank you.
Scott Beilharz:  Thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our Web site erieinsurance.com after 12:30 P.M. Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at area code (814)-870-7312. Thank you. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating on todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day. 
Terry Cavanaugh:  Thank you very much.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Beilharz  Vice President-Capital Management & Investor Relations Terrence W. Cavanaugh  President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia A. Dall  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Ron D. Bobman  Capital Returns Management LLC Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC  
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Id like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Victoria, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us for todays discussion about our second quarter 2014 results. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplements were issued yesterday afternoon after the market closed, and are available within the investor relations section of our website erieinsurance.com. As we typically do we'll start the call today with openings remarks from Terry and Marcia, and then well open the call for your questions. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that todays discussions may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated July 31, 2014, and in the related press release. Also, in this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in the 10-Q. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Today I will provide a brief overview of our financials, our perspective on the market, and insight in how we are driving profitable growth over the long-term. Marcia then will discuss our financial results for the second quarter and the first half of 2014 in more detail, and then I will provide closing comments. From a financial perspective, Erie Indemnity had a strong second quarter. Reported net income per share was $0.94 versus $0.84 in the second quarter of last year. For the first half of this year, reported net income per share was $1.82, compared to $1.54 for the first half of last year, reflecting strong top line growth and positive year-over-year operating results. For Erie Insurance Exchange, direct written premium increased almost 9%, to $1.5 billion in the second quarter. For the first half of this year, direct written premium was nearly $2.8 billion, an increase of more than 8% over last year. Our results were driven by an increase in both policies in force and average premium per policy, along with our strong retention rate of 90.6%. As you'll see, our combined ratio is higher than we anticipated. This is primarily from the tough year we've had with whether-related events. For me, the real story behind these numbers is how our dedicated team of agents and employees continue to be above all in service, and how they take care of our customers in their time of need. We've already handled roughly 350,000 claims through June, which is nearly 25% higher than at this point last year. Now I'd like to share my perspective on our growth in the market. When we review the market, we use Conning data for the entire U.S. market and then SNL data to measure results specific to our geographic footprint. For 2013, Conning reported industry growth of slightly over 4%. During this period, Erie delivered growth of nearly 10%. Conning is currently projecting premium growth of 4% for 2014. As I mentioned earlier, Erie delivered over 8% growth in the first half of 2014. So we're well on track to once again outpace the industry projection. According to SNL, over the past five years, we've had the second highest market share percentage growth among the top 10 P&C insurers in our footprint. During this period we also grew market share each year in both personal and commercial lines in every state in our footprint. We often get asked how does Erie sustain this kind of premium growth year after year. We believe it comes from the continued strengthening of the relationship with our agents. By having a strong product offering, with excellent coverage and steady pricing, providing exceptional claims and customer services, having target marketing campaigns, and making their lives easier by improving upon processes and systems capabilities. Let me share with you some examples of what we are doing with our products to continue to raise the bar. On the personal lines side, we recently completed the rollout of our enhanced rental car reimbursement coverage. No longer will a customer have to settle for a sedan when what they really need is a SUV. We've also recently completed the rollout of our new homeowners product, which allows customers the flexibility to choose among a variety of coverage options. Whether it's offering guaranteed replacement costs or letting customers vary their deductibles by major peril, we are giving customers the choices they want and deserve by providing the coverage, deductible, and price they prefer. In today's environment, where many personal lines competitors are reducing coverage and mandating deductible amounts, we are proud to be able to allow customers to balance the amount of coverage they select with the premium they pay. We are also enhancing our products within our commercial lines business. For example, commercial customers are under a constant threat of cybersecurity breaches. Cyberattacks aren't just a threat for large corporations, and our small commercial business customers know this, and are now turning to us to help them recover if an attack occurs. We are fulfilling that need with a commercial data breach product that will protect our customers financially if such an event were to occur. We also know how important it is for our small commercial business customers to manage their cash flows. This is why we are not piloting a pay as you go option within our workers compensation line of business. Pay as you go is an additional payment option that allows our customers greater financial flexibility in managing their premiums, and takes away end of the year audit surprises. For the life business, we are very excited that our personal lines web-based quoting system, DS Pro, now has the capability to automatically quote life at the same time as auto and home. Additionally, we are giving our agents and life customers an easy quote option. This innovative tool enables our agents to more easily explain our life products, allowing agents and customers to focus on the life insurance need and protection, as opposed to dealing with stilted life insurance terminology. Our life products are a great complement to our PNC product line, helping to strengthen our retention and build even greater customer loyalty with Erie Insurance. These are just a few examples of our many product enhancements, and how we are making it easier for our agents and customers to do business with us. We will never rest on our laurels in our pursuit to being above all in service. This is a key to our ability to grow profitably at a rate that is faster than the industry over the long-term. We are very proud of our accomplishments, and what that means to our customers. Id like to thank our agents and employees. Without their unwavering commitment to Erie, we would not be the successful company, we are today. With that, I will now ask Marcia to provide you with more details on our financial performance.
Marcia A. Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning everyone. As Terry mentioned, net income for Erie Indemnity was $0.94 per share in the current quarter, compared to $0.84 per share in the prior year quarter, reflecting increased revenue from management operations and lower expense growth. In our management operations, income before taxes was $58 million, up $9 million over the prior year quarter. Our revenue growth outpaced our growth and expenses, increasing our gross margin from 17.3% to 18.2%. Revenue from our management operations grew $13 million to $374 million. This represents an 8.7% increase over the prior year period, and is consistent with the 8.8% increase in direct written premium of the property and casualty group. In the second quarter of 2014, premium per policy grew 4.2%. In addition, our strong policy holder retention, and the increase in new policies, resulted in policy growth of 4.5%. Cost of management operations grew $21 million or 7.6% to $306 million. Commission expense grew $18 million, or 10%. Commission growth outpaced direct written premium growth, primarily due to an increase in agent incentive costs compared to the prior year quarter. Non-commission expenses increased $3 million, or 2.8%, over the prior year quarter. Our non-commission expenses for the quarter benefited from a decrease in projected employee incentive plan costs and pension costs. Income from investment operations decreased to $7 million in the second quarter of 2014, compared to $8 million in the second quarter of 2013, due to lower equity and earnings of limited partnerships. Now lets look at our results for the first six months of 2014. Indemnitys net income totaled $95 million, compared to $81 million for the same period last year. On a per share diluted basis, net income was $1.82 per share, compared to $1.54 per share for the prior year. In our management operations, income before taxes grew $18 million to $126 million. The gross margin for management operations for the first half of 2014 was 18%, compared to 16.7% for 2013. Revenue from our management operations grew $53 million to $700 million, an increase of more than 8%. Cost of management operations grew $35 million to $574 million, or 6.4%. Commission expense grew $28 million to $379 million, primarily from the increase in direct written premiums of the property and casualty group. Non-commission expenses increased $7 million, or 3.2%, over the prior year quarter. Our non-commission expenses for the first six months of the year benefited from a decrease in projected employee incentive plan costs and pension costs. Indemnitys income from investment operations grew $3 million to $18 million for the first half of 2014. Turning to our balance sheet, our disciplined capital allocation process allows us to invest in the companys long-term growth, while returning cash to investors through attractive dividends and accretive stock repurchases. Dividends paid to shareholders totaled $59 million for the six months of 2014. Indemnity repurchased approximately 114,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at a total cost of $8.2 million during the second quarter. As of July 18, 2014, we have approximately $18 million remaining in our repurchase program. Now Ill turn the call back over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. Before we take your questions, Id like to highlight a number of recognitions Erie Insurance has received since our last call. In June, A.M. Best affirmed the A plus superior rating of the property and casualty affiliates of Erie Insurance Group as well as the A excellent rating of Erie Family Life Insurance Company. Erie property and casualty affiliates have maintained an A.M. Best rating of A excellent or better since 1939. Erie was again named to the Fortune 500 list of the largest American companies based on total revenue. And in July, Ward Group recognized Erie as one of the 50 top performing property and casualty companies. This is our seventh consecutive year receiving this award. Erie is only one of seven organizations to be named on both Wards 50 top performing life health companies. JD power released its 2014 U.S. auto insurance study and Erie continued to be ranked in the high satisfaction tier for the two geographic territories we serve, the Mid-Atlantic and North Central regions. Our scores improved on price, billing, and payment. While these recognitions like these are nice, the real recognition comes from our loyal customer base who entrust us with what matters most to them. Seeing the continued growth in our customer base every year is the best recognition of all. And now, Ill turn call over to the operator to open the line for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Ron Bobman of Capital Returns. Your line is now open.
Ron D. Bobman  Capital Returns Management LLC: Hi, good morning.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Good morning.
Ron D. Bobman  Capital Returns Management LLC: This is principally directed at Terry. The stock price for Erie Indemnity basically hasnt really gone anywhere since early 2011. When are managements actions or managements intentions going to shift for the benefit of shareholders? Or when will your efforts be reflected in the stock price, if its your opinion, its not yet?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Well, I can never judge how the external parties view the performance and economics of the organization. I always have in my perspective and in my actions the thoughts of all the constituencies, shareholders, again, agents, customers, and employees. And so to me, its a balancing act that requires some thoughtful strategy, as well as effective execution. I think, again, as evidenced by our performance and evidenced by the way our agents are performing and how loyal they are to us in terms of the loyalty we have with our customers, I think were running an effective business and Ill leave it up to others to determine what the economics should be for that.
Ron D. Bobman  Capital Returns Management LLC: But what are you  I mean the companys gotten commended by awards. as you highlighted, its gotten commended by Best, as you highlighted, which are sort of basically, policyholder and sort of size-oriented and service-oriented commendations. So the companys being sort of applauded for its high marks in those sorts of constituents services. But as relates to shareholders, what are you doing or what are you going to begin doing thats going to begin to reward shareholders? Because whats transpired, I mean listen, the stock markets the score board and the companys not being and shareholders are not being rewarded, or at least not being recognized, for shareholder efforts that youre pursuing to date or at least for the last three years. So what comes to mind or what are you pursuing or what do you propose changing in your pursuit and your efforts to get sort of the commendation that shareholders desire that youre getting elsewhere for the other constituents. And thats it from me. Thanks a lot.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: One, again, I think is running an effective business. And I think over the  again, we look at it over the long period of time so I guess if I look a bit in the rear view, I think we have rewarded shareholders both in terms of, again, capital appreciation and the dividends that have been paid over the years. And as, obviously, always difficult to predict the future both in terms of operating results, how those compare to others in the industry, and how that would be recognized by those that wish to invest their capital in the property casualty space. So I guess I spend my time trying to run the best business I can, again, for those constituencies I mentioned, and I think over the long haul, if we do that effectively, our results will be rewarded as relates to others in the property casualty space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber if William Blair. Your line is now open.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning, thanks. The margins beginning to come up. Do you think theres room for it to continue to rise and whats going to drive that rise if you think there is further room?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Again I think its difficult to predict always the future. I think weve obviously, started off with a strong year. We are cognizant of the need to continue to run an effective organization. Obviously, margins are based upon the top line in terms of again how we continue to drive the top line and then manage the effective investments of the business to manage our cost side. And so I would hope that, its going to continue as I talked about. The way our business runs, its a lumpy, not a linear cost structure for us. And so therefore there will be inevitably need to invest in the business in certain quarters going forward that might cause some margin compression. But I think, again, we recognize the need to continue to run an effective business that produces margins.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC: Excluding commissions and excluding investments, what do you think your core growth rate of expenses is?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Outside of commissions and investments  and my investments
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC: Like investing in systems or special projects (indiscernible) as you just mentioned.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Again, its sort of lumpy there. Obviously, any number of things that can cause that go up and down in terms of agency  variable compensation on the agency side, incentive plans, staffing requirements. And so, you know, we would like to, again, run an effective business. We would want to be able to have margins continue to increase, and have the business run effectively. But I guess Im not necessarily going to bifurcate the business and make a comment on that right now. I would be more than happy to think about and get back to you.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. As far as the auto insurance segment, could you comment on the competitive landscape? Have you see an increase in competition in the last six months, through the first half of 2014? Or would you say the competitive level is relatively stable with 2013?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Again, it varies by territory. I guess if you ask me one way, I would say its a little bit more competitive. I think people are, based upon whats happened on the property side, maybe again, redirecting and refocusing on the automobile side. Theres obviously no lack of competitors in that space. So I would suggest that theres maybe a little bit more competition around the auto product line than there was a year ago.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thats helpful. And then as far as frequency in auto, weve seen some good results at some other carriers. Hows your frequency running in the last three to six months?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: It is up, primarily based upon we had a significant weather activity that really hit our auto line very, very hard. And so we  it actually is one of our larger auto events by virtue of this weather that came through central Pennsylvania. And so it had a tendency to drive that up significantly where we had it significantly  it also increased severity because theres a lot of totals that came through the hail damage in that storm. Outside of that, our numbers are looking okay both in terms of frequency and severity.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then as far as home owners, I mean for the last couple years, a lot of the industry has pulled back, has been really restructuring their home owners books of business. Is that still going on, or is competition beginning to seep back in that market?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I think theres some more competition. I think, again, the industry had a good year last year and, therefore, I think memories have a tendency to fade a little bit in terms of again what can happen on your property book of business. I think theres also a belief that the industrys getting smarter in terms of its predictive modeling and what is a good property risk versus a less than good property risk. And so I think the competition is smarter, stronger. I think theres more thoughtful approach to, again, what other lines of business they can sell around the home owner line and were trying to do the same thing. And so, again, its a business that is a significant opportunity for the industry if people can figure out how to price it properly and how to underwrite it effectively.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) One moment. And at this time Im showing no further participants in the queue. I would like to turn the call over to Terry Cavanaugh, for any closing remarks.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Id like to thank everyone for their time this morning. As I said at the beginning of this call, we are off to a good start in 2014, and I believe we are in a strong financial and operational position to build upon this momentum. We appreciate the dialogue and feedback, and we look forward to our call. Thank you.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website www.erieinsurance.com after 12:30 P.M. Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at area code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating on todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
Scott Beilharz: You too. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Beilharz  VP-Capital Management & Investor Relations Terrence W. Cavanaugh  President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia A. Dall  Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Companys First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Id like to introduce you host for todays call, Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you Scott, and good morning, everyone. For the Erie Insurance Group, 2013 was a year of significant milestones. We reached $5 billion in premium last year while recording our fifth consecutive year of market share growth in every state in our footprint.  We delivered solid underwriting profitability and received additional third party recognition for our commitment for serving our customers. We also announced our plans to expand the business into Kentucky, which will become the 12th state in our footprint. Im pleased to report that we continue to build on that positive momentum in the first quarter of 2014. Highlights of our strong financial performance in the quarter include net income per share for Indemnity of $0.88 compared to $0.69 in the first quarter last year, reflecting strong top line growth and positive year-over-year investment results.  Direct written premium of $1.3 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 7.8% over last year. Our results were driven by both increases in policies in force and average premium per policy along with our strong retention rate of 90.6%. We were on track to outpace Konings 2014 industry growth projections of 4.2%. During the first quarter, we continue to build on our operational effectiveness. Our DSpro Web system is now being used in three out of four private passenger auto and home applications. This technology platform for our personal lines products is a key growth enabler and provides our agents a seamless, convenient way to meet their customers needs. DSpro Web is an example of the investment we make to maintain strong relationships with our agents. By providing our agents with a well rounded product offering backed by superb customer service, we continue to strengthen our relationship with our agents and their relationship with their customers, a necessity in our highly competitive industry.  Regarding customer service J.D. Power has once again recognized Erie Insurance. Last month, we learned that Erie earned second place in the J.D. Power property claim study, which measures customer satisfaction across the property claims experience.  Erie continued to be a high satisfaction carrier due to our prompt initial service contact, high caliber talent, timely payment of claims, and meeting our customers needs related to financial recovery and restoration.  This is a testament to the skills and effort of our agents and our claims employees, who are truly committed to being above all in service. Additionally, just last week, Erie earned first place in J.D. Powers 2014 insurance shopping study for highest in customer satisfaction with the auto insurance purchase experience.  This marks the fifth time Erie has earned the award since the annual study began in 2007. This award recognized the success of our agents and Erie employees in meeting high customer expectations, when it comes to the auto shopping experience and overall customer satisfaction. Id like to take this time to thank our employees and agents for their tireless efforts.  They make Erie the special company it is. We were off to a good start in 2014, and were excited about the opportunities for strengthening our brand and delivering the service for which Erie is known. Marcia will now provide you with more details into our first quarter financial performance.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. For the Erie Insurance Group, 2013 was a year of significant milestones. We reached $5 billion in premium last year, while recording our fifth consecutive year of market share growth in every state in our footprint.  We delivered solid underwriting profitability and received additional third party recognition for our commitment for serving our customers. We also announced our plans to expand the business into Kentucky, which will become the 12th state in our footprint. Im pleased to report that we continue to build on that positive momentum in the first quarter of 2014. Highlights of our strong financial performance in the quarter include net income per share for Indemnity of $0.88 compared to $0.69 in the first quarter last year, reflecting strong top line growth and positive year-over-year investment results.  Direct written premium of $1.3 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 7.8% over last year. Our results were driven by both increases in policies in force and average premium per policy along with our strong retention rate of 90.6%. We were on track to outpace Konings 2014 industry growth projections of 4.2%. During the first quarter, we continue to build on our operational effectiveness. Our DSpro Web system is now being used in three out of four private passenger auto and home applications. This technology platform for our personal lines products is a key growth enabler and provides our agents a seamless, convenient way to meet their customers needs. DSpro Web is an example of the investment we make to maintain strong relationships with our agents, with a well rounded product offering backed by superb customer service, we continue to strengthen our relationship with our agents and their relationship with their customers, a necessity in our highly competitive industry. Regarding customer service J.D. Power has once again recognized Erie Insurance. Last month, we learned that Erie earned second place in the J.D. Power property claim study which measures customer satisfaction across the property claims experience.  Erie continued to be a high satisfaction carrier due to our prompt initial service contact, high caliber talent, timely payment of claims, and meeting our customers needs related to financial recovery and restoration. This is a testament to the skills and effort of our agents and our claims employees, who are truly committed to being above all in service. Additionally, just last week, Erie earned first place in J.D. Powers 2014 insurance shopping study for highest in customer satisfaction with the auto insurance purchase experience.  This marks the fifth time Erie has earned the award since the annual study began in 2007. This award recognized the success of our agents and Erie employees in meeting high customer expectations, when it comes to the auto shopping experience and overall customer satisfaction. Id like to take this time to thank our employees and agents for their tireless efforts. They make Erie the special company it is. We were off to a good start in 2014, and were excited about the opportunities for strengthening our brand and delivering the service for which Erie is known. Marcia will now provide you with more details into our first quarter financial performance.
Marcia A. Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. As Terry mentioned, our first quarter results continue to build upon 2013s success. Net income was $0.88 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.69 share per share in the prior year quarter.  This growth was driven by our increased revenue from management operations, lower expense growth and increased equity in earnings of limited partnerships. In our management operations, income before taxes was $58 million, up $9 million over the prior year quarter. Our revenue growth outpaced our growth and expenses increasing our gross margin from 16.1% to 17.9%. Revenue from our management operations grew by $23 million to $326 million. This represents a 7.5% increase over the prior year period and is consistent with the 7.8% increase in direct written premium of the Property and Casualty Group. With the help of our independent agents and strong policy holder retention, we were able to build upon our policy and premium for policy growth from a year ago. In the first quarter of 2014, we delivered policy growth of 4.7% and a 4.2% increase in premium per policy. This performance reflects meaningful growth in both our personal and commercial product line. Cost of management operations grew $14 million or 5.2% to $268 million.  Commission expense grew $10 million or 6% primarily from the increase in direct written premium. This increase was partially offset by a slight decrease in other agent compensation primarily due to a decrease in the projected profitability bonus component. This was a result of factoring in the underwriting results of the Property and Casualty Group for the current quarter. Non-commission expenses increased $4 million or 3.6% over the prior year quarter. This is primarily due to higher personnel costs and policy processing expenses related to business volume growth, partially offset by a decrease in the pension expense. Indemnitys income from investment operations was up $4 million in the first quarter of 2014 primarily from an increase in Indemnitys equity and earnings of limited partnerships. As you know, we have a disciplined capital allocation process. We balance our need to invest in the companys long term growth and our ability to return cash to investors through attractive dividends and accretive stock repurchases. Dividends paid to shareholders totaled $30 million for the first three months of 2014. In addition, Indemnity repurchased approximately 145,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at a total cost of $10.2 million during the first quarter. As of April 18, 2014, we have approximately $22 million remaining in our repurchase program. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. We recently held our annual shareholder meeting here at our corporate headquarters in Erie. At the meeting, all 12 members of our Board of Directors were reelected to serve another year. Id like to express my sincere gratitude to our Directors for their guidance and steadfast commitment to our success. Id also like to thank our investors for their continued trust and support. Trust is critically important to everything we do at Erie, which is why we are pleased to be included in the Forbes 2014 list of Americas 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies. And even more impressively, if any first among mid cap organizations. Ill now turn the call back over to the operator, to open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: All right. If there are no questions, Id just like to thank everyone for their time and interest and participating in this call this morning. As Ive said in the beginning of this call, were off to a good start in 2014 and believe were in a strong financial and operational position to build upon the momentum we created in 2013 despite what I might call some uncertain economic time.  We remained focused on creating value for our shareholders through our continued execution of our long term strategy, of delivering a compelling product line with the best service in the industry. Again, thank you all for participating this morning.
Scott Beilharz: Thanks, Terry. Thanks, again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at area code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Beilharz  VP, Investor Relations Terrence W. Cavanaugh  President and CEO Marcia A. Dall  EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC Ron D. Bobman  Capital Returns Management LLC  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter 2013 earnings conference call. I would like to introduce Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations, and our host for today's call. Please go ahead.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Danielle, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us. On today's call, we'll discuss our fourth quarter 2013 results and matters related to the company's fourth quarter and full year operations. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplements were issued yesterday afternoon and are currently available on our website, erieinsurance.com. In this call, we'll first hear statements from Terry and Marcia, and then open it up for questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's discussions may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-K filing with the SEC, dated February 27, 2014 and in the related press release. Also, during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in the 10-K. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. In 2013 our focus was on execution. On driving the initiatives that we put in place over the last few years, in terms of products, processes, technology and talent development. The result and the intent, was to strengthen the connections we have with our agents, our customers and our employees. During 2013, the Exchange reached the milestone in direct written premium of over $5 billion and a record high of $6.5 billion in surplus. Throughout 2013, we were able to grow in all major lines of business, by increasing both policies in force and average premium per policy. We are proud that our retention remains strong at 90.6%. The Exchanges strong top-line growth helped drive gains and Indemnitys net income and earnings per share. Indemnity's net income per share increased from $2.99 per share in 2012, to $3.08 per share for 2013. Our success is fueled by top-line growth and our ability to conduct our business efficiently. Success wouldnt be possible without our team. Our agents who connect with our customers and sell our value proposition every day and our employees who provide superior service to our customers. We take these connections very seriously at Erie, whether it's the support we give to our agents, the product and services we provide to our customers, or the dedicated presence we have in the communities we serve. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Marcia, to review our financials.
Marcia A. Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. Today Ill review the results for the fourth quarter and the full-year 2013. First lets look at our fourth quarter results. After tax net income for the quarter was $36 million compared to $30 million for the same period a year ago. On a diluted share basis, net income was $0.67 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.56 per share in the prior year quarter. This reflects an increase in income from both management operations and investment operations. Revenues from our management operations grew by $26 million to $309 million in the fourth quarter. This represents nearly 9% increase over the prior year period and is consistent with 9.5% increase in direct written premium achieved by the property and casualty group. The growth in direct written premiums for the quarter was the result of a continued strong policy retention rate of 90.6%, and 11% increase in new business policies and nearly 5% increase in the average premium per policy. Turning now to our expenses for the quarter, our cost of management operations grew by $19 million to $268 million. Commission expense increased $14 million and nearly 9% primarily driven by the increased premium generated by the property and casualty group. Non-commission expenses increased $5 million [or] [ph] 5% due primarily to personnel cost. These include increases in pension and medical expenses, and an increase related to the incentive plan compensation cost. Pre-tax income from management operations totaled $41 million compared to $34 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Indemnity's investment income for the quarter, increased by $3 million to $13 million pre-tax. This increase was due to favorable results from limited partnership investments. As Terry mentioned, Indemnitys net income per share increased from $2.99 per share in 2012 to $3.08 per share for 2013. For the year, Indemnity benefited from an increase in its income from both management operations and investment operations. Pre-tax income for management operations in 2013 totaled $209 million, compared to $205 million in 2012. Excluding a $6 million adjustment related to North Carolina Reinsurance Commission, 2012 income from management operations would have been $199 million. The increase in income from management operations was driven by $109 million or 9% increase in revenue, reflecting the strong top line growth in the Exchanges direct written premium. Contributing to the Exchanges overall premium growth was a 4.8% increase in total policies in force and a 4.5% increase in average premium per policy. The increase in direct written premium also benefited from a strong 90.6% retention rate, a double-digit premium growth from new business. Management operation expenses for the year grew $105 million or 11% overall. Indemnitys commission related expenses grew $75 million or 12% primarily as a result of growth in premium and an increase in the projected expense for agency bonus program.
 : Turning now to capital management, Indemnity has consistently paid dividends since 1933. Last year, our financial performance and the strength of our balance sheet enabled us to return nearly $84 million in dividends to our shareholders. In December 2013, our Board approved a 7.2% increase in a regular quarterly cash dividend of the Class A and Class B shares. We also continued our stock repurchase program in 2013. During the fourth quarter, the company repurchased approximately 142,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at a cost of $10 million. For the full year 2013, we repurchased approximately 432,000 shares at a cost of $31 million. As of February 14, 2014, we had approximately $32 million of share repurchase authorization remaining in our program. And now, Ill turn the call back over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thanks, Marcia. I mentioned that 2013 was a year of strong execution. We remain focused on the strategic products, processes and capabilities well need in order to continue our momentum in the marketplace. Our multiyear business strategy focuses on four key priorities. First, we are working to enhance the overall experience between our agents and customers. Our agents are the critical link between Erie and our customers, and these connections are the strategic advantages that differentiate our service, our company and our brand. Second, our strategy is to continue to expand our product offerings, allowing our agents to remain competitive and relevant in the marketplace. The third component of our strategy is our commitment to service. Being above all in service means always reaching higher. We must continue to identify how services needs are changing and what consumers expect from their insurance company. We look to reinforce value with every interaction, and deliver a best-in-class service experience. The fourth and final component to our strategy is geographic expansion. As we announced in the third quarter, we plan to begin operations in the Commonwealth of Kentucky by the first quarter of 2015 or earlier is possible. These four key priorities will ensure that our overall strategy is successful for our agents, our customers and our shareholders. Finally, I would like to close my comments by recognizing the passion of Lucian Morrison. Lucian became a Director of Erie Indemnity in 2006 and served with distinction on several committees during his time with us. The entire Board and management team mourns his death. His intellect, business skill and humor will be missed by the Erie Family. We extend our condolences to Lucians wife Nancy and their family and friends. And now I'll turn the call back over to the operator, to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Jeff Halis from Tyndall Management. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: Hi Terry and Marcia. Good morning. A question about expenses. In 2003 non-commission expenses as a percentage of management operation revenues was 19.6%. Five years after that, the year that you took charge, 2008, it had risen to 26%. In this past year it had risen to 29.1%. This ongoing pattern suggest to me either a significant deterioration in the business model or significant failures by management. If the cause is a deterioration in the business model, could you describe the changes so that we can consider the future implications?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I would not characterize it as a change in business model, its more a recognition of how the industry is evolving and changing along with the consumer demands. So, I suggest that over that period of time many industries have changed and I think the insurance industry has been one of those. And I think we as a successful participant in that industry have been able to recognize those changes and they would revolve around aspects of producer compensation, technology.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: This obviously dont include commissions.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Im just trying to broaden the conversation to talk about that, what we consider the value model that we bring to the agents and to the consumer. Clearly, technology has been a big player in this. We continue invest in our people platform. Again, this focus we have on service is unwavering and I would suggest that the consumer needs to have more capability in terms of being able to be comfortable and confident with their insurance provider. And so we are spending money around that. I would suggest again, whole world of benefits continues to expand in terms of issues of medical and other aspects of engaging our employees. We have variable compensation in there in terms of again that is not tied to the agency compensation, but again as we continue to grow unit count and attract new customers, we have significant cost there in terms of being able to acquire that business as it relates to surveys and other underwriting tools that we utilize. And so I do recognize that number has grown, but I think again overall we run a successful business.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: Well, Terry, it's not a question of whether you run a successful business, it just seems meaningfully less successful than it used to be. I think you've always had a great reputation for service and more than 50% increase in the relative share of non-commission expense also represents an actual doubling of the non-commission expense. That cant continue and the company remain profitable and successful. So, I guess I still don't understand enough about why it went up so that I can understand whether it's going to grow another 50% in the future?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Again I cant speculate on what the demands of the marketplace will be going forward, in terms of where we need to invest in our business to remain a good value proposition for our distribution force and for our customers.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: So you think a 50% increase in expense is relative to revenues in a 10 year period represents sound management policy in the context of the existing marketplace?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I think in a question like that, you got a look at again the specifics of the industry, whats taken place. I cant I guess at this point time look at what the platform look like in 2003, and necessarily.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: Okay, in 2008 when you took over it's I think a 10% or 11% relative increase in five years.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Yes, it has been. And I would suggest that, I think we have done a lot over the last five years to create a business that is reflective of the kind of business success we are having in the marketplace. I think weve been prudent, but also I would suggest weve been proactive in investing in areas that we think we will continue to provide value around again sound actuarial science in terms of marketing, capability that we brought to our agents whether it be more effective and tighter financial controls, stronger legal presence. And so all these things that I think they are necessary to run a business effectively we have invested in over the last five years.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: Do you think Erie was unsuccessful five years ago and that had lower cost structure?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Was it more successful five years ago?
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: No. Was it unsuccessful, when it had the lower cost structure?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Well, again its just one aspect of the business. Five years ago it was also  It hadnt grown in three or four years. It had a major underwriting issue before that time. And so again I would suggest that an investor needs to look at the totality of our business and in any one time theyre going to be things you can look at, but I guess may concern you. But I think we are very comfortable that were doing the right thing with our dollars to run a business effectively today and more importantly to run a effective business tomorrow.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: Well, when you say look at the totality, you cited the earnings per share reflecting significant buybacks. In 2013 it was $3.08, 2012 it was to $2.99, 2011 it was $3.08, 2010 is $2.85. Is that successful growing business?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I think again in terms of again growing the business for all the constituencies I thing we are satisfied that we are doing well, in terms of being  I make sure all of those constituencies, the agency, the customer, the employee and the shareholder are effectively rewarded.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: Is that listing the shareholder last  the listing that you think about because it doesnt seem like the shareholder was very rewarded in the last three or four years?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Im sorry you feel that way. Again, we do spend time worrying about and making sure that the shareholders are rewarded. I will tell you that I think the return that weve been able to create economically over that period of time has not been insignificant. And I do spend time worrying about again, Ill call it, the engine that drives shareholder value on a daily basis, weve got to do the things that are effective for our agents, for those people that choose to do business with us. We spend time very much worried about the consumer in terms of again, their choice to choose us as their insurance carrier and then how we respond to their needs when a claim occurs.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: I just want to be clear. so you are giving no indication that the expense level, which is that a peak in 50% higher than it was 10 years ago, will ever go down and it might go up from where it is today.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I did not give that.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: I just want to be clear that youre not giving any indication of reduction.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Im not giving any indication one way or the other.
Jeffrey S. Halis  Tyndall Management LLC: Okay, which means no indication of reduction. Well, Ill let some ask  also ask some questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Ron Bobman from Capital Returns. Please go ahead.
Ron D. Bobman  Capital Returns Management LLC: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I just  obviously, expense management has come up I think at least a couple of times in the most recent calls. And I do think given the trend  the historical run rate of expenses  that it would be prudent and very reasonable for  if its not this call, its the next call, that you give us some expectation for expenses. Now, Im not asking you to look three, four, five years out, but surely youve got a business plan for the next 12 and maybe 24 months. And it is what it is. Im not challenging the trend line, but we would appreciate some sort of insight as to whether you think this current relationship on a percentage basis of non-commissional expenses is going to sort of be at this level, is going to top out or requires additional expense. And its  were not asking for, I think you used the word crystal ball. but if you could give us some guidance at some point and some point soon, that would be appreciated. Thanks and best of luck.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you very much for the input.
Operator: Thank you. And Im not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Beilharz for any further remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Danielle. And as there are no more questions, thank you again, for joining us. We appreciate your participation and questions. A recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 P.M. Eastern Time today. Our 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is scheduled for Tuesday, April 15 at 9:30 A.M. Eastern Time at our corporate headquarters in the Erie, Pennsylvania. If you have any additional questions, please call me at 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you very much for your interest.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Vice President, Investor Relations Terrence Cavanaugh -President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia Dall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sean McLaughlin - Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Analysts: Adam Klauber - William Blair
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. I would like to introduce Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Investor Relations, and our host for today's call.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Janine, and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us. On today's call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2013 results and matters related to the company's third quarter operations. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean McLaughlin, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplements were issued yesterday afternoon and are currently available on our website, erieinsurance.com. In this call, we'll first hear statements from Terry and Marcia, and then open it up for questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's discussions may contain forward-looking remarks that reflect the company's current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated October 31, 2013, and in the related press release. Also, during this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in the 10-Q. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to recording, its publication, webcast and broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Indemnity's third quarter 2013 results were impacted by three primary factors, strong management fee revenue, higher operating expenses and lower investment income. Combined, these led to net income for the quarter of $0.87 per share compared to $0.96 per share last year. Today I will discuss our topline growth and operating expense trends. I'll then provide an update on our current geographic expansion strategy. Then Marcia will discuss our financial results in more detail. In the third quarter, Indemnity continued to see strong topline growth, achieving a 9.6% increase in the direct written premium of the property and casualty group. We were able to grow in all major lines of business, as we increased both the number of policies enforce and the average premium per policy. Our retention also remains healthy at 90.7%. Looking at our operating expense trends, the most significant factor during the third quarter was an increase in the projected expense for agency bonus program. This bonus program rewards our agents for growth and profitability related to their book of business over a three-year period of time. As a strategic tool, the bonus program aligns the interest of our agents with the goals of our insurance entities to achieve profitable growth over the long-term. The property and casualty group's strong growth in direct written premium and underwriting profitability year-to-date has caused us to increase our projected program expense. As a reminder, last year the projected bonus payout to our agents decreased during the third quarter due to the severe weather losses experienced by the property and casualty group. Geographic expansion is an important component of our overall growth strategy. In that regard, I am pleased to announce that we are expanding the property and casualty and life insurance operations of Erie Insurance Group into the Commonwealth of Kentucky by early 2015. Kentucky will be a valuable addition to our footprint, becoming the 12 state, serviced by our network of independent agents. The state offers an attractive growth opportunity for Erie and our agents. With our footprint probably surrounding Kentucky, we will be able to provide a growth opportunity for our most effective and loyal existing agents from those bordering states. With the expansion in Kentucky, we will leverage our existing resources and expertise in sales management, underwriting and claims, to effectively support writing and servicing this new business. We look forward to bring in our above all-in service brand to the consumers in Kentucky. Before I turn the call over to Marcia, I'd like to welcome a new member of Erie's executive team, Sean McLaughlin. As I mentioned last quarter, Sean joined Erie as our new Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Council. Sean brings an impressive background and valuable skill set to Erie, having most recently served as Chief Judge for the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Marcia to review our financial results.
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. As Terry mentioned, while topline growth has remained strong, higher operational expenses and lower investment income are impacting the overall financial results. Our net income was $0.87 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.96 per share in the prior year quarter. This reflects a decrease in both management operations income and investment income. Our management operations pre-tax income totaled $60 million compared to $66 million in the third quarter 2012. Revenue from our management operations grew $28 million to $341 million in the third quarter. This represents a 9.2% increase over the prior year period and is consistent with the 9.6% increase in direct written premium of the property and casualty group. With the help of our independent agents, we delivered policy enforced growth of 4.7% and nearly 5% increase in year-over-year average premium per policy. Even with the rate increases we've been taking, our 90.7% retention is exceptionally strong. Equally important, we are also attracting new customers, delivering nearly 22% increase in new business premium. Turning now to our expenses for the quarter. Our cost of management operations grew $34 million to $281 million. Commission expense increased $24 million, up 14.4% in the third quarter compared to last year. This increase is the result of base commission growth from direct written premium and an increase to projected agent bonuses. As Terry stated, the strong growth in our book of business and the property and casualty group underwriting profitability year-to-date has caused us to increase our projected payout for agent bonuses. Non-commission expenses increased $10 million compared to the prior year quarter, reflecting increased acquisition related expenses for new business growth and an increase in personnel related expenses. The overall expense increase reduced the gross margin for management operations from 20.9% in the third quarter of 2012 to 17.7% for the third quarter of 2013. Indemnity's investment income decreased $2 million for the quarter to $10 million pre-tax. This decrease is attributable to lower net realized gains and lower earnings on our limited partnership investments. Now, let's look at our results for the first nine months of 2013. Indemnity's net income totaled a $127 million compared to $113 million for the same period last year. On a per share diluted basis, net income was $2.41 per share compared to $2.43 per share for the prior year. In our management operations, income before taxes decreased $3 million to $168 million. The gross margin for management operations for the first nine months of 2013 was 17.1% compared to 18.8% for 2012. As we discussed last quarter, 2012 commission expenses included a $6 million commission adjustment. Excluding the adjustment, the gross margin would have been 18.2% for the first nine months of 2012. Indemnity's investment income dropped $1 million to $25 million for the first nine months of 2013 due to lower levels of realized gains. Turning to our stock repurchase program. During the third quarter, the company repurchased approximately 76,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at a total cost of $5.7 million. As of September 30, 2013, we have approximately $47 million of repurchase authorization remaining in our program. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Terry.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thanks, Marcia. Before we get to your questions, I am very proud to announce an important recognition we recently received. In September, Erie was named by J.D. Power and Associates, as highest in customer satisfaction with small business commercial insurance. In this study, the first of its kind in the small business sector, Erie ranked highest in the factors affecting customer satisfaction, interaction and policy offerings. Erie agents played a key role in running our score for interaction, which far outpaced every other competitor and for policy offerings, which small business owners indicate are a leading reason for staying with their insurer. We're delighted to be the first insurance company to be recognized by J.D. Power and Associates for both our personnel and commercial platforms. A vital component in that success is Erie's unique relationship with their agents, which provides a strong platform for long-term profitable growth. And now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question is from Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Couple different questions. Could you talk about, how is the rollout of the underwriting systems going, number one. And how should we think about that from an expense standpoint next year?
Terrence Cavanaugh: I think the rollout which has been multiyear rollout is going well and has picked up momentum in 2013. Clearly the DS-Pro system that is our personal lines platform has continued to grow in terms of its capability. It's handling new business very effectively across a multitude of products now. It's in all of our jurisdictions. And so I think that what you're seeing is, again, our total value offering is being well received based upon the kind of growth we have in new business and our overall retention rate. The commercial lines platform, which is called the C-line has again begun to build momentum in terms of a smaller product offering, then it's not over the entire platform as of yet, but is gaining acceptance and the agency plant is getting familiar with it and beginning to embrace it. And so again, I think looking at the results we have in terms of our ability to write new business commercially and to retain that business, again it's a nice addition. And it will continue to be more important in 2014, on both sides. We also have a very effective platform for our life insurance business that hasn't gotten much play, but I think is one of the strongest state-of-the-art platforms in the marketplace and it is serving us well in the life insurance business. We will continue to invest in those platforms. I think that it is imperative that we do so both in terms of making sure that we maintain our competitive edge and it is quite frankly a good time to do so. I think we've got a strong capability to do so. And we will invest in that business as we roll further products into the commercial lines platform. There are opportunities to continue to add competencies, and I'll call the front-end of the personal lines system more user-friendly. And the other thing that we're just spending money on is again continuing to build, I'll call it, pricing sophistication that requires technology that may not be as obvious to the consumer or the agent or the investor, but we're spending money there also. And again, that's a never ending journey as we look to make sure that we have pricing schemes that are effective in terms of picking the right customer at the right price.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Switching to growth, you're clearly continuing to grow the business nicely. Is there a distinction between your more mature markets, like Pennsylvania, versus some of the newer, smaller markets? Are you growing more in the newer markets or are you just growing really across the board?
Terrence Cavanaugh: As I indicated, we're growing across the board. We've been able to grow market share in every state over the last couple of years in every product line. So I mean that's, just to me, a great testament to, again, the power of our brand when you think about market penetration and place like Pennsylvania or West Virginia. But clearly we are growing faster in those state that maybe newer, although I will tell you, one of our stronger states is Tennessee and we've been there for a couple of decades. But we just are spending a lot more time understanding the marketplace, putting the right talent in place, dealing with the right agents, and so we're getting some nice growth in those other states. But we're doing so in a way that we think is effective. I'm the big believer in growth with profit and you have to make sure you balance that and I think we're being able to do that. But there are also pockets -- again, I'm always amazed that there are always opportunities in those more mature states, places like New York and Virginia. And again, part of our marketing capability and part of technology is allowing us to drilldown by county and by ZIP code to find where those opportunities are.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: As far as rates, it looks like across the board you're getting almost five points of rate on most lines of business. When I look at the commercial market, it seems like just overall the market is getting more competitive. When I'm just looking at your accident year for nine months, the weather has been good, so there that's a help, but you're running at 94% accident year in your commercial. As you look to next year, do you think rates will moderate in commercial somewhat?
Terrence Cavanaugh: I wish I could answer that definitively. What I think there still remains a good discipline in the market. I think based upon the realities of what you can drive-off of your asset side of your balance sheet. So I think, while people are interested at in terms of retaining business and growing business, I think there still remains a good underwriting discipline in the industry. I might suggest its more so on the personal line side than the commercial line side. But I think our sort of market shelf in terms of the smaller commercial business is more resilient in terms of being able to be better served by a brand like Erie in terms of having a agent close to that business owner, with underwriters that know that business, that make individual underwriting decisions, and so I guess, I am confident that we'll continue to get the right rate for the risk and be able to retain the business and grow business.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: And then switching to personal lines, from what we hear in talking with some of the other companies, there's a number of regional companies and some large national companies who have been really looking to fix their homeowners' book and even fix their auto book and that I imagine you've been benefiting from that. Are you seeing any change in that direction or are you still seeing good room to grow in those markets?
Terrence Cavanaugh: I mean, I never know what our competitors are doing, but clearly we think again there is more discipline in that marketplace, better capital allocation by product line across the personal line space, which is I think allowing the industry to price the business more effectively by product and by geography. So I think that's something that we're seeing. So I do believe that we will still see rate increases in the personal lines space, whether they slowdown, I'm not sure. The good news there also is that you've got an exposure base there that continues to evolve as people buy and sell cars. And even today with the tough economy, they are more homes out there than they were five years ago at every economic strata. And so we're pretty bullish on the personal lines marketplace.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: And then finally, as far as the non-commission expense growth, I think you did a nice job of showing it to grow, it grew $10 million. You mentioned a couple of items that pushed it higher, that's I think around 11% growth. As we think about that next year, not asking for an exact figure, but is it going to continue the run rate that higher or is it potentially it starts coming down?
Terrence Cavanaugh: Again, we continue to invest in our business as we grow. We obviously have needs to continue to support, again our focus on service, which is when we talk about services, its service to the customer, its policy, administration services, its underwriting capability, its actuarial talent. And so we have invested in those platforms to make sure that we don't overrun our growth. So again that's one thing we're very, very cognizant to make sure that we have the platform to be able to service this new business, to be able to service the renewal book of business. So we have added staff across those areas that I've just discussed. I would like to believe that we can run a prudent business in '14 and beyond that will make sure that we are in effective operation from expense standpoint as well as investment standpoint.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Beilharz for any further remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Janine, do you first want to see if there's no more questions. If there's no more questions, thanks again for joining us. We appreciate your participation and the questions. Recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any additional questions, please call me at 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you everyone, for your time. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's program. This does conclude the presentation. And you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Investor Relations Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia A. Dall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Klauber - William & Blair
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Id like to introduce Scott Beilharz, Vice President of Capital Management and Investor Relations and our host for today's call. 
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Nicole and welcome everyone. We appreciate you joining us. On todays call we will discuss our second quarter 2013 results and matters related to the companys second quarter operations. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO and Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Our earnings release and financial supplements were issued yesterday afternoon and are currently available on our website, erieinsurance.com. In this call we will first hear statements from Terry and Marcia and then open it up for questions. Before we begin I'd like to remind everyone that todays discussions may contain forward-looking statements remarks that reflect the companys current views about future events. These remarks are based on assumptions, subject to known and unexpected risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those described in these remarks. For information on important factors that may cause these differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated August 1, 2013 and in the related press release. Also during this call we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP-based results can be found in the 10-Q. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It may not be reproduced or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12.30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call constitutes your consent to the recording, its publication, webcast, broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. I am pleased to start this call by saying we've had another good quarter. Even in this environment of stubborn unemployment and increased competition for consumer attention and loyalty were continuing to win in the market with effective pricing and our steadfast commitment to service. At the same time were looking ahead and investing in our future through improved technology platforms and agency support.  Difficult market challenges hurt some companies but provide opportunities for strong companies like Erie. In this second quarter weve experienced continued high retention while increasing premium over the last year. Marcia will share more details when she discusses our financial results. But let me touch on few highlights first. Weve experienced strong top-line growth in the first half of 2013, driven by a 9.7% increase in direct written premium of the property and casualty group.  We were able to grow in all major lines of business as we increased policies in force and average premium per policy. And retention remains strong at an impressive 90.9%. We attribute this success on our continued growth of products that meet our customers' needs and the exceptional service delivered by our agents and employees. Competitive products and attention to service have enabled Erie to continue market share gains across all lines and all space where we do business. While acknowledging our success we must also be mindful of the challenges ahead and not become complacent.  We remain focused on making innovation, service, ease of doing business the priorities for driving our business forward. In personal lines we're enhancing our web-enabled quoting capabilities. For example in several states we recently added ErieSecure Home functionality to our existing web-based quoting system. Agents in those states can now obtain a combined personal auto and ErieSecure Home quote in a matter of minutes.  As we step toward the future we continue to make improvements not only in our product offerings and technology but also through our facilities. In July we announced the development plans for a state-of-the-art training center. This new facility will keep Erie on the cutting age of claims technology and training. Thats important because it enables our employees and agents to better serve our customers.  Our positive growth, strong financials and commitment to improving our business capabilities have positioned us for continued success in the coming quarters and beyond.  With that Ill now turn the call over Marcia to review our financial results. 
Marcia A. Dall : Thank you Terry and good morning everyone. Our net income was $0.84 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.80 per share in the prior year quarter. This reflects relatively soft management operations income and a slight increase in our investment income. Our management operations pretax income totaled $59 million in both the second quarters of 2013 and 2012.  Revenue from our management operations grew $28 million to $344 million in the second quarter. This represents an 8.8% increase over the prior year period and it is consistent with the 9.3% increase in direct written premium of the property and casualty group.  With the help of our independent agents we delivered policy growth of a little more than 4% and a nearly 5% increase in year-over-year average premium per policy. As Terry mentioned our retention remains strong at 90.9%. Were also attracting new customers delivering a nearly 12% increase in new business premiums.  Our cost of management operations grew $28 million to $285 million. Commission expense increased $22 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to the prior year quarter. Commission expense in the second quarter 2012 included a $6 million commission adjustment from the North Carolina reinsurance facility for commissions previously paid by Indemnity. Excluding this adjustment our commission expenses would have increased 10% for the current quarter, which is in line with our premium growth.  Non-commission expenses increased $6 million compared to the prior year quarter reflecting higher personnel cost and increased acquisition related expenses due to new business growth. The gross margin for management operations were 17.3% in the second quarter of 2013 compared to 18.6% in second quarter of 2012. Excluding the North Carolina commission adjustment the second quarter of 2012 gross margins would have been 16.8%.  Indemnitys investment income grew $2 million for the quarter to $8 million pretax. This increase reflects higher earnings from our alternative investment portfolio.  Now lets go through the results for the first six months of 2013. Indemnitys net income totaled $81 million, compared to $79 million for the same period last year. On a per share diluted basis net income was $1.54 per share compared to $1.47 per share for the prior year. In our management operations, income before taxes grew $3 million to $108 million. The gross margin from management operations for the first half of 2013 was 16.7% compared to 17.8% for 2012. Excluding the North Carolina commission adjustment the gross margin for the first half of 2012 would have been 16.8%.  Indemnitys investment income grew slightly to $15 million for the first half of 2013 due to higher levels of income from our alternative investments. Our asset levels have declined as a result of our dividend and repurchase strategy and we continue to realize lower levels of yield on our portfolio due to current market conditions.  Regarding our share repurchases during the second quarter the company repurchased approximately 24,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at a total cost of $1.8 million. As of June 30, 2013 we have approximately $53 million remaining in our repurchase program.  Now I will turn the call back over to Terry. 
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thanks, Marcia. Before we get to your questions I am very proud to announce a number of recent company recognitions. In June, J.D. Power released its 2013 U.S. Auto Insurance Study. Erie once again placed in the high satisfaction tier for the two geographic areas we serve, the mid-Atlantic and North Central regions. Our scores improved in billing, payment and claims. Also in June, A. M. Best affirmed the A+ superior rating of the property and casualty affiliates of the Erie Insurance Group as well as the A excellent rating of Erie Family Life Insurance Company. Erie Property and casualty affiliates have maintained an A. M. Best rating of A excellent or better since 1939.  In July, we learned that the Ward Group once again recognized Erie as one of its Wards 50 top performing property and casualty companies. This is our sixth consecutive year receiving this award. These awards acknowledge the totality of our business proposition, including our commitment to service, innovation and financial strength and an operating model that allows us to meet our customers evolving needs. Finally, I would like to announce that the Honorable Sean J. McLaughlin will be joining Erie Insurance as our new Executive Vice-President, Secretary and General Counsel on August 26th. Sean was recently served as Chief Judge for the U.S. District Court for the Western district of Pennsylvania. We are excited to have Sean joining us on the executive team and the Erie family. He will be a valuable asset to all. And now I will turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William & Blair. Your line is now open.
Adam Klauber - William & Blair:  Thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
Terrence W. Cavanaugh : Good morning, Adam. 
Adam Klauber - William & Blair: A couple of different questions; clearly you are continuing to show nice growth across product lines. From a geographic standpoint, particularly in the auto and home owners, which states would you say are growing better than average and which states would you say are not growing as well?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh : I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are growing our market share in all our product lines, which would indicate that in all territories. And so we have been having success across our footprint. I would not suggest that we are having a particular difficult time in any of our states. I think again it's a testimony that the things weve done over the past several years in terms of, making sure we invest in our agency plank giving them the tools necessary to be successful, both as individuals and as a brand in those states. So I guess I am very pleased that across the board we are having success. We are I guess weve looked at our footprint and looked at places where we had maybe had less penetration and have worked hard to build the brand there. And those will be places like Western Tennessee, bit of Eastern and Northeastern New York State. We continue to invest in places like Wisconsin and Illinois where we have less market penetration. But we are a company that very focused in on that we are being successful.
Adam Klauber - William & Blair: Okay, thanks. Then as far as the, excuse me, competitive environment again starting with the personal lines business in the last 12 months or so, from what weve seen a lot of the competitors have been increasing or trying to get more rate and again it is obviously state by state or geography business in auto and particularly home owners, have you seen any change in that environment or are they still generally pushing through rate and trying to be more focused on profitability than market share growth at this point.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I would say that the market place in the personal lines space is fairly disciplined, again, based upon the realities of the investment market place. And I would suggest that the tools that the industry has been able to develop over call it the last decade in terms of being better able to predict perhaps loss costs in the future, there is, I guess, it is slow but consistent march to make sure that the industry stays on top of the rate for both home owners and automobiles. Clearly the home owners business has been more problematic, based upon whether [and concentration] is used, but I also see some interest in making sure that the automobile business stays the same. It doesn't, I would suggest it doesn't cost any less today to repair an automobile than it did a year ago.  So you got to make sure that you don't get [low] in complacency on the automobile line and I think the industry and we are paying attention to that.
Adam Klauber - William & Blair: Okay. Could you explain that North Carolina commission adjustment more, I didnt catch exactly what that was?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Sure, that some of it's been, we discussed that issue last year when it happened but I will let Marcia respond to that.
Marcia A. Dall : Right, last year in 2012 we had an adjustment in the second quarter for commissions that were reimbursed by North Carolina and that it had not come through till January. So we got a benefit of reduction in our commission expense last year quarter in second quarter. So what we are trying to show or explain in our prepared remarks here is that if you excuse that, because that was a one-time amount then you can see our commission expenses tracking more normally year-over-year to our growth in our direct written premium.
Adam Klauber - William & Blair: Well, that makes sense, okay.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: So it was a benefit in 2012 and now our 2013 commissions are normalized.
Adam Klauber - William & Blair: Right, okay, so that makes sense. And then within the auto industry we have seen a number of competitors begin adapting user based insurance, putting GPS trackers on the car, obviously progression was early but then weve seen other a number of other major competitors jump in. I guess, what's your thought on that GPS or UVI technology, do you think it will have an impact and are you thinking about doing that in your own business?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: We continue, we have not been public about it, but we have experimented in that. We have a data of automobiles over the last I guess this is probably going back actually two years. Weve got millions miles of data on that and we continue to take pick apart and see what we can learn from it from that standpoint. I think technology will continue to change this business, just not in the automobile business but I think at some point down the road it will change in the property businesses, houses become smarter and more sophisticated and mechanical breakdown becomes a bigger issue with consumers.  So I think the cars will at some point, in my personal opinion will be have those automatically part of that. I am intrigued by whether automobile manufacturers get into the [corporate] data for business and I think again what we see today will be completely different than it is 10 or 15 years from now. So I think it's an intriguing opportunity. I am not sure today it's a big threat. Again I think if we look at our competitors they still struggle with pricing and profitability on some of those endeavors, but we are not blind to that and we will continue to invest to get it.
Adam Klauber - William & Blair:   Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott for any further remarks.
Scott Beilharz: With no more questions, thanks again everyone for joining us. We appreciate your participation in questions. A recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you do have any additional questions please call me at 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Beilharz  IR Terry Cavanaugh  President and CEO Marcia Dall  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Chris Maimone  Macquarie Adam Klauber  William Blair 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Id like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz. Please go ahead.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, Pablo and welcome everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us. On todays call, management will discuss our first quarter 2013 results and other matters related to the companys first quarter operations. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rick Burt, Executive Vice President, Product; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; Bob Ingram, Executive Vice President, Information Technology and Chief Information Officer; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing; and Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon and are currently available on our website erieinsurance.com. We will hear brief remarks from Terry and Marcia and then open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the Companys current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated, as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated April 29, 2013 and in the related press release. Also in this call we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP based results can be found in the 10-Q. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after of 12.30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter Indemnity delivered net income per share of $0.69. This reflects both strong top line growth and positive year-over-year investment results. In fact the momentum we saw in 2012 has continued during the first quarter of 2013. Direct written premium of the Exchange grew 10% with increases in retention, new policies and average premium per policy. Many factors contributed to this healthy growth. A solid portfolio of products with a value proposition that creates industry leading retention, our ongoing localized marketing efforts, and our effective dedicated loyal independent agency force. One of the core elements of Eries growth strategy is to ensure our agents have a solid portfolio of products to sell. This goes hand in hand with our commitment to drive innovation, execution throughout the enterprise. Were seeing this with products such as ERIE Rate Lock and ErieSecure Home, our newest personal line products and our updated universal life product that we call ERIEflex4. Weve also just recently introduced a new term life product, ERIE LifeSense that conveniently provides up to $90,000 worth of coverage. With LifeSense, we can make an underwriting decision in about 15 minutes. The revenue we gain from our life businesses that impact Indemnity directly, but products like ERIEflex4 and LifeSense help us meet the full complement of needs our customers have for financial protection and help our agents serve and retain our customers. Other recent results indicate our brand awareness efforts are beginning to take hold. Weve expanded our Go Local Marketing strategy to several more markets. In addition, weve extended our shared buy program that leverages Eries buying power and expertise to help our agents more cost effectively and efficiently purchase co-branded marketing material and media. Through these two efforts alone, we now have locally based brand advertising programs available in more than 70% of our designated market areas. These efforts and many others enabled Erie in 2012 to grow market share in every state where we write business. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Marcia to review the financials for the quarter.
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Terry and good morning everyone. Net income was $0.69 per share in the current quarter, compared to $0.67 per share in the prior year quarter, reflecting growth in our management operations income and a slight decrease in our investment income. And our management operations income before taxes was $49 million, up $3 million over the prior year quarter. Revenues from our management operations grew to $27 million to $303 million. This represents a 10% increase over the prior year period and is consistent with the 10% increase in direct written premium of the property and casualty group. With the half of our independent agents, we delivered a policy growth of a little over 4% and nearly 5% increase in year-over-year average premium for policies. Our retention rate remains as strong as ever at 91%. And we are attracting new customers as well, delivering a 17% increase in new business premiums. Cost of management operations grew $24 million to $254 million. Commission expense grew $10 million or 10% consistent with our growth in direct written premiums. Non-commission expenses increased $9 million or 12% over the prior year quarter, driven primarily by higher levels of acquisition-related costs and personnel related expenses. Indemnitys net income for the quarter also reflects investment income of $7 million pre-tax, a $1 million decrease compared to the prior year quarter. This decrease reflects lower levels of realized gains on the investment portfolio in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher earnings from our alternative investment portfolio. Regarding our share repurchases, during the first quarter, the company repurchased approximately 190,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at the total cost of almost $14 million. As of April 19, 2013, we have approximately $54 million remaining in our repurchase program. Now Ill turn the call back over to Terrence.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. A few weeks ago we held our Annual Shareholder Meeting here at our home office in Erie and that same week we celebrated the 80th anniversary of Eries founding. At our shareholder meeting, all 13 members of our Board of Directors were re-elected to serve another year. Id like to express my sincere gratitude to our directors for their continued support, guidance and steadfast commitment to our success. Before we get to your questions, Id like to mention a couple of recognitions the company recently received. In March, we were named as one of the top insurance companies along Professional Womens Magazines Best of the Best list. This award reflected our diversity inclusion practices and policies, an area of great importance at Erie, where we work to attract, recruit, develop and retain top talent who share our dedication to service. In April, J.D. Power and Associates released their 2012 Property Claim Satisfaction Study. This particular study focuses on the interactions insurers have with customers throughout the property claims experience. Im very pleased with the Eries performance this year remaining in the highest satisfaction tier. Yesterday, J.D. Power and Associates released the results of its 2013 Auto Shopping Study. Three factors, policy, price and distribution contribute to customer satisfaction in this study. We are proud to report that Erie and our agents placed first. This is the fourth time in the past seven years that Erie has placed first, a testament to our continued focus on being above all in service. And now Ill turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now conduct our question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from Ray Iardella of Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie: Hi good morning, this is Chris Maimone calling in for Ray. Thanks for taking the call. I was hoping maybe you could just expand a little bit on one of the comments you made earlier about having higher levels of acquisition related costs and personnel related expenses. Is there any change, if you could just add a little more detail on what your expectations are maybe some kind of time horizon for these relatively elevated costs and what you anticipate the margin outlook over the foreseeable future as its related to those expenses? Thanks.
Terry Cavanaugh: Good morning, Chris. I will give you some flavor I guess on our current and our past activities. Im not going necessarily I guess respond to a forward-looking statement. Our business is a brand that we take great pride in terms of making sure that we do things, kind of  thats explain the results that weve shown both operationally as well as the reputation that we have. In our business, we will have expenses and investments in things like sales contest and incentives. Were looking to obviously build out a stronger technology platform. We are again very focused on the service component of our business. And that all leads to again I think a model that creates strong written premium growth. It creates a great retention. It creates great loyalty to our agents. And so I am comfortable that were investing in the business effectively and that will play out to an appropriate margin and performance in future quarters.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie: Sure, thats helpful, thank you. And kind of touching on what you just mentioned in terms of investment in the platform, do you guys feel that the investments youve made thus far are adequate or do you still see further opportunities for incremental investment to drive more long-term value in the platform?
Terry Cavanaugh: These folks who are on the table are never satisfied. But two things, I think the minute you think you have a model thats going to work either customer expectations change or better [ph] does something, so this is a business that you constantly got to keep one foot in today with the understanding that tomorrow is going to produce another opportunity or another issue you have to deal with. So I think we are more competitive and we are more confident today than we were three years ago and five years ago, but that doesnt mean we dont have to invest and be aware that others will be doing things that weve got to respond to in the future.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie: Thats helpful, thanks. And then one more follow-up if I could. Is there any sort of indication or expectations internally for what kind of returns on the limited partnerships you guys are expecting over the course of 13 just trying to get a sense for what we as analysts maybe able to look at as indications of the performance of those investments if thats possible or not?
Terry Cavanaugh: No, I dont think its possible  I think its a very lumpy business. I think were very comfortable with again the selections weve made and then the discussions were having with the GPs but in order to do any kind of a forecast that would create any kind of accuracy would be inappropriate.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie: Okay, great. Thanks very much for taking the questions.
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Adam Klauber of William Blair. Your line is open.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Terry Cavanaugh: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Couple of different questions. Youre growing nicely in the last couple of quarters, really over the last year in the auto line, traditionally pretty competitive business. One, if you can give us any sense, do you think some of that growth is coming more from the large nationals, regional or direct, Im not looking for exact, just a sense and also how much of that the PIF growth in auto is being sold on a package basis with home or some other products?
Terry Cavanaugh: Okay. The first question is where the new business is coming from, ideally all of the above.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay.
Terry Cavanaugh: I think again I am pleased that how weve been able to create a value proposition with our very good agents on the ground, it appears it is resonating with the consumer. And while we see everything in the press about the consumer shopping more on the internet, I think again many of them shop but they also want a decision face-to-face. And so weve been very fortunate to be able to upgrade agents that are now I think are enabled with some better technology from our platform with some good products and some good pricing and were winning in the marketplace out there against everyone. I guess if I were to make some commentary I think maybe some of the regional companies by virtue of the catastrophes that they have pulled back a little bit and we maybe winning more from some of the single state and smaller regional all the way well tell you, I think were also taking market share away from some of the big players too, so were very happy with what were doing. In terms of your second comment in terms of
Adam Klauber  William Blair: When youre getting new customers.
Terry Cavanaugh: We do not have a package policy.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Right.
Terry Cavanaugh: What we have  again one thing were doing and were very conscious of is managing our exposure for both auto and home and we are  I would suggest you in most cases on new business writing both the auto and the home.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay.
Terry Cavanaugh: As well as trying to sell umbrella, as well as talking about the life business as well as asking that customer whether they have small business they are. So again I think thats the power of our brand is to have an agent that is embedded in that town whether itd be Chicago or Scranton or Parkersburg, West Virginia and to be able to go through and have that kind of dialog with their neighbors and friends.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay. Also sticking with the auto, it seems like youve been getting some nice rate there as well the industry I guess as far as the first quarter what we can say, did you say it slowed down in that or is that  with the momentum keeping what weve seen in the last couple of quarters or even building?
Terry Cavanaugh: Im not sure I understand the question.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Sorry, so are you seeing any slowdown in auto rate in the last quarter?
Terry Cavanaugh: I dont think, no, again its a postures [ph] were in 11 states in the District of Columbia. We are constantly every month, we have a process by which were looking at territories for each products, and so you know its an ongoing process and based upon what states come up and what needs are evident well move rates for those products in those territories and then based upon what were doing in those states well have revenue and exposure and pure rate play itself out of the quarter that were talking about.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay.
Terry Cavanaugh: I would suggest there is nothing that would indicate that automobile rates are slowing down.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay. And then on the commercial side youre also experiencing very good growth, I mean your PIF is up to almost 5%, do you continue to have appetite to expand in the commercial area?
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes, I think we do. Again, we dont  again our market share is not  it has opportunity to grow, again I dont think we have any place where we cant grow our business. I think again what you are seeing there is a disciplined underwriting approach. Were managing the exposure I think effectively. Were making sure we get the right rate, were making sure that the credits that we give if any are appropriate. And I think our business is Ill call it a mainstream business, its an attractive business. It has a low severity, frequency has been controllable and so we are excited about being able to go down Main Street and write the florist [ph] and the funeral homes and the restaurants and the power contractors. And so we think there that continuous to be a great business and a business that will grow for us.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And with that I am showing no further questions in queue, Id like to turn it back to Scott Beilharz. Please go ahead.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you, and thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any further questions, please call me at area code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Again, thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining todays conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Scott Beilharz  Investor Relations Terrence W. Cavanaugh  President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia A. Dall  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Chris Maimone  Macquarie Capital Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC  
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Id like to introduce your host for todays call, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz:  Thank you, Janine and welcome everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us. On todays call, management will discuss our fourth quarter 2012 results and other matters related to the Companys fourth quarter operations. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rick Burt, Executive Vice President, Product; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; Bob Ingram, Executive Vice President, Information Technology; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing; and Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon and are currently available on our website erieinsurance.com. We will hear brief remarks from Terry and Marcia and then open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that todays discussion may contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the Companys current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated, as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 26, 2013 and in the related press release. Also in this call we may cover non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP based results can be found in the 10-K. This call is being recorded and recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after of 12.30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Erie Indemnity ended 2012 with strong gains in both net income and earnings per share driven primarily by strong top line growth and positive year-over-year investment results. Combined, these lead to an Indemnity net income per share diluted for the quarter of $0.56 compared to $0.49 last year. Direct written premium of the Exchange, which drives Indemnitys management fee revenue, remained strong, up 9.9% for the fourth quarter. Higher average premium per policy in all of our major lines of business contributed to the increase in revenue. In 2012, thanks to the efforts of our agents and employees, we increased polices by 3.9% and our policy retention rate increased to a strong 90.9% at year end. Our 2012 results reflect success in our key initiatives, service responsiveness, as well as the engagement of our agency force. These initiatives, which will continue in 2013, focused on three strategic priorities; ease of doing business, innovation, and service excellence. One of the initiatives that encompasses all of our strategic priorities, is the progress made in the last year in helping our agents quote and bind seamlessly using our new quoting system for auto. During the fourth quarter, the system was fully deployed in all states where we write business. Agent feedback has been positive, and we will continue to enhance the systems capability throughout this year. Another way were working better to serve our agents is with our marketing portal. This portal not only makes it easier for agents to find materials, but provides ease in mailing or e-mailing to targeted prospects, keeping in touch with existing customers and ultimately improving cross-selling opportunities. Agent use has been robust in the fourth quarter and we are working closely with them to ensure that portal becomes efficient and valuable as a tool. Our marketing efforts throughout 2012 have yielded strong results adding to Eries market share gains in all states where we write business. One of these is our Go Local campaign, which is building brand awareness for Erie in a number of markets throughout our footprint. In fact, as independent agency force reduces their marketing efforts, Erie agents are more engaged than ever in marketing our products. They are participating in high rates in Eries co-op marketing programming effectively cobranding with Erie. This will pay off in the future as we work with our agents to build brand awareness and sales. With that Ill now turn the call over to Marcia to review the financials for the quarter and the year.
Marcia A. Dall: Thank you, Terry and good morning everyone. Today, Ill share results for the fourth quarter and the full-year 2012. First, lets look at our fourth quarter results. After-tax net income for the quarter was $30 million compared to $26 million for the same period a year ago. On a per diluted share basis, net income was $0.56 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.49 per share in the prior year quarter. Our management operations income was flat year-over-year and our investment results were slightly higher. Management fee revenue was $275 million in the fourth quarter 2012, up 10% from the prior year and consistent with the 10% increase in direct written premiums of the exchange. While we continue to take rate increases where appropriate, our customer retention remains strong at 90.9% resulting in an 8% increase in renewal premium. Our agency force is generating higher levels of new business in both personal and commercial lines. New business premiums increased 27% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011 driven by a 21% increase in new policies and an increase of 8%, an average premium per policy. Cost of management operations was $249 million or 11% over the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily due to an increase in volume related commission expenses. The gross margin from our management operations in the fourth quarter of 2012 was 12%, compared to 13% a year earlier. It is important to note that our fourth quarter gross margin is typically lower due to the seasonality of our written premiums and management fees. Now, turning to the results of our investment operations, Indemnity recorded a profit before taxes of $10 million compared to a profit before taxes of $7 million in the prior year quarter. The increase in investment results over the prior year was driven primarily from gains on limited partnerships of $5 million compared to gains of $1 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Now Ill move on to our full-year 2012 results. Indemnitys net income totaled $160 million or $2.99 per share diluted compared to $169 million or $3.08 per share diluted in 2011. The decrease in net income was primarily from lower investment income driven by a reduction in limited partnership income and a slight decrease in management margins. Income before taxes in our management operations was $205 million for the year compared to $208 million in 2011. The 2012 result was driven primarily by an 8% increase in the direct written premiums of the Exchange, offset by a 10% increase in total cost of operations. We were able to see consistent progressions in our premium growth throughout 2012 as we added more new policies, maintained our strong retention and increased average premium per policy. Turning back to our management operations for the year, the gross margin was 17% in 2012 compared to 19% in 2011. And finally the results of our investment operations, Indemnity ended the year with profit before taxes of $36 million, down $9 million due to the performance of alternative real estate investments. Now lets look at our share repurchases for the fourth quarter and full-year. During the fourth quarter of 2012, we repurchased approximately 235,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at a total cost of $16 million. For the full year 2012, we repurchased approximately 1 million Class A shares at a total cost of $70 million. As of December 31, we have approximately $68 million remaining in our share repurchase program. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. In addition to the ongoing share repurchase program, our Board increased the regular quarterly cash dividend 7.2% on class A and class B shares in November. The Board also declared a special one-time cash dividend of $2 on class A shares and $300 on class B shares, which was also paid in 2012. Our Board of Directors also voted to maintain a 25% management fee rate going forward in 2013. In 2013, were building on the momentum we achieved in 2012. The Erie team remains engaged and focused on our three primary initiatives; ease of doing business, innovation and service excellence. In each of these areas, were aiming for tangible gains that will move the business forward and enhance the Erie brand experience for agents and customers. In turn, we create value for you, our shareholders. Eries long-standing commitment to do whats right for the people and the communities we serve is what drives us towards excellence to be above all in service. Our employees actively demonstrate this commitment in every aspect of their work. This is what makes Erie strong and drives our long-term success. And now, Ill turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from Ray Iardella of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie Capital:  Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking the call. This is actually Chris Maimone, Rays associate. I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about the gross margin for management operations. Maybe you could help us just get a feel on what factors specifically were behind the year-over-year compression in the quarter?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  For the quarter again  we again had good increase in revenue, which again is a commensurate number of that goes along with it, in terms of commission and other compensation we pay our agents, there continues to be a technology spend in there. There are other cost associated with the service component of our business that allows us to maintain the retention rate that we have and the customer loyalty that we have and so there are number of things that were in there, nothing of major would stick out in terms of a specific item.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie Capital:  Okay. Now thats helpful. I just wanted to try and get a better feel for the compensation rate as a percentage of total revenues for management. It looks like it was up just a little bit, year-over-year in the quarter, but relatively flat year-over-year as a whole. So, how is the non-commission component your referred to the IT spend, another sort of fixed cost, is the run rate that were seeing now sort of expected to be more or less steady or is there still more build out that you guys expect in 2013?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  Yeah, if you go back to the agents issue, its a bit lumpy. There is not a direct correlation, means there will be times where  the Founders' Award, which is our yearly compensation vehicle will have a tendency to move. Well have sales contest that will be embedded in that number that will have a tendency to move that number around. So, again Id ask you to look at those numbers. I guess yearly and from  over a two and three year cycle, from that standpoint. We are very committed to our agents and believe the partnership we have with them is one our great strengths and a strategic capability that we think is something that is second to none in the industry. In terms of the technology spend again, that can be also a bit lumpy. Again, we still believe we have opportunities to improve our business. Youve heard me talk about the ease of doing business. We made great strides this year and that in terms of I think our (inaudible), which is the personal lines platform that I referred to in my prepared remarks. We are still building out a commercial lines platform called C-line that has a longer journey to it and we will continue to spend money to make sure that becomes a state-of-the-art platform. And we have other needs in terms of, again, making sure that the customer experience is strong in terms of around billing, around our claims activities and so we are a business that will continue to invest in technology as appropriate to make sure that we have a great product and service platform for our customers and our agents.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie Capital:  Thank you. Thats helpful. And I guess, one follow-up if I could, can you just let us know what the sort of thought process is behind the buyback program in terms of what metrics you look for in terms of whether to keep it at a sort of a steady rate or to ramp up or to maybe slow it down?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  Weve got an authorization there that were still  have plenty of run rate to do from that standpoint. Were thoughtful in terms of how we manage the process. I dont think there is not a magic formula or a metric in terms of that, we look at it on a basis that talks about our ability to make sure that we can run an effective business. To make sure that whatever we do, anything we do and this in particular that its accretive to earnings and that is serving the shareholders effectively both short-term and long-term.
Chris Maimone  Macquarie Capital:  Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator:  The next question is from Chris Leikhim of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  Hi, good morning.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  Good morning, Chris.
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  I just have a quick follow-up on the conversation you guys just had. As you reinvest in these initiatives going forward, what are the key metrics that you guys are looking at to sort of measure or gauge the success of them?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  One clearly would be top line growth. The other thing were very proud of is again, not only top line growth but the holistic aspect of that. Again weve been able to grow all of our major lines in every state that we do business in over the last two to three years. And so again, its a great complement to our field force, to our strategic marketing team here in terms of being able to build products and then be able to execute on our strategy to be able to do that across our entire footprint. So, again certainly top line would be one of those factors. The other again would be customer satisfaction. Again, were very proud of the place we hold in terms of  in the market and how it is affirmed by people like J.D. Power and Insure.com and others in terms of the accolades we get for again whether itd be the customer experience on the front-end of the business or whether itd be claims handling, whether itd be the financial recognition, then best ratings. And so again we look to make sure that were a strong service provider and a great brand. Clearly then we also expect to make margin on this both from an underwriting standpoint at the exchange level and in terms of what margin we create at the Indemnity Company.
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  Helpful. And then just piggybacking on something that you said, you said all the lines were growing pretty nicely. As you think about 2013, are there any lines in particular that the Exchange is focused on growing next year, anything that youre finding particularly attractive given market conditions right now?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  I think were pretty bullish on everything. Again, the nice thing about our model is that we have a very preferred place with our agents and so we are expected to respond across the entire spectrum of our product offerings. And so again, obviously were a strong personal lines company with obviously auto and home being those two major products there and then we are a very decent commercial lines operation in terms of small to middle market and so again when you respond to the small and middle market, you really do sell auto, comp and package to one customer. So, I think whats neat about our relationship and our position in the marketplace is that we have an opportunity to grow all those lines.
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  Great. And then finally just wanted to touch on private auto quickly, it looks like the combined ratio picked up a little bit this year. Could you just talk quickly on what youre seeing in loss trends in the private auto business and how you feel about your current rate adequacy?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:   Yeah. I think were watching it closely, again clearly you look at the numbers, there were some cat activity in there by virtue of some of the storms that occurred in 2012. But we are looking at those numbers, ex-cat. We are mindful of what can happen in terms of inflation and in the terms of  call it legal inflation. We think we have a good handle on our costs. It is also not a universal issue there. They are across the platform, there are some jurisdictions that are more worrisome than others. But again, we are proactively looking at this and I think you can expect us to make sure that we are an underwriting company and we are focused on making strong underwriting results happen, across personal auto as well as the entire organization.
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  And are you seeing anything interesting from competitors on that front, over the last six months that might have differed from say this time last year?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:   In terms of personal auto?
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  Yeah. In terms of...
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:   I dont know how you define interesting.
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  I guess, I think in terms of rate action or pulling back from the market or especially may be on homeowner side, given what happened with Sandy.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:   Yeah. I think clearly homeowners has been the product that has been more discussed at the executive level with our competitors based upon the characteristics it has in terms of the weather connection it has, the volatility it has in some geographies. So, I think in some ways it makes people sort of get more focused on personal auto and saying, how we make this work for ourselves. And so, I think the personal auto marketplace will remain competitive across the country.
Chris Leikhim  William Blair & Co. LLC:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Scott Beilharz for any further remarks.
Scott Beilharz:  Thank you, Janine, and thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. Our 2013 annual meeting of shareholders is scheduled for Wednesday, April 17 at 9:30 AM Eastern Time at our home office in Erie, Pennsylvania. If you have any questions, please call me at area code 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays program. This does conclude the conference and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Beilharz - Investor Relations Terrence Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia Dall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rick Burt - Executive Vice President, Products George Dufala - Executive Vice President, Services Robert Ingram - Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer John Kearns - Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing James Tanous - Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Analysts:
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. I'd like to introduce your host for today, Scott Beilharz.
Scott Beilharz: Thank you and welcome everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us. On today's call, management will discuss our third quarter 2012 results and other matters related to the company's third quarter operations. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rick Burt, Executive Vice President, Products; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; Bob Ingram, Executive Vice President, Information Technology; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing; and Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplements were issued yesterday afternoon, and are currently available on our website erieinsurance.com. We will hear brief remarks from Terry and Marcia, and then open the call for Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC dated November 1, 2012, and in the related press release. Also in this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP based results can be found in the 10-Q. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast, and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. On today's call I'll provide some perspective on our results for the quarter, and then turn the call over to Marcia to discuss the financial results in more detail. Before we discuss third quarter results, I want to talk about the severe weather we have experienced this past week. While insurance related losses of the exchange do not affect Indemnity's results, it is important we address this topic. Erie's number one priority is our customers and in times of need, our customers depend on us more than ever. I am pleased that agents are mobilized in our community and are taking care of our customers. We will do everything we can to resolve claims quickly. I'd like to thank our employees and agents for their hard work and helping our customers during this difficult time. Regarding the third quarter, Indemnity had strong gains in both net income and earnings per share, driven primarily by strong topline growth and positive year-over-year investment results. Combined, these led to an Indemnity net income per share diluted for the quarter of $0.96 compared to $0.87 last year. Direct written premium of the exchange grew 8.6% in the quarter, driving Indemnity's management fee revenue. Our agents continue to be successful and selling Erie's value proposition to both new and existing customers. The commitment by our agents combined with our strong portfolio of product and services has helped drive new policy growth, while maintaining a 90.8% policy retention rate. Higher average premium per policy in all of our major lines of business has also contributed to the increase in revenue. Investments we are making in the business from new systems to support our agent's ability to quote and bind to new marketing programs are beginning to take hold and contribute to our strong topline growth. During the third quarter, our new web-enable coding system for auto was fully deployed in seven states, and pilots were launched in three more. Feedback has been positive, as we continue to work with our agents to make the system more effective. This month we also began to rollout a new marketing portal. The portal will further enhance Erie's agent's ability to interact with existing customers, improve cost selling opportunities and share information in a more efficient manner. A substantial number of agents are jointly marketing and advertising with us, and significantly more are using sources like social media, email, local events and targeted mail to effectively connect with prospects and customers. In September, we introduce a new Hispanic advertising campaign to support our bilingual agent's efforts, to build awareness among this important and growing consumer segment. The investments we're making will help Erie agents grow their businesses and successfully differentiate themselves and Erie in the marketplace. Our agents' confidence in Erie and their commitment to grow with us has led to advances in market share in every state in which we do business. Before I carry over to Marcia, I'd like to recognize some changes in our leadership team. After nearly 35 year career with Erie, Mike. Zavasky, Executive Vice President of Insurance Operations will be retiring at the end of 2012. Since Mike joined Erie in 1977, he always served the company with a commitment to excellence. On a personal note, Mike has provided me with a great appreciation with Erie's culture and the values that have made our organization what it is today. We wish Mike all the best in his retirement. With the retirement of Mike, Rick Burt has been promoted to Executive Vice President for our product lines, personnel, commercial and life. Rick came to Erie in 2011 as our Chief Actuary. Rick has over 27 years of experience in the property and casualty industry including serving as a partner of Deloitte Consulting and holding leadership positions with the global insurance broker. As I mentioned last quarter, Bob Ingram joined Erie as our new Chief Information Officer in August. Bob is a season executive and leader with a proven track record of IT success in the insurance industry. Bob joined us from the Hartford where he was most recently Senior Vice President and CIO for commercial lines. As a member of our executive team, he'll be a key player in helping build our technology capabilities. Both individuals bring strong leaderships and have the experience needed to execute on our strategic initiatives. With that, I'll now the turn the call over to Marcia to review the financials for the quarter.
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. Net income was $51 million, compared to $47 million in the third quarter of 2011. On a per share diluted basis, net income was $0.96 per share in the current quarter, compared to $0.87 per share in the prior year quarter. In our management operations, income before taxes was $66 million, compared to $62 million in the third quarter 2011. Management fee revenue was $305 million, up 8.8% year-over-year and consistent with the 8.6% increase in direct written premiums of the property and casualty group. This result was driven by policy growth of 3.4% and a 4.1% increase in year-over-year average premium per policy. We continue to maintain our strong customer retention, while taking rate increases where appropriate, to more precisely price of risk. Renewal premiums increased 7.5% over the prior year, driven by a 3.7% increase in average premium per policy and a strong retention ratio of 90.8%. As Terry discussed, our agents have generated significantly higher levels of new business premiums, in both personal and commercial lines, relative to the same period in 2011. New business premiums increased nearly 18%, compared to a year ago driven by a 10% in new policies and an increase of nearly 8% in average premium per policy. Cost of management operations was $247 million or 9.5% higher than the prior year quarter. Non-commission expenses increased $9 million or 12.2% over the prior year quarter, driven by higher levels of acquisition related cost, information technology and personnel cost. For third quarter 2012 gross margin for management operations was 20.9% compared to 21.7% in the third quarter of 2011. Now, turning to the results of our investment operation. Indemnity recorded profit before taxes of $12 million in this investment operation, compared to $5 million in the prior year quarter. The increase in investment results over the prior year was driven primarily by net realized gains on investments of $2 million in the current quarter, compared to losses of $6 million in the third quarter of 2011. Now let's look at our results for the first nine months of 2012. Indemnity's net income totaled $130 million, compared to $143 million for the same period last year. On a per share diluted basis, net income was $2.43 per share, compared to $2.59 per share for the prior year. The decrease in net income was primarily from lower investment income driven by a reduction in limited partnership income and a slight decrease in management margin. In our management operations, income before taxes was $171 million for the first nine months of 2012, compared to $174 million last year. The gross margin for management operations was 18.8% for the first nine months of 2012, compared to 20.7% for the prior year period. In our investment operations, Indemnity recorded a profit before taxes of $26 million for the first nine months of 2012, compared to profit before taxes of $38 million for the same period in 2011. Regarding our share repurchases, during the third quarter, the company repurchased approximately 161,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock, at a total cost of $11 million. For the year through October 17, 2012, our Class A shares repurchased under the program totaled approximately $796,000 at a total cost of $57 million. As of October 17, 2012, we have approximately $80 million remaining in our repurchase program.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Before we get to your questions, I'd like to mention two reorganizations that company received recently. In September, Erie received the Best Practices of Excellence Award from the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America. This is an annual award presented to companies that have made imaginative, outstanding and unique contributions to best practices that enhance the Independent Agency System. Erie earned the reorganization for its commitment to enhancing agent training programs. In October, J.D. Power and Associates released their 2012 Auto Claims Satisfaction Study. This particular study focuses on the interaction insurers have with customers throughout the claims experience. I am very pleased with the Erie's strong performance this year, placing in the highest satisfaction tier. Erie takes great pride in being above all in service and it showed as Erie's significantly improved its score over the past 12 months, tied for second out of 27 eligible auto insurers. We are very proud to receive these reorganizations and I'd like thank our employees and agents who work so hard on behalf of our customers. And now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Couple of different questions, as far as rate, it looks like in the third quarter, your personal lines be at average rate of 3% and commercial lines of 6%, as we think about next year. Could you give us any clues on the direction or the trend in both areas on rate basis?
Terrence Cavanaugh: We don't forecast for publication. What we think our rate capabilities will be in any quarter, let alone 2013. Clearly, we look at our own cost in terms of loss activity as well as other costs and then look at what the exposure is, and then try to underwrite to that and so again, we leave it up to the future quarters to determine how quickly and how well we do from that standpoint.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: From system's standpoint you've been rolling out some new systems and that's also been impacting your cost. Could you talk about what other systems and sort of the timing of those rollouts would be?
Terrence Cavanaugh: We continue to work on our two main agency facing systems, which would be our personal lines, DS-Pro system, as well as we call it C-Lion which is our commercial line systems. As well as, obviously, we have a lot of other things going on. We have a billing system that's very evident to our agents as well as our customers. All of those continue to be in a state of build out at various stages. I would suggest that billing system is in a stabilized mode. We finalize all of our customers on to that platform this quarter. As like all technology, we continue to find ways to improve the interface and the way it looks to customers. Our DS-pro system has been very effective and is being received very well by our producers. That is on a very strong track to being delivered in terms of, I call it is first complete phase in 2013. And then C-Lion remains a fairly early entry into your ability to create a more effective platform for our commercial lines business. And then lastly, we doesn't get a lot of players, we've got a very substantial and very effective life platform that is being very well received and is very, very streamline and been well received by both customers and agents.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: And then, as far as Hurricane Sandy, the Indemnity does not have direct exposure, but exchange clear has significant exposure. Could you give us some details on the reinsurance coverage that could help protect exchange from the losses on the Hurricane?
Terrence Cavanaugh: Again, we have that spelled out in the finance information. We have a substantial program that is in place to protect us from very substantial balance sheet event. Our cash flow points at $350 million, and then it goes on top of that to about $800 million, and we have co-insurance participation there. But we think we are in a strong position to respond to this. We've got a great balance sheet. We have a very liquid balance sheet. And our book of business is made up of a lot of small risks, and our focus right now is making sure that those customers and those agents who are taking care of effectively. We were mobilized well before the storm hit land. We have been in the market before the storm actually hit, and we are receiving great commentary in terms of our ability to respond to those customers' needs.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Samir Khare of Capital Returns Management.
Samir Khare - Capital Returns Management: I was hoping to find out, can you give us an idea of the claims that have come in so far from Hurricane Sandy, specifically the amount of claims that have come in within homeowners, auto and commercial. And if you could give us a split by phase, that would be great?
Terrence Cavanaugh: It's much too early to give you to specific numbers, but I think it is typical of what our book of business is in our market share. Obviously, large slug of it is coming into the homeowners' line. We have some, obviously, commercial, multi-peril in terms of our commercial book. On a smaller scale, our private passenger automobile book obviously have been affected as our commercial book. Geographically, it's important to remember that we don't do any business in New Jersey, Connecticut and have lesser exposure in our New York State, downstate. And again, this is taking the pattern of a pretty much the other storms that we've had throughout our history, a lot of smaller claims based upon the make-up of our book of business.
Samir Khare - Capital Returns Management: And then I think we're about 2.5 days out from after the storm and perhaps looking at historical claims activity that you guys have had during other storms. Can you give us some idea as to what percentage of ultimate claims do you think has come in so far?
Terrence Cavanaugh: No, it's still too early to do that and in the past we have not done that. So we're not going to start doing that now.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Scott Beilharz for any closing remarks.
Scott Beilharz: Giving there are no more questions, thanks again for joining us. A recording of this call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at 814-870-7312. Thank you.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Kraus Phillips  Vice President, IR Terry Cavanaugh  President and CEO Marcia Dall  Executive Vice President and CFO Chip Dufala  Executive Vice President, Services John Kearns  Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing Jim Tanous  Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Analysts: Adam Klauber  William Blair
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Marie, and welcome everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us today. On today's call, management will discuss our second quarter 2012 results and other matters related to the company's second quarter operation. Joining me today are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing; and Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Our earnings release and financial supplements were issued yesterday afternoon, and are currently available on our website erieinsurance.com. We will hear brief remarks from Terry and Marcia, and then open the call for Q&A. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC dated August 2, 2012, and in the related press release. Also in this call, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the GAAP based results can be found in the 10-Q. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast, and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. With that, I will now turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. Indemnity second quarter 2012 results were impacted by three primary factors, strong management fee revenue, higher operating expenses and lower investment income. Combined, these led to an Indemnity net income per share diluted for the quarter of $0.80 compared to $0.94 last year. While we are pleased with our top line growth, we recognized that we need to address our operating expenses and gain greater management margin in order to produce operating leverage and create shareholder value over the long term. Today, I will discuss our top line growth, our strategy related to investing in the operations for long-term success, and operating expense trends. Then, Marcia will discuss our financial results, including investment income in more detail. Indemnity continues to seek solid top line growth, driven by an 8% increase in the Property and Casualty Group's direct written premium, reflecting an increase in both policies in force and average premium per policy. This increase reflects an ongoing strong retention and double-digit new business growth in both personal and commercial lines. Our agents generated an increase of nearly 28% in new business premium in the quarter compared to a year ago, reflecting increases in new policies written and average premium per policy. While Indemnity is seeing positive top line growth, we are also experiencing pressure on our management margin as a result of higher operating expenses. As I discussed last quarter, we are making investments in the business to ensure our strong value proposition remains relevant going forward for all of our stakeholders. We continue to make investments in our strategic priorities, new products and pricing sophistication, ease of doing business and service excellence. On last quarter's call, I discussed two examples of the progress we made and the development of new products and pricing sophistication. First, on ERIE Rate Lock, our new personal auto product, and second, ERIE Secure Home, a new home insurance product we've introduced in several states. With the use of new pricing sophistication, both of these products allow us to get the right customers at the right price. Regarding ease of doing business, we are investing in two coding systems, personal lines and commercial lines that impact our agents and their producers. The personal lines were introduced in our new web-enabled coding system for auto and are near completion on the second phase that enables home quote. It is intended to improve the agent experience and efficiency in coding and issuing new policies. As we discussed last quarter, we are also making enhancements to our commercial lines platform to facilitate ease in quoting our products to targeted new accounts and then more effectively service our existing customers. In conjunction with our focus on ease of doing business, we are working with our agents to increase our marketing presence through local campaigns focused on driving brand awareness and new business quotes. These critical investments by our agents and indemnity are helping to fuel our growth today and build positive momentum for the future. Being above on service for our agents and customers is a key differentiator for Erie in the marketplace and maintaining our service reputation is an ongoing focus. I am proud to say that our work has been recognized. Erie's service excellence was again acknowledged by our customers this quarter. We received the highest customer satisfaction rating among US national auto insurers for the Mid-Atlantic region by J.D. Power and Associates. This is particularly significant when you consider the number of catastrophes our customer experienced last year and the high volume of claims our agents and adjusters resolved. From a service investment perspective, we are close to completing the implementation of our new billing platform. This new platform provides efficiencies in our billing operations automating manual processes and enhancing others. Given these investments and other factors that Marcia will discuss shortly, we're seeing operating expenses outpace our top line growth in the first half of 2012. We expect this to continue for the balance of the year. We understand the importance of generating greater margin over the long term. We are working diligently to hold down expenses outside of strategic investment areas in both the near and longer term. We are reevaluating our expense trends and will be finalizing our 2013 business investment priorities during the second half of this year. Before I turn the call over to Marcia, I would like to tell you about an organizational change related to our technology effort that will add significantly to our IT competency. This past Monday, I announced that Robert Ingram will be joining Erie Insurance as our new Chief Information Office reporting directly to me. Bob is a seasoned executive and leader with the proven track record of IT success in the insurance industry. Bob joins us from the Hartford where he was most recently a Senior Vice President and CIO for commercial lines. Prior to Hartford, Bob held the CIO position in Safeco and Technology Leadership positions at USAA. As a member of our Executive Team, he will be a key player in helping build effective technology capabilities more efficiently. With that, I will now turn the call over to Marcia to review the financials for the quarter.
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. Net income was $43 million, compared to $52 million in the second quarter of 2011. On a per share diluted basis, net income was $0.80 per share in the current quarter, compared to $0.94 per share in the prior year quarter. As Terry indicated, higher operating costs and lower investment income in the second quarter 2012 offset our strong top line growth and were the primary reasons for the year-over-year decrease. In our management operations, income before taxes was $59 million, compared to $64 million in the second quarter 2011. Management fee revenue was $308 million, up 8.3% year-over-year and consistent with the 8.2% increase in direct written premiums of the property and casualty group. This result was driven by policy growth of 3.1% and a 3.7% increase in year-over-year average premium per policy. We are working to maintain our strong customer retention, while taking rate increases where appropriate, to more precisely price [of risk]. Renewal premiums increased 6% over the prior year, driven by a 3% increase in average premium per policy and a strong 90.7% retention ratio. As Terry discussed, our agents have generated significantly higher levels of new business premiums, in both personal and commercial lines, relative to the same period in 2011, through both new policy growth and higher average policy premium levels. New business premiums increased nearly 28%, compared to a year ago to revise 70% increase in new policies and an increase of 7% in average premium per policy. Cost of management operations was $257 million or 12% higher than the prior year quarter. Our cost of management operations are made up as agent commission related expense and non-commission expenses. Agent commission related expenses represent approximately 65% of our cost structure, and are typically directly linked to our top line growth. Agent commission related expenses increased 4.7% or $8 million in the second quarter 2012, compared to the second quarter of 2011. This is a result of the 8.2% increase in direct written premiums, and a $6 million adjustment related to prior periods, that partially offset commission related expenses. Excluding this adjustment, our commission expenses would have increased 8.3% for the quarter. The adjustment represents the reimbursement by the North Carolina Reinsurance Facility, for commissions Indemnity previously paid to agents on the surcharges collected on behalf of the facility. These amounts were incorrectly retained by the exchange in prior periods. This adjustment has no impact on our agent's cash compensation. Non-commission expense increased $19 million over the prior year quarter, driven by higher levels of acquisition related, information technology and personnel costs. Acquisition related costs increased $5 million due to high levels of the applications in policies, and increased agent related advertising and support cost. Information technology costs increased $6 million, reflecting higher levels of software costs, professional fees and personnel related costs. All other personnel costs increased $8 million, as a result of higher healthcare retention cost, an increased in the estimate for annual incentive plan compensation related to growth and underwriting performance, and staffing levels primarily associated with policy acquisition and customer service functions. The second quarter 2012 gross margin for management operations was 18.6%, compared to 21.6% in the second quarter of 2011. Now turning to the results of our investment operations. Indemnity recorded profit before taxes of $6 million, compared to profit before taxes of $70 million in the prior year quarter. Net investment income was $4 million for the second quarter of 2012 and 2011. Net realized losses on investments were $1 million, compared to gains of $6 million in the prior year quarter. There were no impairments in the second quarters of 2012 and 2011. Our income from equity and limited partnership investments was $3 million in the second quarter 2012, compared to $7 million the previous year. The 2012 results reflect less favorable performance in private equity. Now let's look at our results for the first six months of 2012. Indemnity's net income totaled $79 million, compared to $96 million for the same period last year. On a per share diluted basis, net income was $1.47 per share, compared to $1.72 per share for the prior year. Net income for the first six months of 2011, included $1 million or $0.02 per share diluted, related to the operations sold to the Exchange. For our management operations, income before taxes was $105 million for the first half of 2012, compared to $112 million last year. The gross margin for management operations was 17.8% for six months of 2012, compared to 20.2% for the prior year period. In investment operations, Indemnity recorded a profit before taxes of $14 million for the first half of 2012, compared to profit before taxes of $33 million for the same period in 2011. Regarding our share repurchases, during the second quarter, the company repurchased our 360,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock, at a total cost of $25 million. For the year through July 19, 2012, shares repurchased under the program, totaled almost 650,000 at a total cost of $48 million. As of July 19, 2012, we had approximately $90 million remaining in our repurchase program.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. In addition of the J.D. Power and Associates award I mentioned earlier, we learned in mid-July that for the fifth year in a row, Erie was named in the Ward's 50 list of top performing property and casualty companies, out of the 3.000 companies nationwide. The Ward Group recognizes businesses for their operational excellence through financial strength and a superior performance over a five year period. This is the 22nd year for the Ward's 50 lists and the 15th year Erie has been named. These recognitions are important and gratifying, and it is the dedication and experience of our employees and agents that stand behind these honors. I know many of them listen-in on this call. They are engaged not just in creating, but celebrating Erie's success and I want to thank them for all they do to make it impossible. As I said earlier, throughout 2012, we continue to make investments in new products and pricing sophistication. Agents doing business for our agents and customers, as well as service enhancements. At the same time, we are actively managing expenses outside these areas and closely evaluating expense trends on our strategic investments for 2013. Our goal is to continue to grow the business and position for future success, producing long term value for our shareholders and meaningful products and services for agents and customers. Operator, you may now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have a question from Adam Klauber from William Blair. Your line is open.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Terry Cavanaugh:  Good morning, Adam.
Marcia Dall: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: A couple different questions. Number one, you've clearly been growing nicely both on a [tiff] basis -- [tiff] basis excuse me and also getting higher premiums. Particularly in the commercial area where in the last couple quarters, your average premium change is going from 3% to 5%, do you think it's going to stabilize around 5% or do you think there is potential for that to go high over the next six, 12 months?
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes. That's a difficult thing to look at. I think that's made up obviously of price as well as exposure. Our premium per policy is relatively small compared to may be other companies you might be looking at, and so the movement there is easier  might be easier for us to accomplish than some other companies. We read the same economic data you do, and I guess I am a little concerned about what we're seeing, but I think again we work very hard to make sure that we have the best customers and the agents are doing a good job of finding successful businesses that are finding success, whether it'd be on mainstream or on the manufacturing area.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay. On the auto business, again, looking at competitive data we are seeing increased loss cost, particularly severity move up but also frequency is beginning to pick up. So, are you seeing that at the exchange and also because of that do you think any more weight there also?
Terry Cavanaugh: We've got a pretty strong book of automobile business. We have been very focused on making sure that we've got the right price for the exposure. We believe that the industry is looking that also. We had a little uptake in our loss ratio on an accident year basis, but we are comfortable that we are pricing that to the exposure. And I think again based upon our mix and the marketplace that we are in, we are in good shape.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay. And then as far as the expense growth, it looks like your non-commission expenses grew from $73 million in the second quarter of 2011 to $92 million, roughly $20 million. Could you give us sort of a in buckets, not exact, what's the breakdown of that, where is that coming from, just give us some idea?
Terry Cavanaugh: Yes. I mean, again, we've got it related in a number of different buckets. I think we talked about there is a technology spend there, roughly $6 million. We have some other personal expenses that talk about. We have benefits health issue that we are dealing with that is increasing. We have a pension exposure. We have then just other acquisition costs that we have by virtue of the fact that we are growing the business. We have acquisition costs that are growing in terms of MBR costs and other underwriting survey tools that we utilize, and so it's a number of different areas. I don't know Marcia if you want to give any more color round that.
Marcia Dall: Yes. So seldom the way to think about it is the volume in agent related advertising support is roughly $5 million of that increase, the technology as Terry mentioned is about $6 minion, and that's both in personal, software and professional piece. And then the third bucket being around $8 million is the personal, excluding IT. What that is when series of healthcare issues and tension issues so interesting, we are seeing healthcare costs increase, which is very common across the various companies. Obviously our pension costs increased year-over-year and that's what we're seeing fall through here as well as the increase in our estimated incentive comp based and our strong growth performance. And the fact that our combined ratio for the P&C Group is materially improved over last year because last year we had a lot of cat and this year have less and then just higher staffing level.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much
Karen Kraus Phillips: It appears that we don't have any further questions, so I just want to thank you all for joining us and remind you that a recording of the call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. And if you do have any questions, please call me 814-870-4665. And thanks everyone and make it a great day.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Karen Kraus Phillips  VP, IR Terry Cavanaugh  President and CEO Marcia Dall  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Ryan Burk  Macquarie 
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference. Id like to introduce your host for todays conference call, Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Shaun, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us. On todays call, management will discuss our first quarter 2012 results and other matters related to the companys first quarter operations. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales And Marketing; and Brian Bolash, Assistant Corporate Secretary and Senior Council. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday afternoon and these have been posted on our website, erieinsurance.com. On todays call, management will share important information about current and future company initiatives. As a result, forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the companys current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC, dated May 3rd, 2012 and in the related press release. In this call, we will discuss non-GAAP measures, you can find the reconciliation to the GAAP based results in the 10-Q. This is call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of the Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 p.m. eastern time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording publication webcast broadcast and use of your name, voice, and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you dont agree with the terms, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Eries President and CEO, Terry Cavanaugh. Terry?
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Karen and good morning, everyone. Indemnitys first quarter 2012 results show strong top-line growth in our management fee revenue. We also saw higher operating expenses and lower investment results. Combined, these led to Indemnity net income per share of $0.67 compared to $0.78 per share last year. I will talk more about the drivers of our top-line growth in a minute and Marcia will cover our financial results. But first, I want to comment on our operating margin. We recognize that our management margin declined in the first quarter compared to last year due to investments in the business and projected increases in variable agent compensation, because of strong underwriting results. We need to invest in the business to ensure our strong value proposition remains relevant going forward for all of our stakeholders. So were investing in things we believe are important for the business, like service, technology, marketing, and our people. We believe these types of investments will take dividends for customers and agents, employees and shareholders over the long-term. Indemnity is independent upon the performance of the exchanges property and casualty group for its primary source of revenue. The fee it earns from managing the operations of the exchange, while claimed losses do not directly impact Indemnitys results, the healthy exchange thats growing and profitable is vital to Indemnity. In 2011, the Property and Casualty group ended the year with 108 combined ratio, driven by severe catastrophe losses. I am pleased to say that we ended the first quarter of 2012 with a combined ratio of 93%. Additionally, the exchange grew surplus again in the first quarter. From the perspective of top line growth, weve added new policies and were taking rate increases where merited. We also continue to retain customers at high levels ending the quarter with a year-over-year retention rate of nearly 91%. Consequently, the direct written premium of the Property and Casualty group grew nearly 7%, which drove the similar increase in Indemnitys management fee revenue. Toward the end of the fourth quarter last year, we began to see new policy sales increase, and that has continued through the first quarter in all lines of business. Our competitive position is good, and our initiatives to generate new business are working. In personal auto, our largest line of business, weve been able to gain positive momentum in new policy sales. New personal auto policies were up over the prior year quarter by more than 9%, with new personal auto premium growing more than 13%. In particular, were seeing good adoption of our new Erie rate lock product. Its a great example of building a product that customers appreciate and agents can sell. In home insurance, given the catastrophe losses of 2011, there is significant disruption in the marketplace. Insurers are raising rates and increasing deductibles and people are actively shopping. We, too, are taking rate increases where exposure and experience support it. Were also taking a disciplined approach to adding new home insurance customers. Our strategy is around out  in account with auto and home, applying consistent underwriting that allows us to price competitively over the long-term for the benefit of customers, agents, and shareholders. Were being thoughtful about exposure growth as well, seeking deeper market penetration in areas with less concentrated risk. Consistent with this approach, last year, we introduced a new home insurance product in several states called Erie Secure Home. On a rating platform that supports better risk selection and allows us to target pricing more precisely to the risk. Our commercial business had a strong quarter as well. Our value proposition here is helping agents win new accounts and retain existing customers. We believe the economy is slowly rebounding, and businesses are beginning to reinvest in their operations. This is having a positive effect on our results as evidenced by modest exposure growth and increasing audit premium. As I indicated earlier, were also actively reinvesting in the business and working on a number of initiatives to spur growth. For example, in all three of our product lines, personal, commercial, and life, were working on significant enhancements to the systems that support the coding and binding process. C-line for commercial business, DS pro web for personal lines, and our life Portal are be improved with continuous input from agents. The objective behind each of these systems is to better enable the transaction between Erie and the agent and between the agent and the customer. In addition, we piloted a new marketing approach in 2011 called Go Local to support our agents sales and branding efforts. The approach focuses resources on specific markets through a blitz of sponsorships, community events, and local advertising. The program spotlights the value of Erie and our agents in the local community, which is long been one of Eries strengths. Last year, we piloted this approach in three of our markets; Pittsburgh, Indianapolis, and Richmond and energized agent and increased awareness of the Erie brand in these areas. Were expanding the program in at least three new markets this year; Nashville, Milwaukee, and Columbus. These, among other efforts, are driving positive momentum for the company and our agencies. Now, I will ask Marcia to review the financials for the quarter.
Marcia Dall: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I will briefly review our first quarter 2012 results and then turn the call back to Terry. For the first quarter 2012, net income was $36 million, compared to $44 million a year ago. On a per diluted share basis net income was $0.67 per share in the current quarter, compared to $0.78 per share in the prior year quarter. First quarter net operating income was $34 million or $0.64 per share compared to $43 million or $0.77 per share in the prior year quarter. As Terry indicated, higher operating costs and lower limited partnership earnings in the first quarter 2012 were the primary reasons for the year-over-year decrease. Also of note, the 2011 net and operating income includes $2 million or $0.02 per share of earnings from Indemnitys interest in Erie Family Life, which was sold to the exchange on March 31st, 2011. In our management operations, income before taxes was $46 million, compared to $48 million in the first quarter of 2011. Management fee revenue was $269 million in the first quarter 2012, representing a 7% increase over the prior year period. This is consistent with the 6.9% increase in direct written premium of the Property and Casualty group. This result was driven by policy growth of nearly 3% and a 3.3% increase in average premium per policy. We are taking rate increases where needed, particularly in our property lines, and as a result of our employees and agents efforts, we continue to retain customers, invite new business in both personal and commercial lines at higher levels than the prior year quarter. New business premiums increased nearly 17%, compared to a year ago driven by an 8.8% increase in new policies written and a 5.9% increase in year-over-year average premium per policy on new business. Renewal premiums increased nearly 6% over the prior year quarter, as a result of the 3% increase in policies and average premium per policy. The Property and Casualty groups retention ratio was 90.7% at the end of first quarter 2012. Cost of management operations increased to $230 million, a nearly 9% over the prior-year quarter. Agent commissions increased $11 million are more than 8% in the first quarter 2012, compared to the same quarter last year due to growth and direct written premium and current estimates around Indemnitys profitability bonus for agents, given the exchanges, lower combined ratio in the first quarter. Non-commissioned expenses increased $8 million, a more than 9% over the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by increases in salaries and benefits, software and technology-related professional fees. As a result, the first quarter 2012, gross margin for management operations was 16.8%, compared to 18.6% in the first quarter of 2011. Now turning to the results of our investment operations. Indemnity recorded profit before taxes of $8 million, compared to the profit before taxes of $16 million in the prior-year quarter. Net investment income was $4 million for both the first quarters of 2012, and 2011. Net realized gains on investments were $3 million, compared to gains of $1 million in the prior-year quarter. There were no impairments in the first quarters of 2012 and 2011. Our income from equity and limited partnership investments was $1 million in the first quarter 2012, compared to $11 million last year. The 2012 result was due to lower earnings from the private equity in real estate sectors. Now turning to our share repurchases. The company repurchased approximately 200,000 shares of our outstanding class A common stock through the first quarter of 2012 and the total cost of $17 million. As of April 19, 2012, we had approximately $117 million in repurchase authority remaining under the program.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Marcia. A few weeks ago, we held our 87th Annual Shareholder meeting here at our home office in Erie, Pennsylvania. At that meeting, all 13 members of our Board of Directors were re-elected to serve another year. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our directors for their continued support and guidance. Ours is a hard-working and committed board. Also during the first quarter, Erie was included for the second year in a row on the J.D. Power and Associates list of 50 customer service champions. The list recognizes the top service companies across all industries. On the list, Erie stands alongside well-known service brands such as the Ritz-Carlton, Cadillac, and Southwest Airlines. Its a distinction were proud of and it affirms our above all service and brand. At Erie, we take a long-term view of our business. We believe were doing the right things to grow profitably and to ensure the Erie Insurance brand remains relevant and strong for the benefit of our customers, agents, employees, and shareholders who invest in the business today to yield greater future returns. Operator, you can new open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ryan Burk with Macquarie. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Burk  Macquarie: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I just had a quick question on how much longer the investments in the business, I guess, will affect the margins going forward. I just want to see kind of the run rate on that and how we should be looking kind of model that going forward?
Terry Cavanaugh: We dont make forward-looking projections, and we just continue to manage the business affectively in terms of making sure that the brand that we have today is well-served for the benefit of our agents and for our customers. And I think were, as you can see from the insurance operations, doing a very effective job there. And we continue to, obviously, make strategic decisions in terms of how we build a better model going forward across, as I indicated all platforms, whether its be service, marketing, or technology or people to make sure again that we continue to be able to grow the business in the quarters and years to come.
Ryan Burk  Macquarie: Okay. Great. And then with the  obviously the 7% DPW increase, can you guys break that up between, I guess, rate increase versus new policy increase? I wanted to see what kind of, I guess rate increases you guys are seeing right now?
Terry Cavanaugh: That  there is, obviously, numbers and dollars in both of that and varies by line of business. In terms of, I would suggest, the generalized statement in the personal lines arena, clearly a more robust rate increases in the home owner line of business, and less so in the personal lines, auto arena. Again, I will say, again, similar to the, also in the commercial lines again, the property rates are, again, seeing some pretty good increases. But again, its inconsistent. There is  I would day  there is not any dramatic movement across the board in the commercial lines arena. I dont know if anyone else has any other flavor on that.
Marcia Dall: Yeah and Ryan just to answer the very specific question for the quarter, we have policy growth of nearly 3%, and our average premium per policy was up 3.3%. And as Terry mentioned that obviously varies by the line of business, but those are the numbers for the overall company.
Ryan Burk  Macquarie: Okay. Okay. Great. Thanks for the answers, guys.
Terry Cavanaugh: Yeah. Were also getting some exposure I think in terms of when you see in there I think I mean you saw the new car sales increasing so again you have got the opportunity, you obviously get greater valuations on the personal auto policy. And were beginning to see a little bit, in terms of our commercial book where there is exposure of growth going on, where people are beginning to add back to also you know the Plummer who had four trucks went down to two and now is up to three.
Ryan Burk  Macquarie: Okay, got you. All right, thats all I have. Thanks for the answers, guys.
Marcia Dall: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) One moment, please. I am not showing any other questions at this time.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Well, thank you all so much for being on the call. As a reminder a recording will posted on our website at erieinsurance.com after 12:30 pm eastern time today. If you have any questions at all please give me a call at 814-870-4665. Thanks again and make it a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the conference you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Kraus Phillips  VP and Director, IR Terrence W. Cavanaugh  President and CEO Marcia A. Dall  EVP and CFO George Chip Dufala  EVP, Services John F. Kearns  EVP, Sales and Marketing James J. Tanous  EVP, Secretary and General Counsel Michael S. Zavasky  EVP, Insurance Operations
Analyst: Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference. Id like to introduce your host for todays conference call, Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Duane and good morning, we appreciate all of you joining us. On todays call management will discuss our fourth quarter 2011 results and other matters. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; and Mike Zavasky, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations. Our earnings release and financial supplements were issued yesterday afternoon and these have been posted on our website erieinsurance.com. As a reminder, Indemnitys fourth quarter 2011 results do not include the results of the property and casualty insurance operations or life operations that were sold to the Exchange. On todays call, management will share important information about current and future company initiatives, as a result forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the companys current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 27, 2012 and in the related press release. In this call we will discuss non-GAAP measures you can find the reconciliation to the GAAP based results in the 10-K. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consents to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity, if you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Eries President and CEO, Terry Cavanaugh. Terry?
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you Karen and good morning everyone. Our 2011 results reflect the benefit of consistent growth in fee revenue, solid investment performance, continued support of our agents and employees and execution of robust dividend and share repurchase plans. We finished 2011 with $0.49 of net income per share in the fourth quarter which gave us $3.08 of net income per share for the year. Direct written premium of the property casualty group which drives Indemnitys management fee revenue remained strong, up nearly 7% in the fourth quarter and up 5.9% for the year. This strong growth in direct written premium reflects growth in policies enforced and higher average premium per policy. Our continued strong retention rate of 90.7% was the primary driver of our increase in policies enforced. We added more than a half a million new policies in 2011, new policies were down compared to the strong growth we experienced in 2010. In the fourth quarter 2011, we began to see this trend reverse given its new policy year-over-year growth momentum going into 2012. Our average premium per policy continues to grow as we work toward achieving the appropriate premium for the risk we ensure. In 2011 this is reflected primarily in our property lines of business such as homeowners and commercial multi-peril. As a result of strong premium growth and a continued focus on expense management, Indemnitys management operations income grew to $208 million at year end 2011 compared to $202 million the prior year. Our management fee rate for both years was 25%, and in December meeting our Board of Directors voted to maintain a 25% fee rate going forward in 2012. Now, Marcia will review the financial results from the fourth quarter and full year. Marcia?
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Terry and good morning. Today Ill share results for the fourth quarter and full year 2011. First, lets look at our fourth quarter results. After tax net income for the fourth quarter 2011 was $26 million compared to $12 million for the same period a year ago. On a per diluted share basis, net income was $0.49 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.22 per share in the prior year quarter. Fourth quarter net operating income was $25 million and $0.47 per share compared to $17 million and $0.32 per share in the prior year quarter. Both net income and operating income results in the fourth quarter 2010 include $0.13 per share of income related to the operation sold to the Exchange and a $0.31 per share charge for deferred tax expense related to the sale of Indemnitys ownership interest in Erie Family Life. Now, Ill review the results of our management operations. Income before taxes for our management operations was $34 million compared to $29 million in the fourth quarter 2010. Management fee revenue was $251 million in the fourth quarter 2011 up 6.6% from the prior year and consistent with the growth in direct written premiums. Our premium growth is primarily a result of a 2.5% increase in policies and a 3.3% increase in average premium per policy. Operating costs were up $10 million or 5% over the prior year period to them primarily $0.8 million increase in non-commission expenses. This primarily represents increases in technology and agent related expenses. The gross margin from our management operations in the fourth quarter 2011 was 13% compared to 12% a year earlier. It is important to note our fourth quarter gross margin is typically lower due to the seasonality of our written premiums and management fees. Now, turning to the results of our investment operations. Indemnity recorded a profit before taxes of $7 million compared to a profit before taxes of $11 million in the prior year quarter. It is important to note that the fourth quarter 2010 investment results included $6 million of profit before taxes related to operations sold to the Exchange. Net investment income was $4 million for the fourth quarter 2011 down from $9 million in the prior year quarter. The fourth quarter 2010 includes $6 million of net investment income related to the operations sold to the Exchange. Net realized gains on investments were $2 million compared to losses of $8 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. The net realized gains generated in the fourth quarter 2011 were primarily due to increases in the valuation of our common stock portfolio. The net realized losses in the fourth quarter 2010 was primarily due to the sale of several limited partnership investments which was part of a tax planning strategy to recapture tax paid from previous period capital gains that were due to expire. Our income from equity and limited partnership investments was $1 million in the fourth quarter 2011 compared to income of $10 million in the prior year quarter. This difference was driven primarily from lower earnings from the private equity portion of our portfolio. Now, Ill move on to our full year 2011 results. Indemnitys net income totaled $169 million or $3.08 per share diluted compared to $162 million or $2.85 per share diluted in 2010. Net Operating income increased to $167 million or $3.04 per share from a $163 million or $2.88 per share in 2010. As weve mentioned before our net income for 2010 and 2011 financials were impacted by the operation sold to the Exchange. Specifically the 2011 financials included $0.02 per share related to the sale. The 2010 net income and net operating income include $0.47 per share and $0.42 per share respectively related to the sale. As a reminder the 2010 financials also include a charge of $0.31 per share for deferred tax expense related to the sale of Indemnitys minority ownership interest and Erie Family Life to the Exchange. Income before taxes in our management operations was $208 million compared to $202 million a year earlier. The 2011 result was driven primarily by a 5.9% increase in the direct written premiums on the property and casualty group. Weve seen a consistent progression in our premium growth throughout 2011 as we had more policies, maintain our strong retention of current customers and gain increases in average premium per policy. Turning back to our management operations for the year, the gross margin decreased to 18.9% in 2011 from 19.4% in 2010. And finally, the results of our investment operations, we ended the year with profit before taxes of $45 million compared to profit of $56 million in the prior year. The 2010 investment results included $29 million of profit before taxes related to operations sold to the Exchange. Now, lets look at our share repurchases for the fourth quarter and full year. During the fourth quarter 2011, we repurchased approximately 300,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a total cost of $23 million. For the full year 2011, we repurchased approximately 2.2 million shares at an average price $70.53 per total cost of approximately a $155 million. In October 2011, based on our strong financial position, our Board of Directors approved the continuation of the current stock repurchase program for total of $150 million with no time limitation. As of February 17, 2012, we had approximately $128 million in repurchase authority remaining under the program. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Terry.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. In addition to continuing our share repurchase program, our Board confident and the strength of our balance sheet increased the regular quarterly cash dividend 7.3% on each Class A and Class B share in December. Behind our positive financial results is the ongoing commitment of Erie employees and agents to execute effectively and deliver on our strategy. Weve three areas of focus in 2012, ease of doing business, service and innovation. The first area of focus for 2012 is ease of doing business for agents, customers and employees. Our agents are asking for and with their help were working on enhancements to our technology platform with primary focus on personal and commercial lines. Our light business made progress toward improving ease of doing business for agents in 2011, particularly with the introduction of e-applications with e-signature and TeL App. The majority of our agencies are now using these new tools to write light business. We expect continued efforts like this in 2012. Were also working to make it easier for our customers to use online service options such as bill payment and online policy access. Second, were committed to delivering on our promise to be above all in service. Service continues to be a primary reason why our customer retention is so strong. This past year brought with it one weather catastrophe after another. Even at these times, Erie employees and agents showed what it means to be above all in service. They worked to resolve claims quickly and helped our customers recover. In a year like this, I feel both grateful and proud to be part of the Erie Insurance team. People put their financial security in our hands and its our job to deliver when they need us. We do this well, but we cannot be complacent. We continually look for new and better ways to fulfill and frankly exceed our customers expectations. Its our responsibility to ensure our current workforce has the tools, training and resources to fulfill and sustain our promise of service. Our third area of focus in 2012 is innovation. From the simplistic to the more complex, innovation gives us ways to set Erie apart from the competition, in pricing and product design, in processes and people and in technology. Were working to instill a mindset of innovation within the organization, so that all Erie employees can contribute to building a better organization for today and for the future. We close 2011 with a strong finish and have a good momentum going into 2012. Now, lets get to your questions, operator you can open up the call.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: A number of your lines of business have obviously showing strong momentum, homeowners, commercial property workers comp and it seems like youre both growing stiff and also rate. Do you think you can maintain that momentum in those lines going into 2012?
Terrence Cavanaugh: Good morning, Adam. I think we can, I think again its a combination of again the marketplace and our need as well as again being able to work with our agents to do that. The important thing for any crawlers remember that weve a long term perspective in terms of the way we manage the business and I think a lot of the results you see that we produce this year are result of that study as you go pricing mentality, screened focus on our agents and doing whats right from the service standpoint for both our agents and our customers. So, were very excited about 2012.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. And can you talk about the competitive environment in auto is that in the last six months or so getting any more or less competitive?
Terrence Cavanaugh: I would say, its been fairly steady, I think again, those that are concentrating on personal lines and then spending a lot of time obviously on the property lines, homeowners its been a year of extreme weather events and so thats been taking a lot of time in terms of our competitors and ourselves. And so, I would say the automobile line of business is pretty consistent in terms of again underwriting appetite and pricing.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. The cost to management operations, expenses grew a fair amount this quarter, do you think thats more outside this quarter because of couple of issues you mentioned?
Terrence Cavanaugh: Again, we dont look at it on a  we look it in the long term basis in order to how we need to invest in our business to make sure again that we would have a strong value proposition and so it could be a bit lumpy from the standpoint. But again, were doing things that we think are appropriate both in terms of technology, in terms of marketing the business and so, I think, some of that will again pay dividends for customers and agents going forward.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. So again, as we look 2012, it seems like there is good momentum in the book of business, would you expect that to, not asking for specific number but would you expect that momentum to translate into marginal expansion?
Terrence Cavanaugh: I dont particularly like to talk about the future results. I think, again, we have to take one month at a time and one quarter at a time when we look forward to be able to execute on our business plan this year.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. Okay, thats all the questions I had, thank you. Thank you very much.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks Adam.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And Im showing no further questions in the queue. Id like to turn it over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Duane. As a reminder a recording of the call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at 814-870-4665. Our 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is scheduled for Tuesday, April 17, at 09:30 a.m. Eastern Time at our home office Erie Pennsylvania, we hope to see you all there. Thanks again and make it a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This conclude the program, you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Karen Kraus Phillips  Vice President and Director, Investor Relations Terrence W. Cavanaugh  President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia A. Dall  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities Ron Bobman  Capital Returns  
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference. Id like to introduce to your host for todays conference call Karen Kraus, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Sean and good morning we appreciate all of you joining us. On todays call, management will discuss our third quarter 2011 results and other matters. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; and Mike Zavasky, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations. Our earnings release and financial supplements are issued yesterday afternoon and its have been posted to our website erieinsurance.com. As a reminder, Indemnitys third quarter 2011 results do not include the results of the property and casualty insurance operations or life operations that result to the Exchange. However the direct written premium produced by the Exchanges property and casualty operations is a primary driver of Indemnitys financial results and therefore pertinence to our discussion. On todays call, management will share important information about current and future company initiatives, as a result forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the companys current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such difference, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC dated November 3, 2011 and in the related press release. In this call we will discuss non-GAAP measures you can find the reconciliation to the GAAP based results in the 10-Q. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consents to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and the use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity, if you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Eries President and CEO, Terry Cavanaugh. Terry?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Karen and good morning everyone. I am pleased with Indemnitys financial results in the third quarter. Net income per share was $0.87 compared to $0.94 per share last year. Included in the last years third quarter result was $0.13 per share from the insurance operations, which we sold to the Exchange in December. Operating income per share was $0.93 compared to $0.89 a year ago. Our management fee revenue Indemnitys primary source of revenue increased again this quarter up over 5% from a year ago, which is consistent with the increase in the Exchanges direct written premium. We continue to grow premium at the Exchange, which is encouraging in this economy. Our strong customer retention now with 90.8% and improved pricing are driving the results. New renewal premium increased this quarter compared to the prior year with personal lines up nearly 5% and commercial nearly 8%. In personal lines private passenger auto new business premiums increased slightly compared to a decrease a year earlier. The result in the current quarter was due to an increase in average premium per policy. New personal auto policies enforced declined year-over-year. We continue to attract new customers but at a lesser rate than the strong growth we saw in 2010. Private passenger auto renewal premium increased as well due large part to our continued strong customer retention in this business at 91.6%. We also saw premium increases in our homeowners line this quarter in both new and renewal business. Again strong retention and an increase in average premium per policy drove this result. Were generating revenue growth in our commercial business as well, driven by increases in rate, market share and a continued positive trend and workers comp audit premiums. Our capability to underwrite, sell and service commercial business has improved. And with the initial roll out of our new commercial system, we have the foundation to launch new and enhanced coverages. Severe weather has been a big theme in the industry in the first nine months of this year and while the insurance related losses of the Exchange had no effect on Indemnitys results, Id like to touch on the topic briefly. During the third quarter, Tennessee, Pennsylvania, Maryland, North Carolina, and Virginia saw multiple severe weather events from Hurricane Irene, and Tropical Storm Lee among others. For the third quarter 2011, the statutory combined ratio of the Exchange totaled 105.4% and include 16.5 points or $174 million of catastrophe related losses. As always Id like to acknowledge the hard work of our employees and agents to resolve customer claims quickly and fairly. This has been one of the most active catastrophe years of our companys history. Our customers depend on us to be there to support their recovery and thats just what were doing. Thanks again to all of you for your good work. Turning back to Indemnity, given our strong financial position the board of directors at our meeting last week approved a continuation of our current share repurchase program with $150 million authorization. Now Ill turn the call over to Marcia.
Marcia A. Dall: Thank you, Terry and good morning. Ill now provide a high level overview of our third quarter 2011 results. Net income for the third quarter 2011 was $47 million, compared to $54 million for the same period a year ago. On a per diluted share basis, net income was $0.87 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.94 per share in the prior year quarter. It is important to note that the third quarter 2010 net income included $7 million or $0.13 per share from the operations that were sold to the Exchange. Third quarter net operating income was $51 million or $0.93 per share compared to $51 million or $0.89 per share in the prior year quarter. In the third quarter 2010, net operating income included $7 million or approximately $0.12 per share related to operations sold to the Exchange. Two operating segments, management operations and investment operations make up Indemnitys third quarter financial results. Ill begin with the review of our management operations. Income before taxes from our management operations were $62 million compared to $58 million in the third quarter of 2010. Management fee revenue was $280 million in the third quarter 2011, representing a 5% increase over the prior year period. This is consistent with the 5.4% growth and direct written premiums of the Exchanges property and casualty insurance operations. This result was driven by policy growth of 2.6% and a 2.9% increase in average premium per policy. Cost of management operations increased $9 million or 4%, driven primarily by an increase in non-commission expenses of $7 million over the prior year quarter. This represents increases in personal cost, professional fees and software expenses. Agent commissions increased $2 million in the third quarter, 2011 compared to the same quarter of last year. The gross margin from our management operations in the third quarter 2011 was 21.7% compared to 21.1% in 2010. Now turning to the results of our investment operations. Indemnity recorded a profit before taxes of $5 million compared to $20 million in the prior year quarter. And its important to note that the third quarter 2010 investment results included $7 million of profit before taxes related to operations going to the Exchange. Net investment income was $4 million for the third quarter 2011, down from the $10 million in the prior quarter due to the operations sold to the Exchange. Net realized losses on investments were $6 million compared to gains of $5 million in the prior year quarter. The net realized losses reflect the volatility in the equity markets in the third quarter. There were no impairments in the third quarters of 2011 and 2010. Our income from equity and limited partnership investments was $7 million in the third quarter 2011 compared to $5 million last year, reflecting improvements in mezzanine debt and private equity investments. For the first nine months of 2011, Indemnitys net income totaled $143 million or $2.59 per share compared to $150 million or $2.62 per share for the first nine months of 2010. The net income for 2011 and 2010 includes a corresponding $0.02 and $0.33 per share related to operations sold to the Exchange. Now turning to our share repurchases, the company repurchased 2 million shares of our outstanding Class A common stock through October 20, 2011 at a total cost of $141 million. As Terry mentioned earlier, our board approved the continuation of our stock repurchase program for total of $150 million. This includes and is not in addition to any unspent amounts remaining under the prior authorization.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. Throughout the year on these calls, I've talked about Erie's strategy and our focus, our employees and agents continue to execute our strategy and are encouraged by our continued strong value proposition. Operator, you can open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Bill Broomall with Macquarie. Please go ahead with your question.
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Great, thanks. Just a question on the rates. I think you said that you're giving rates of 5% personalized and 8% commercial, I know weather doesn't directly affect you, but does the way the Exchange is writing the premium, do you need more rate, do you think it will be more rate as it relates to driving off the weather going forward? Just a commentary for the additional risk that we've seen really everywhere across the Midwest and Northwest and what not.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Yeah. I mean clearly, the weather business is a component of our larger picture in terms of rate adequacy and it has become obviously a significant issue this year, but it's a significant issue every year. It is particularly obviously something we focus in on the property side, the homeowners business and that I think you see in the industry and was respond in a way that lets feel comfortable that weve go the right rate for the exposure at the same time being competitive. 
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. And so going forward I mean do you think you need additional rate on top of what we got this quarter or I'm thinking of how direct premiums will flow going forward or and then how does that relate to maybe if you get growth versus like policy, the additional policies maybe or you think on growth coming from that angle as well?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: We are constantly looking at rate, actually I mean every month we are having rating discussions across our footprint on all products in all zip codes and so thats just something that goes on consistently, and I think youve seen us obviously be able to take advantage of the marketplace and move rate up. We then bounce that with the need to make sure that we have a competitive products so that our customers are seeing the value proposition and then our agency distribution system can sell the product. So its a matter of equilibrium and a long-term perspective, and I think we do that better than most companies.
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, great. And then if I could just move over to the investment operations, the equity and earnings of limited partnerships of $7 million, that was I mean a lot of other companies out there have been reporting negative results from private equity and investments like that. What positive growth kind of whats driving thats going to held up in the recent environment, and then also can you just tell us, do you report that on a lag at all, your private equity investments?
Marcia A. Dall:  Yes, we do report on a lag. Its based on a three-month lag based on the reporting from the limited partnerships and the GPs. What I think you will see in the carefulness that you need to look at their results versus ours, is our mix, you know we have a reasonable amount within the mezzanine area and that seem to hold up pretty well in the quarter versus real estate type of equity also was positive as well. So its definitely being driven more by the mix of the limited partnerships between the various companies and the types of investments that they maybe in, their underlying at the mezzanine investment.
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, great. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns. Please go ahead with your question.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Hi, follow-up question on that private equity or LP question. Looking in the Exchange's stat funds is a pretty healthy list of private equity investments. Should I, is Indemnitys participation in sort of a private equity and LP investing world a  through the pro rata interest and sort of may be a smaller but mirror image of all the funds that Exchange is in or is it just in sort of ad hoc subset and not proportional.
Marcia A. Dall: There is an overlap between the investments and its definitely materially smaller from a Indemnity perspective although there are some differences between the two portfolios.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Is it largely a sort of mirror image albeit smaller in size?
Marcia A. Dall: There are some, yeah. I would say that its, I wouldnt call it a mirror image, there is our number of investments where there is an investment both in the Exchange, from Exchanges perspective as well as from Indemnity, but its not a 100%.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Okay. And are you allocating sort of, whats your plan going forward, you sort of, you continue to have a plan to have sort of a like allocation to these private, LP private equity investments or do you see them sort of shrinking in relative size as a mix of your total investment portfolio, what are your plans on that?
Marcia A. Dall: We have made a decision a couple of years ago to no longer invest in new limited partnerships from an Indemnity perspective.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Okay
Marcia A. Dall: We do continue to look at opportunities in the limited partnership area related to the Exchange.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Thanks a lot. That makes it clear. Best of luck and thank you.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you.
Marcia A. Dall: Thank you, Ron.
Operator: Im not showing any other questions in the queue at this time.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Well, thank you all very much for being on the call, as a reminder a recording will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at 814-870-4665 and make it a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Karen Kraus Phillips  Vice President and Director, Investor Relations Terrence W. Cavanaugh  President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia A. Dall  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities  
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference. Id like to introduce to your host for todays conference call Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Alley and good morning everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us. On todays call, management will discuss our second quarter 2011 results and other matters. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Chip Dufala, Executive Vice President, Services; John Kearns, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; and Mike Zavasky, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations. Our earnings release and financial supplements are issued yesterday afternoon and its been posted to our website erieinsurance.com. As a reminder, Indemnitys second quarter 2011 results do not include the results of the property and casualty insurance operations or life operations that result to the Exchange. However the direct written premium produced by the Exchanges property and casualty operations is a primary driver of Indemnitys financial results and therefore (inaudible) to our discussion. On todays call, management will share important information about current and future company initiatives, as a result forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the companys current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. For information on important factors that may cause such difference, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC dated August 2, 2011 and in the related press release. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other parties without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 p.m. eastern time. Your participation on this call will constitute consents to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity, if you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Eries President and CEO Terry Cavanaugh. Terry?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Today Ill provide some context around our second quarter performance and then turn the call over to Marcia for a high level financial review. As we talked before on prior calls, Erie is focused on five key business strength that we believe creates strong performance in our property and casualty, and life and annuity business, understanding our target customers, supporting the success of our independent agencies, developing our internal talent, improving process and technology, and ensuring the strength of our balance sheet.
 : Total revenue from management operations for the second quarter 2011 was up almost 5% driven by a 5.3% increase in direct written premium of the Exchanges property and casualty group. Modest rate increases and our strong retention rate now 90.8% contributed to this result. Although policy enforced increases were modest in the second quarter, written premium for both our personal and commercial lines was up again. Higher retention and increases in average premium per policy drove this result. As a reminder, Indemnity sold its P&C subsidiaries to the Exchange at the end of 2010. However, I would like to comment on the P&C Groups combined ratio result for the second quarter, even though the underwriting results of the P&C Group have no effect on Indemnitys financial results. Beginning late in the first quarter and continuing through the second quarter, the Exchanges operating territories experienced six severe weather events. For the second quarter of 2011, the Exchanges combined ratio totaled 140 and included 52 points or $537 million of catastrophe losses. During the first half of 2011, we saw a significant number of catastrophe claims. And in times like these, Eries above on service reputation is put to the test. And in true Erie fashion, our agents and employees continue to deliver. Im proud and grateful for the committed and compassionate way our Erie team has responded. Despite the more significant levels of catastrophe losses, the Exchange surplus grew by $80 million in the first half to more than $5.1 billion. A few items to note before I turn the call over to Marcia. As you recall, Indemnity sold its minority share Erie Family Life to the Exchange at the end of the first quarter 2011. While no longer directly contributing to Indemnitys results, our life business remains an important component of our product offerings. Erie Family Life performed well in the second quarter and the first half of 2011. We refreshed our term product and pricing strategies to more effectively compete in the life market and to continue to meet the needs of our customers. In the area of technology improvements during the second quarter, we successfully began to roll out a new billing system, it sets the stage for future processing efficiencies and enhancements like on bill presentment. Regarding our efforts with new products and pricing sophistication, last month we launched [Erie Rate Lock], our enhanced auto insurance endorsement in two additional territories, Pennsylvania and DC. The rate lock (inaudible) allows customers to keep the same auto insurance rates unless they make certain changes to their policy. As such, rate lock has a high appeal to consumers who seek the stability in their insurance costs. It is providing our agents with the competitive market position and as an integral part of our personal lines growth strategy. On the talent front, Im pleased that Richard Burt has joined us as our new Chief Actuary. Rick brings significant experience to Erie. Most recently, he worked for Deloitte Consulting in Los Angeles as partner and western practice leader for actuarial risk and analytics. Im confident that Rick, the addition of Ricks talent, experience and leadership to our already strong team will accelerate new innovative solutions for Erie further enhancing our competitive position. Now, I will turn the call over to Marcia.
Marcia A. Dall: Thank you, Terry and good morning. Ill now provide a high level overview of our second quarter 2011 results. Net income for the second quarter of 2011 was $52 million compared to $49 million from the same period a year ago. On a per diluted share basis, net income was $0.94 per share in the current quarter compared to $0.86 per share in the prior year quarter. It is important to note that the second quarter 2010 net income included $6 million or $0.10 per share from the operations that were sold to the Exchange. Second quarter net operating income was $48 million or $0.87 per share compared to $61 million or $0.89 per share in the prior year quarter. In the second quarter 2010, net operating income included $5million, or approximately $0.09 per share related to operations sold to the Exchange. Two operating segments, management operations and investment operations make up Indemnity second quarter financial results. Ill begin with the review of our management operations. Income before taxes from our management operations were $64 million compared to $62 million in the second quarter of 2010. Management fee revenue was $294 million in the second quarter 2011, representing 5% increase over the prior year period. This is consistent with the percent growth and direct written premiums of the Exchanges property and casualty insurance operations. This result was driven by policy growth of 3% and a slight increase in the average premium per policy. Cost of management operations increased $13 million or 5.4%, primarily due to increases in agents commissions. The gross margin from our management operations in the second quarter 2011 was 21.6% compared to 22% in 2010. Now turning to the results of our investment operations; Indemnity recorded a profit before taxes of $17 million, compared to $11 million in the prior year quarter. It is important to note that the second quarter 2010 investment results included $7 million of profits before taxes related to operations sold to the Exchange. Net investment income was $4 million for the first quarter of 2011, down from $9 million in the prior year quarter due to the operations sold to the Exchange. Net realized gains on investments were $6 million, compared to losses of $3 million in the second quarter 2010. There were no impairments in the second quarter 2011 compared to impairment losses of $1 million in the prior year period.
 : Now lets look at our results for the first six months of 2011. Indemnitys net income totaled $96 million or $1.72 per share, compared to $96 million or $1.68 per share for the same period last year. Net income for the first six months of 2011 and 2010 included income related to operations sold to the Exchange. In 2011, that amount was $1 million or $0.02 per share, and in 2010, it was $12 million or $0.21 per share. Net operating income was $91 million or $1.64 per share compared to $95 million or $1.66 per share in the first six months of last year. Net operating income for the first half of 2011 and 2010 included income from the operations sold to the Exchange. In 2011, the amount was $1 million or $0.02 per share, and in 2010 it was $10 million or $0.18 per share. Looking at our share repurchases for the year through July 22, 2011, the company repurchased $1.4 million shares at a total cost of $95 million. Given the $4 million we repurchased late in 2010, and our year-to-date repurchases of $95 million, we have approximately $51 million of repurchase authority remaining under the current program.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Marcia. Erie's financial results thus far in 2011 are consistent with our long-term pattern of success. That consistent and effective performance has recently been recognized by two external agencies. First, A.M. Best in June affirmed the A+ Superior rating of the Erie Insurance Group. In its rating announcement, A. M. Best decided Eries superior capital position, well established agency relationships, outstanding business persistency reflected by our high retention rates, and controlled operating expenses among other attributes as reasons for our A+ Superior rating. But again last month, we learned that Erie was listed among Ward's 50 top performing insurance companies. It is the fourth consecutive year weve achieved this honor. The top 50 list is based on Wards annual financial analysis of over 3,000 property casualty insurers in the US. The company's name to the list have passed specific safety and consistency measures and achieved superior performance over the previous five years. This is the 21st year of Wards top 50 list, and the 14th time that Erie has been among that name. Our inclusion on the Wards list speaks directly to the consistency of our performance and our results. It recognizes our financial stability and focus on service upon which all of our stake holders rely. It takes each of us thinking critically day in and day out to create and sustain that level of performance. I am proud to say that our employees and leaders are motivated to do just that. Operator, you can now open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Bill Broomall of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Great, thank you. My first question is up on in the management operations business, direct written premiums was up 5.3% I think in the quarter. What do you think that goes going forward? I mean, in what lines you think can drive that going forward in this level kind of [consisted] sustainable?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Were not prepared to make any good forward-looking statement like that obviously, we're trying to manage the business in an effective way that where we can take advantage of the marketplace opportunities, take advantage of our great agency relationships. Doing that in the economic climate were in, its difficult. But I think its very good news that we continue to one, grow customers; two, have retention rate that continues to grow and are spectacular; and three, our average premium per policy continues to grow. So I think that bodes well for us.
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Got it, okay. And then, next, Ill move on over to the, I think you said about the technology rollout that you had. Is that going to be a ongoing expense, how should we think about that as well as maybe I think you said about changes in agent commission fees, how are those going to look going forward?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I made no commentary on agency commission fees at all.
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. Im sorry, all right. But whats on the technology side.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: I think we continue to make technology that I call investments, you know while a lot (inaudible) its also an investment to make sure that our platform continues to meet the needs of agents, our customers and our employees. So it is a, Ill say, an ongoing focus of ours, it can be a bit lumpy in terms of how it plays out in the income statement, but we are focused in making sure that we do whats necessary, and continue to grow our technology capability.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: All right. And then, just on the, moving over to the personal cost of $2 million in the management operations, where was that in the business like whats over that are were adding people?
Marcia A. Dall: Its just a normal increase that youve would see this is, Marcia. Its a normal increase that you would just see in salaries and benefits year-over-year based on some additions of people, but also just the increasing benefit costs and (inaudible) increases.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh:  We are investing in our business weve doubled our efforts in terms of building a sales force, so weve got two classes of new people coming in, in terms of being able to be groomed to be more effective sales organization in the field. Weve selectively added to some, I think, some of the infrastructure here in terms of enterprise risk management, some of the things in actuarial field again the investment in our business to be prepared for the future.
Bill Broomall  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And I am showing no further questions at this time.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Great, thank you, Alley. Well as a reminder, a recording of the call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 pm Eastern Time today. If you have any questions, please call me at 814-870-4665. Thanks again and make it a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity company third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At the request of the Erie Indemnity, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following prepared remarks from management, we will open the call for questions and answers. Now, Id like to introduce to your host for todays conference Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Karen and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us on call today. On todays call management will discuss our third quarter 2009 results. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; Mike Zavasky, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations and George Lucore, Executive Vice President, Field Operations. Todays prepared remarks will be approximately 20 minutes, following those remarks well open the call for question. We issued our earnings and additional supplements yesterday afternoon. If you need a copy of the press release or any of the exhibit, you can find these in Investor Relations section of our website at erieinsurance.com. We also filed Form 10-Q with the SEC. On todays call the management of Erie Indemnity Company will share important information about the current and future initiatives, being undertaken at the company. As a result, certain forward looking statements may be incorporated in to their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the companys current views about future events, and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. Many of the factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC dated October 29, 2009, and in the related press release 8-K. In this call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the press release and in the supplement posted on our investor website at erieinsurance.com. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today at 12:30 p.m. eastern time. Your participation on this call will constitute consents to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity, if you do not agree with these terms please disconnect at this time. And now Eries President and CEO Terry Cavanaugh. Terry?
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you Karen. Good morning and thank you for joining us on todays call. Ill begin with a high level review of the quarter, and talk briefly about some current initiatives. Then Marcia will provide more detail on the quarters financials. Some key points, I would like to highlight as we move through this discussion. First, the year-over-year comparison and our net and operating income reflects the improvement in the investment markets. I am sure we all are painfully recall, what happened during the third quarter of 2008. I am pleased to say more than a year later, things are getting better. Second, even as the economy shows the first signs of movement towards recovery, high unemployment and a weak consumer spending continue to have a dampening impact on exposures in both personal lines and commercial. This is reflected in the decline in our average premium per policy. And finally, as people continue to look for value and savings they are actively shopping insurance. Erie is seeing benefit from this behavior, as a result of our value proposition which reflected on our polices enforced growth. Now on to our results. Erie has finished the third quarter of 2009 with net income per share of $0.69 compared to $0.07 per share at the close of the third quarter in 2008. Net operating income per share for the third quarter 2009, was $0.66, compared to $0.54 a year ago. Our earnings this quarter were primarily affected by positive earnings from investment operations, the first positive results in four quarters. This again, reflects the strengthening investment markets, as well as improved earnings from our ownership interest and Erie family life. Second, a profitable underlying performance with a GAAP combined ratio of 98.1%. And finally, reduced operating margins and our management operations segment. This is the second quarter in a row Erie has seen positive premium growth at a time where the Property and Casualty industry overall, continues to see premiums contract. I am encouraged by consumers response to Eries value proposition and our agents ability to sell Erie and retain customers during these tough economic times. We continue to take modest rate increases that changes in the mix of business and exposure reductions that cause the average premium per policy to decline. This has been offset by growth and policies in force. Up 3.4% year-over-year. A [counter] to this growth is customer retention. At the end of the third quarter, our retention rate was a very strong 90.7%. Regarding our cost of management operations for the quarter, the decline on a gross margin can be attributed in the large part to investments we are continuing to make and technology. These investments are targeted marketing, processing and service enhancements, and are key to Eries continued success. For example you know that Erie is committed solely to the independent agency system. To support our agents efforts to compete with direct distribution systems, we are providing Erie hosted websites to our agencies. This initiative, which we call Erie agents online, provides agencies with a customizable agency website that includes Erie functionality, such as personal auto float and online bill payment. Customers will also be able to access their policies on these agent sites, as well as on erieinsurance.com. This is one way we are increasing access for our customers. It is also core to our co-branding efforts to increase awareness of Erie and our agencies. Well continue to provide self service functionality on these sites as well, increasing the efficiencies and enhancing our customer service experience with Erie and our agencies. Another technology enhancement rolled up this quarter, is Commercial Auto Connection. This upgraded system is designed to make it easier for agents to quote and write commercial auto fleet and non-fleet business with Erie. And we are getting very positive feedback from our agents. As we discussed before, we are not taking a big bang approach to technology enhancements. But on incremental approach design for effectiveness and cost efficiencies. Its actions like these, combined with Eries high service reputation that help to distinguish us in the market place, and within our agents offices. Before I turn the call over to Marcia, Id like to acknowledge the recent passing of one of our directors. Patricia Garrison-Corbin. Pat joined Eries board in 2000 and was a member of a number of committees on the board. Her contributions to the community and to Erie Insurance were many. She will be missed. Our condolences go out to her family. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Marcia to discuss this quarters financials. And then we will address your questions. Marcia?
Marcia Dall: Thanks, Terry and good morning everyone. Today, I will share a summary of overall results. And additional detail on our management operation, underwriting and investment performance for the third quarter of 2009. Net income was $39.7 million. On a per diluted share basis, net income was $0.69 per share, compared to $0.7 per share in the third quarter of 2008. Net operating income per share was $0.66 per share, compared to $0.54 per share in the same quarter last year. All of our operating segments contributed positively to our net income results for the quarter. So lets take a look now at each of our operating segments, beginning with management operations. Income before taxes from our management operations was $47.2 million, compared to $49.4 million in the third quarter of 2008. This result for the current quarter was impacted by two primary factors. First, a 2% increase in management fee revenue. And second an increase in operating expenses of 3.6%. The growth in management fee revenue is consistent with a 2% increase and the Profit and Casualty Groups direct written premium. As Terry said, this increase was driven by year-over-year policy enforced growth of 3.4%. This growth in policy volumes offset the decline in average premium per policy of 2.2% from the prior year. Premiums from new business increased 4.8%. And on renewal business premiums were up 1.6%. Majority of the premium increase came from our personal lines. With new business premiums, increasing by 6.5%, and renewal premiums increasing 3.7%. Commercial lines with new business premiums were up 1.1%, while renewal premiums were down 4.5%, reflecting declines and exposures. Given the economic pressures on small and mid-sized businesses is no surprise that we continue to see reductions in commercial average premium for policy especially in workers compensation product as a result of lower exposure level. Turing now to the cost of management operations which as I indicated increased 3.6% from the prior year. Commissions related to our independent agents, which make up the majority of our management cost increased 2.3% quarter-over-quarter, consistent with our growth in direct written training. The cost of management operations excluding commission cost was up 6.8%. This increase was driven primarily by contracted labor related to our technology initiative and pension related expenses. So, in summary, the margins from our management operations declined 18.1%, compared to 19.3% for the same period a year ago. Now turning to our insurance underwriting operations, we generated a small underwriting profit before taxes of less than $1 million. With that combined ratio for the company was 98.1% in the third quarter of this year, compared to 99.4% last year. The decrease in the GAAP combined ratio, reflected a loss ratio of 63.7%, compared to 71.4% last year. The loss ratio is driven by the following three components: First, the loss ratio related to the current accident year, excluding capacity with 65.6%. 1.8 points higher than third quarter 2008. Second, favorable developments of prior accident year loss reserves improved the loss ratio by 4.3 points, compared to favorable development of only 0.4 points for the third quarter of 2008. The favorable development in the current quarter, primarily related to the settlement of two large commercial claims that resulted in reserve releases. And third, catastrophe losses contributed 2.4 points to the loss ratio, compared to 8.1 points in the same period last year. We were fortunate to not experience the magnitude of catastrophic losses in this quarter but we experienced last year as a result of hurricane Ike. With that combined ratio for the current quarter was also affected by write-off of assumed and voluntary reinsurance recoverable related to the North Carolina beach and coastal plans due to recent state legislation. Our share in this write-off is $2.8 million and added 5.2 points to the third quarter 2009 GAAP combined ratio. Now I will review the results of our investment operations. The company's investment operations recorded a profit before taxes of $8.3 million during the third quarter of 2009 compared to losses of $40.2 million for the same period last year as a result of significantly lower levels of impairments. Net investment income decreased 7.4% compared to a year earlier. This was driven primarily by lower investment income, the result of sales to nonredeemable preferred stock investments. We recorded net realized gains on investments of $5.5 million in the quarter compared to losses of $3.9 million in the third quarter of 2008. We saw a significant reduction in net impairment losses this quarter compared to a year ago. Net impairment losses totaled $3.2 million compared to losses of $37.4 million in the third quarter of 2008. Equity and losses related to our limited partnership investments was $8.8 million compared to earnings of $1.1 million in the third quarter of 2008. The losses in the current quarter were primarily related to real estate limited partnership investments. Related to our investment in Erie Family Life Insurance Company, we realized a profit of $5.4 million compared to a loss of $10.1 million in the third quarter of 2008, reflecting lower levels of impairment related losses. In summary, we continue to attract and retain customers which is indicative of our competitive products and pricing and Eries high service reputation. The balance sheets of all three companies Erie Indemnity, Erie Insurance Exchange and Erie Family Life are strong and provide solid support for continued momentum. Now let's get to your questions. Karen if you could please open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus
Michael Phillips: Can you talk about personal auto agency bonuses and anything you might be doing there to kind of any changes you might be making to may be spur new business, winning business from larger agencies versus other agencies?
Terry Cavanaugh: I am going to led George handle the bulk of this. But as we did just recently revise our compensation to agents in the personal automobile line where weve gone to a standardized 15% for new business and have worked on a bonus for convergence of that business versus applications to policy. So we think its a much more positive formula and it will drive positive results.
George Lucore: We just announced two weeks ago today that we were chasing our (Inaudible) bonus roughly eliminating the current program in February 21, 2010 and replacing it as Terry mentioned a 15% first year auto commission and a 10% fuel commission. We did retain a bonus program thats roughly based on converting and close that application ratio. There is still a bonus whether or not if [credit reporting] agencies were quoting or writing or qualifying business with Erie employee at a high ratio and so we are very confident that this is going to respond with the desires of our agencies. The gull program was well intended by looking at it.
Michael Phillips: The current program is competitive so its 50% new, 10% renewed and then the kind of very close to half, how is any of that different than what you currently have?
Terry Cavanaugh: The old program was strictly based upon a number of new lines submitted and for the first year it was just a $50 bonus and then about 18 months ago we moved to a escalating bonus. And so this one now is indexed to what the revenue is in relationship to the policies so its 15% on the premium per policy and then we have a very attractive bonus plan that will allow those agents that are good at converting business to us to get more money.
Michael Phillips: Okay so it's not really what I was just trying to get in the beginning of a different structure program for the base on the size of the agency.
Terry Cavanaugh: No
Michael Phillips: Fair enough. Going to specific line of business here are workers comp we did strong field in our development it is necessary and what year is that coming from?
Marcia Dall: Those were from prior years but they are not currently acclaimed.
Michael Phillips: I mean how far back, it was prior year but 1992 or 1975?
Marcia Dall: George is saying 4, 5 years.
Michael Phillips: Okay thank you.
George Lucore: 2004
Michael Phillips: 2004, George?
George Lucore: It was revolved around, basically around one claim.
Michael Phillips: This quarter was all on one claim.
George Lucore: Correct.
Marcia Dall: It was one workers comp and one other commercial claim.
Michael Phillips: Okay thank you. And I'll jump off.
George Lucore: Commercial claim was occurred from last year.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. I will jump off and come back when I need to.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Next we will go to Dan Schlemmer with FPK & Associates.
Dan Schlemmer: Hi good morning. Nice quarter, congratulations. Sort of following up on, Michael's, question actually. The favorable development and there it sounds like it was a pretty decent size number but really two claims driving it. Are they actually closed or are you just reevaluating the reserve on them at this point or can you give us a little more color on what caused, what specifically caused you to revalue the claims?
Marcia Dall: Both of those claims are actually resettled and so the settlement amount was materially lower than the reserve that has been in place for those claims.
Dan Schlemmer: Great thank you. And then I hope I didnt miss it in the early comments. Terry you had talked about last quarter a yearend agency number you were looking for 2100 agencies 9000 representatives. Can you give us a sort of an update are you on track for that as how is that going with adding new agents?
Terry Cavanaugh: Yeah we are relatively on track with that number we are not quite, we entered as a 2100, it was an annualized number for 2009 so we are a little under that I guess somewhere between 2075 or something like that.
George Lucore: No at the end September, 2056.
Terry Cavanaugh: 2056. And obviously there is a corresponding. The licensed representatives pretty much tag along with the individual agencies that we appoint. So that is a positive number there. The good news is that we continue to get good uplift on all the agents. And we spend a lot of time making sure that we are getting better performance from all 2000. And weve done a very good job we think of making sure that the last, I will call it, 400 to 450 there but appointed over the last four or five years are getting the resource that they need to be effective and are producing the numbers that we want. And we are very excited about the prospects going forward.
Dan Schlemmer: Great. Thanks. And then Terry sticking with another one of your comments you had said in your prepared remarks today you are talking about people are actively shopping and I guess you know in a weak economy that sort of intuitively what you would expect, whats your comfort level or how do you think about that as a net benefit. The benefit is of course most people shopping, so you get more look. The downside of course is some of your own insured are looking. And how do you think about that in terms of what the net impact will be or what you are doing to try to capitalize that on a net inflow, outflow basis.
Terry Cavanaugh: Well, as you can see the good news is that our retention actually is getting better. And so we kind of have the best of both worlds and I think we are a fortunate company that people look at our total value proposition which obviously includes our great distribution system, the service they give our customers on a daily basis in the time that they operate in, our products and our price. And once they get to Erie they find the reason to stay with us. And so I think thats a win-win proposition. Unlike some companies that struggled with retention.
Dan Schlemmer: As a follow up on the retention, in particular, I looked at your personalized numbers and I say they cant really go higher, can they? You are in the 91, 92% range. I mean do you think, do you have an outlook on that and I see the half and just you cant go higher but theres a cap either 100% if you are not going to get there. So what are you thinking about the current retention numbers and is there potential to push that or where is that going, is there anywhere to go but down?
Terry Cavanaugh: No I think again as you point theres another 80 points to go up. So it becomes more difficult but again we believe service is a strong part of our culture and we believe that it is very important to be able to look at that number and not be satisfied with it. Those retention numbers are holding but growing a little bit, thats very important to our model and we are building loyalty in our customers on a daily basis. So its a balancing act in terms of all we do for them. But the good news is and I would suggest in some of the toughest economic times that we've had as an industry and as the country, our value proposition is being recognized and we are growing.
Dan Schlemmer: Great. Last question, in terms of the cost on the management operations piece jump that sort of came in and I just think I was characterized as contract labor. For those of us that try to model this forward on a forward basis can you comment on what that jump is more specifically and may be how that will look going forward.
Terry Cavanaugh: I am not going to talk about things going forward.
Dan Schlemmer: How about if I ask you, are those costs that are ongoing at this point is that a little favor.
Terry Cavanaugh: We continue to make investments in our platform. Although I would say, its a lumpy spend. So I would not, theres no big, we are building a business based upon Erie is important but incremental changes and as a result we are not looking for big banks, we are looking to again continue or improve our platform both for our agents and our customers and I think we are very comfortable in terms of how we are spending that money.
Dan Schlemmer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will next go to James Pan with CP&E Partners.
James Pan: Hi, guys. Thanks for more of a treat than a trick on that, say it in terms of your (inaudible).
Marcia Dall: You are welcome, James.
James Pan: Just a broad question, I know that we have been a little less than active in the share repurchase in the last nine months. And that could be understandable given the economic conditions. I was wondering what internal financial conditions or operational conditions that Erie would have to produce or general economic situations on a macro level it would have to happen for you to repurchase your shares. And the only reason I asked it because the last time you repurchased your shares were I think in the 50 we had a five in front of it. And now, your stock is seemingly a lot of lower and then it just seems like a better deal now than it was when obviously had a 50 in it?
Terry Cavanaugh: James first of all, none of this management team bought any shares with a 50 on it. Okay. So, we have this as a tool in our tool kit. Obviously, you talked about the issues that we have to deal with both internal and external considerations, having to deal with how do we use our cash in the most effective way for the benefit of the organization long-term and for our shareholders. And we look at this on a quarterly basis.
James Pan: What financial ratios that you are looking at? It just seems that was a pretty, not a very shareholder friendly answer with all due respect, can you be more specific in terms of how you think about it I mean how often you are going to be using the cash flow, basically all your earnings is free cash flow where you can pay back 80% of your earnings either via increased dividends or buybacks what are you going to do with that extra cash?
Marcia Dall: James this is Marcia I think what I have been trying to say is that we continue to evaluate it and as you know we have authorization for $100 million of share buyback. And on a quarterly basis we do look at it not just on a ratio basis, but on an ongoing basis of the cash flow needs of the entity and that factors in lots of things like our dividend levels looking forward at other growth opportunities that we may have. And as well as the share buyback and so that is something that we actively look at and will continue to look at going forward.
James Pan: Okay and then you mentioned other growth opportunities, what kind of after tax return when you need for that other growth opportunity versus buying back your shares at these levels, but what type of rate of return would you require?
Marcia Dall: Clearly thats something that we continue to look at as far as what is the right level of return based on the different opportunities that are in the market so.
James Pan: I am asking you that what is the right level of return?
Marcia Dall: And I am suggesting that it depends upon the opportunity.
James Pan: Not very inspiring guys' thanks a lot.
Operator: Well now take a follow up question from Dan Schlemmer.
Dan Schlemmer: Yeah sort of following up on my earlier question actually on the PIF and the retention levels You know you do have pretty phenomenal levels on the personal lines and actually they are quite good on commercial as well, but commercial you see more its more flat may be a little bit down versus the personal lines has improved over the last couple of years. Can you sort of is that purely market conditions or is there something else driving that I think we generally the commercial lines might be more competitive, but just curious if thats the differential in the two or if theres something else?
Terry Cavanaugh: You are referring specifically to the commercial lines piece.
Dan Schlemmer: Yeah. Well I mean why is the commercial lines the (Inaudible) and the retention level why is it not as good as the personal lines and may be the trend line on the commercial is also not as good as personal.
Terry Cavanaugh: I think the primary driver would be the economy, in terms of what we see there. I think we also have a more underwriting issues that we deal with on a commercial account when you are trying to sell them, three or four different lines of business and you say historically and in the industry those retention levels have always been greater than personal lines. We are not seeing anything particularly troubling in terms of other issues. Its just that its a tough economy and Mike do you have any other commentary there?
Mike Zavasky: The only thing I would to add to that is there is a pricing floor for the risk you take and sometimes some of our [product] competitor is willing to be a little irresponsible in market place and taking the accounts on new commercials because theres a larger dollar account as Gary said theres multiple polices that adds up together.
George Lucore: This is George Lucore. We also in anticipation of a hardening commercial market, we see the ever present phenomena in advance of those expected markets a little bit of soft pricing to acquire business to take advantage of the coming price increases so we are experiencing that as well, despite the fact that businesses may fail, but the people working on this businesses still have their orders and rules and so the person wise retention ratio I think naturally survives to a greater extent in commercial in these kinds of economies.
Dan Schlemmer: A lot of good color. Thank you. And then completely changing gears back can you just comment a little bit on the real estate limited partnerships and realizing you dont have a specific may be forward view on it, but can you tell us a little bit where the loss is coming from or if there is anything specific and may be a little background on how many different partnerships are you involved in and are you seeing a particular trend that the losses are coming from a particular type, particular geography etc.
Marcia Dall: When you think about our alternative investments we have about $1 billion in investments overall about 64% of that from taxable bonds and taxes in some [of these] markets, Ill get to your question in a minute. With the balance is in common stock and alternative investment is differed. When you look at our alternative investment portfolio about 44% of its in real estate of which about 60% is in the US and 40% is international. And I would say that overall it's really just the softness from the commercial real estate market related to occupancy rates and other things that are pressuring pretty much across the board and we may have a pretty well diversified real estate portfolio and different types of real estate. But again its just that overall commercial real estate pressure based on the economy that we are seeing coming through.
Dan Schlemmer: Just if I can clarify are you saying your portfolio is focused on commercial or you are saying the losses in your portfolio are predominantly coming from the commercial portion of your portfolio?
Marcia Dall: 44% of our alternative investments are in commercial real estate.
Dan Schlemmer: Okay.
Marcia Dall: Okay.
Dan Schlemmer: Very helpful. Thank you.
Marcia Dall: Welcome.
Operator: And thus time there are no further questions. Ms. Kraus Phillips, please go ahead.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Just a reminder that a recording of the call will be post on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 Eastern Time today. If you have any questions at all, please call me at 814-870-4665. And thanks again everyone and make it a great day.
Operator: Once again that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Kraus Phillips - Corporate Communications Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer Marcia A. Dall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer George R. Lucore, CPCU, CIC, LUTCF, AAM, AIC, AIM, AIT - Executive Vice President, Field Operations Michael S. Zavasky, CPCU, CIC, ARe - Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference. At the request of Erie Indemnity, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following prepared remarks of management, we will open the call for questions and answers. Now, I would like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us today. On today's call, management will discuss our first quarter 2009 results. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO, Marcia Dall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, Mike Zavasky, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations, and George Lucore, Executive Vice President, Field Operations. Today's prepared remarks will be approximately 30 minutes. Following those remarks, we'll open the call for questions. We issued our earnings release and additional supplements yesterday afternoon. If you need a copy of the press release or any of these exhibits, you can find these in the Investor Relations section of our website at erieinsurance.com. We also filed Form 10-Q with the SEC. On today's call, the management of the Erie Indemnity Company will share important information about current and future initiatives being undertaken at the company. As a result, certain forward-looking statements maybe incorporated into their comment. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events, and are based on assumptions, subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated, as described in those statements. Many other factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC dated April 30, 2009, and in the related press release and 8-K. In this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the press release and in the supplement posted on our investor website at erieinsurance.com. This call is being recorded, and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party, without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today at 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute to consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast, and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not wish to or agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. And now Erie's President and CEO, Terry Cavanaugh. Terry?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Karen. Good morning and thanks for joining us this morning. Today Marcia and I will talk briefly about our first quarter 2009 results. And then the entire group will respond to your questions. One of the most significant things that happened during the first quarter was the announcement that Marcia Dall joined Erie at its new Chief Financial Officer. I like to welcome Marcia to our first quarterly call. She and I are both looking forward to meeting with many of you in the months ahead, and of course, seeing you at our upcoming Annual Shareholder's Meeting next Tuesday, May 5. Now, to our first quarter discussion. The impact of the financial market disruption continued through the first quarter of 2009. Net income per share diluted decreased to $0.19, compared to the $0.51 at the end of the first quarter 2008, reflecting the impact of losses from our limited partnership investments, and underwriting losses from increased catastrophes during the quarter. Operating income per share decreased $0.29 at March 31, 2009, compared to $0.78 per share for the same quarter a year earlier. From an underwriting perspective, we experienced two catastrophic events during the first quarter of 2009. These two events contributed nearly eight points to our GAAP combined ratio. The first was the windstorm that hit Ohio and Pennsylvania in February. The second was hailstorm that hit Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in late March. It's during these situations that Erie really shines. I want to commend the agents and employees who worked together, to ensure that our customers were taken care of quickly, affectively and fairly. As expected, rate reductions we took in early 2008 for our personal lines, continued to flow through during the first quarter of 2009, bringing down our average written premium per policy. We expect that to turn during the second quarter, given the rating actions we have taken in the later part of 2008, and thus far, in 2009. Clearly, people are looking for service and financial protection they can count on in this economy. Our operating financial strengths have helped us to continue to attract and retain more customers. Policies increase by more than 3% during the first quarter of 2009, compared to a year earlier, reflecting solid growth in auto and home personal lines. Retention in personal lines continues to climb, and new personal lines policies sold have increased by nearly 6%, compared to first quarter of 2008. The effect of the economy is more evident on our commercial lines, as businesses are making changes to their insurance coverages to reduce cost, and exposure growth has also slowed. These factors have had an impact on top-line premium growth. Commercial policies in force were up more than 2% for the quarter, compared to a year earlier, which is encouraging, but not enough to offset declines in average written premium per policy. We are working closely with our agents to promote our commercial business. And we're beginning to see an increase in commercial activity. During the first quarter of 2009, we appointed 31 new agencies to represent Erie. All of these appointments are in territories where we have opportunity for growth. As we indicated on the fourth quarter call, we expect to appoint 127 new agencies in 2009. In 2008, we appointed 156 new agencies, surpassing our goal of 140 new agency appointments. Before I turn the call over to Marcia, I'd like to touch on expense management. Our long-term goal is to better align the expense growth with premium growth. However, it is imperative that Erie continued to invest in information technology, to further its position in the marketplace. We have appointed a new Senior Vice President of Information Technology, who is in the process of refining our technology governance and processes, with an even more disciplined approach to technology spending. We expect the growth in non-commissioned operating expenses for 2009 will be lower than our original projection. Now, I'll turn the call over to Marcia, who will go through the financial results for the quarter.
Marcia A. Dall: Thanks Terry and good morning, everyone. As you know, I joined Erie about a month ago. I am very pleased to be part of the Erie team. And I am looking forward to meeting with many of you in the upcoming months. Today, I will share summary of our broad results, and additional detail on our management operations, underwriting and investment performance. For the first quarter of 2009, net income decreased to 11 million, compared to 30 million in the first quarter of 2008. As Terry mentioned, the earnings decreased in the first quarter was driven primarily by losses from our limited partnership investments and insurance underwriting loses, primarily from increased catastrophic events in the quarter. Losses from limited partnerships, which reflects fourth quarter 2008 activity, was $0.32 per share after-tax for the first quarter, compared to earnings of $0.09 per share after-tax for the first quarter of 2008. Insurance underwriting losses totaled $0.07 per share after-tax for the first quarter, compared to gains of $0.04 per share after-tax in the first quarter of 2008. Now, I'll provide some additional detail on the results of our management operations. Management fee revenue was essentially flat in the first quarter, compared to last year. The management fee rate for both years was 25%. The direct written premium for Property and Casualty Group was flat from the previous year, with growth in policies in force, offset by a decline in average premium per policy. Polices in force grew 3%, reflecting growth of over 124,000 policies year-over-year. Most of this growth was offset by dropping year-over-year average premium per policy. This was not unexpected, as rate reductions we took in 2008, continue to move through our book of business, primarily in our renewal premiums. Premiums from new business increased 4% to 99 million. And strong new business growth in personal lines, was partially offset by a decline in commercial lines' new business. Personal lines new business premiums written grew 12% to 66 million in the first quarter, reflecting solid growth in new policies in force, offset by a slight decline in year-over-year average premium per policy. Our commercial new business premiums written decreased 8% to 33 million in first quarter, reflecting a slight decrease in new policies in force, offset by a marginal increase in the average premium per policy. Premiums generated from the new business were essentially flat year-over-year, reflecting an overall retention ratio -- a higher overall retention ratio, offset by a decline in average renewal premium. The overall retention ratio has been steadily improving, increasing to 12 months moving average of 90.8% in the first quarter, up from 90.6% at December 31, 2008, and up from 90.4% at March 31, 2008. The decline in average renewal premiums reflects the impact of rate reduction taken in early 2008, and slower exposure growth. We expect the pricing actions we have taken in the latter part of 2008 and in 2009, to result in a net increase in direct written premium in 2009. The total cost of management operations increased by almost one point during the first quarter, compared to the first quarter of 2008. Commissions related to our independent agents, which makes up the majority of our management costs, were relatively flat period-to-period. The cost of management operations, excluding commission costs, increased 3% for the first quarter, primarily as a result of higher levels of contract labor costs related to various technology initiatives. Now, I'll provide more detail on the results of our insurance underwriting operations. The GAAP combined ratio for the company was 111% in the first quarter of this year, compared to 92% last year. This resulted in an underwriting loss for the first quarter of 6 million, compared to an underwriting profit of 4 million in 2008. There were three primary drivers of this result. First, catastrophic losses contributed eight points to the GAAP combined ratio. Second, the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio related to the current accident year, excluding cap, was 74% in the first quarter, three points higher than the first quarter 2008. And third, development of higher accident year loss reserves resulted in adverse development of four points in the first quarter, compared to favorable development of five points for the first quarter of 2008. The average development was primarily the result of one large workers compensation claim, combined with increasing loss cost trends on automobile bodily injury, and commercial liability claims. Now, I'll review the results of our investment operations. The company's investment operations recorded a loss of 26 million during the first quarter, compared to a loss of 5 million for the same period in 2008. This was driven primarily, by losses from our investments in limited partnership. As we said previously, there was a quarter lag in the financial statements we received from our general partners, which stated our primary basis for valuation of limited partnership interest. The losses in limited partnerships recorded in the first quarter, represents actual results in the fourth quarter of 2008, which was significantly affected by volatile market conditions. Equity and losses related to our limited partnership investments were 28 million for the first quarter, compared to earnings of 8 million in the first quarter of 2008. These losses were primarily related to investments in real estate limited partnership. Net realized losses on investments in the first quarter totaled 8 million, compared to 25 million in first quarter of 2008. We did see an increase in net investment income for the first quarter, up 7% to 13 million, compared to last year driven by increase bond amortization. And last, related to our investment in Erie Family Life Insurance Company, we reflected a loss of 1.7 million in the first quarter, primarily driven by losses from limited partnership investments in the Erie Family Life Insurance portfolio. We continue to maintain a strong cash position, as cash and cash equivalents totaled 78 million at March 31, 2009. In the first quarter, the company repurchased 42,200 shares of its outstanding Class A common stock at a total cost of 1.2 million, in conjunction with its stock repurchase plan. Approximately 89 million of repurchase authority remains under this plan through June 30, 2009. In summary, the balance sheet of the Erie Indemnity Company and the Erie Insurance Exchange, remains strong and are well-positioned to support our growth. On a personal note, I am delighted to be able to join such a wonderful company. During my short time here, I have met numerous agents, policyholders, employees and business partners, who care deeply for Erie Insurance and they provide the heart and soul that make us such a great company. Karen, we can open the call to questions.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you. Patrick, if you would open the call.
Operator: Yes ma'am. [Operator instructions]. And we will take our first question from Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Marcia Dall: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning to you Marcia. Look forward to meeting you.
Marcia Dall: Good morning.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: First question is on just line item stuff, line of business, one of the stuffs. First on personal lines, but I hear your comments, we know what you did in '08 with your early rate reductions and that are kind of your flipping the switch recently with rate changes there, which is clearly help at some. I think can you just go down with more on some of the details that's put up the personal lines comments and the home and personal. I guess, specifically when I look at the back of your supplements and see the average rates are still down for both the two, moving at kind of the same direction, as you keep moving favorably for both auto and home. But then, when I look at just the overall direct written premium, those two lines are sort of moving in the opposite direction. And trying to help me understand that for a, some of these (ph) don't play well and moving out. And auto is showing that drop in product changes. But what's going behind the scenes between the two? Is that too much that I talked to you about.
Terrence Cavanaugh: No.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Sometimes I do. So, then I get like...
Terrence Cavanaugh: We would follow. I guess, you don't Mike Zavasky would like to take a shot at it, then we can follow-up on that.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Finally, I hook it.
Unidentified Company Speaker: One of the things that's still flowing through rate changes we took in early '08 that are still flowing through in the first quarter, particularly in one of the compensation in Pennsylvania and Maryland. So actually, you are seeing that. So, those changes are bringing out on March 31. So, in the second quarter you will see that start to swing in the other direction.
Terrence Cavanaugh: The other piece that we do sort of have built-in inflation number there into the property business there that allows us and most people, I will say, who are very concerned about there home these days. They want to make sure it's properly insured to value. And we're also having inflation guarantee ability at our renewal to build in the recognition of what it would to cost to replace our homes that we insured. Unlike the auto business, where again, we actually have some people that are instead of buying a new car every four years is now holding on to those automobiles, and may in fact, be dropping coverage as a result of that.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. I think...
Terrence Cavanaugh: You have two different dynamics giving some exposure standpoint that there also.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Right, absolutely. I miss the comment. I am sorry, I miss the comment on the workers comp. Could you say it again?
Terrence Cavanaugh: On workers?
Unidentified Company Speaker: While roughly, we had the rate reductions that took place in the first quarter of '08 that run out in -- by March 31, they ran out.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And so on comp how much of your -- besides that rate there, but when you think about workers compensations really, is that aligned, you're worried about at all? Is there any kind of conscious thoughts of maybe we need to pullback here given trends and the amount of costs, how do you think about that?
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well, we are always looking at the underwriting trends, and how they correlate to the premium we can achieve in the marketplace. And we adjust our risk appetite based upon what we know the marketplace will enable us to achieve. Workers compensation has been a competitive line, and so we monitor it very carefully.
George Lucore, : This is George Luke. I'd like to add that because it is such a competitive line that we have instituted in the 18 months some significant changes on how we manage to claims in workers compensation, because it is such a cost driver. But, we've made significant improvements to claims management process. We've closed nearly 500 old claims out that were totaling, which had a net to positively impact on reserves in that situation. And so, we are managing that much more aggressively, and expect to improve return into the future.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks for the note, very helpful. Last one from me, and I'll circle back perhaps, I guess. The comment on the non-commission and the IT spending for the year, and how that's probably lower than your initially guidance. Any - and on those, if they're coming up or not, if it is maybe historical, and what he's seeing as priorities and plans for the year, and how that might be different than what was in place before he took over?
Terrence Cavanaugh: Yeah, he is not in the room. So, I'll take it and Mike can certainly handle it all. So, we've got Mike heading up the technology world for us at the executive level. It's not a redirection, it's more of a refinement that we are looking to make sure we spend more money, more effectively. And we are doing a -- we're beginning to do a much more effective job of disciplined vendor management. We are very much more focused on our knowledge transfer to make sure that when you use outside contract labor that that technology and that knowledge is being transferred to our employees. So, we can further that kind of capability going forward. I think we continue to have focus on making sure that ABC portal is going to be build out to be effective. We are very committed to obviously, our agents as our sole distribution method. And the more that we can do for them in terms of making assure that we have an effective portal, both from an underwriting and sales standpoint that will work well for us. We are focusing on more customer contact than a customer portal, as well as then continuing to build out more effective technology capability in the backbone of the underwriting side of the commercial lines arena. We have made some nice strides in terms of personal lines side. And so, I think those are the main points, along with again, getting better at data management, and business intelligence. So, I think that's sort of my commentary at a 25,000 foot level. Mike then, if you want to...
Michael Zavasky, : The only thing I would add to that is with a lot more emphasis on project management and the governance process around IT, we are finding we're being a little more effective.
Terrence Cavanaugh: So -- and I will say that the issue we have kind of the way the Indemnity accounts for its expenses, versus again, building technology for the whole enterprise, including the Exchange. Our technology spending can be a bit lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. So, I would also caution the fact that we still have a need, we'll still spend the money. But, I think we'll do it in a much more deliberative matter, where we'll get better bang for our book over the course of the next 24 months.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks so much. I'll hop out for now. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We do have a follow-up question from Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, it's still me. I'll just hang out all day, this is fine. No, excuse me, just to talk more then. I don't understand the intra-network kind of chat (ph) about this earlier, but, the limited partnership stuff. And just to make those additional spending straight away in this quarter, is that you have to make the $80 million through 2012?
Terrence Cavanaugh: Yeah, go ahead.
Marcia Dall: Michael, the way I would think about it is, these are funding commitments that existed through 2012. And we continue to work with our partners to monitor the fund performance, and ensure that they are apparently managing those investments that those are not triggered in particular in any one quarter.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. So, that's whatever is 80 some million, that's not right away, that's towards the next two or whatever...
Marcia Dall: That's right, through 2012.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Got you. Okay, thank you. And then, I was first surprised by the amount of income growth in the quarter. And you gave the reason, why. But clearly, about everybody else is seeing. And any thoughts on how that term plays out for the rest of this year?
Marcia Dall: Yeah, this is really related to amortization and related to some previously impaired bonds that we accept our old income maturity, and where we'll recover all of our principle and related interest. Once the new accounting rules are adopted in second quarter, these increments of bond amortization will go away. So, we would not expect that that trend would continue.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks. And I guess, I'll just wrap it up with this, just Marcia for you, anything in early days you see is kind of just a bit of need to attention, or this is great and designated or just early thoughts?
Marcia Dall: As I said in my closing, I think the strength of this company is really the all of the employees and all the agents and the policy holders, the strength of their -- the service mission for the company. And I'm really glad to be part of the team.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, good. That's all I have. Thanks Marcia.
Marcia Dall: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And it appears we have no additional questions at this time. I'd like to turn it back over to management for any closing remarks.
Karen Phillips: Just a reminder that the recording of the call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12.30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions at all, as always, please call me at 814-870-4665. Thanks again. And make it a great day.
Terrence Cavanaugh: Thank you.
Marcia Dall: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Kraus Phillips  VP and Director of IR Terry Cavanaugh  President and CEO Phil Garcia  EVP and CFO George Lucore  EVP, Field Operations Mike Zavasky  EVP, Insurance Operations
Analysts: Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus Dan Schlemmer  FPK Ron Bobman  Capital Returns
Operator: Hello everyone and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company fourth quarter and year-end 2008 earnings conference. At the request of Erie Indemnity, the conference is being recorded for instant replay purposes. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks from management we will open the call for questions and answers. Now I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Ms. Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you Dale and good morning everyone. We appreciate all you joining us today. On today's call, management will discuss our fourth quarter and year-end 2008 results. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Phil Garcia; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; Mike Zavasky, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations; and George Lucore, Executive Vice President, Field Operations. Today's prepared remarks will be approximately 30 minutes. Following those remarks we will open the call for questions. We issued our earnings release and additional supplements yesterday afternoon. If you need a copy of the press release or any of these exhibits, you can find these in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at ErieInsurance.com. We also filed Form 10-K with the SEC. On today's call, the management of Erie Indemnity Company will share important information about current and future initiatives being undertaken at the company. As a result, certain forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. Many of the factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Risk Factors in our latest 10-K filing with the SEC filed February 26, 2008, and in the related press release and 8-K. In this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the press release and in the supplement posted on our investor Web site at ErieInsurance.com. This call is being recorded, and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our Web site today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. And now I'll turn the call over to Erie's President and CEO, Terry Cavanaugh, Terry?
Terry Cavanaugh: Thank you, Karen. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'll begin with a brief discussion of our fourth quarter and full year results and give you an idea where we are headed in 2009. Then Ill turn it over to Phil to review the financial results for the quarter and the full year. We are all keenly aware of the economic challenges facing our country, our families and our businesses. The volatility in the credit, investment and real estate markets has taken its toll, and as of yet they don't appear to be stabilizing. Our fourth quarter 2008 results bear that out as we experienced a net loss for the quarter of $0.12 per share. The investment portfolios of Erie Indemnity Company, Erie Insurance Exchange and Erie Family Life were exposed to considerable realized losses for the quarter. A significant portion of these losses, particularly in the Exchange and the Indemnity Company, were part of our proactive tax management strategy. We expect to see considerable cash inflows from 2008 tax refunds this year as a result of this strategy. Nonetheless, the realized capital losses we incurred in Indemnity and Erie Family Life significantly affected our financial results, both net income and operating income. Our operating income for the quarter was $0.29, far below the $0.69 we saw at the close of the fourth quarter in 2007. Additional losses from our equity of earnings from Erie Family Life of $0.07 and the losses from our limited partnerships of $0.18 also contributed to the decline. As a result of being well capitalized, the balance sheet at [ph] Indemnity and the Exchange withstood the impacts and remain strong. By the end of the year, Erie Indemnity Companys shareholder equity was nearly $800 million. The exchange policyholder surplus was over $4 billion at December 31, 2008 giving us a very strong 0.85 to 1.0 ratio of total direct written premiums to surplus. As you can see from the financial information we released, Erie Family Life has not fared as well. Impairments have been substantial for EFL. Despite these challenges we are committed to the Life company. As evidenced by the fact that the Exchanges substantial surplus is available, if needed, to directly support EFLs capital position in order to maintain its AM Best rating of A Excellent. Considering difficult trading conditions, we are conservatively managing our balance sheets to increase liquidity. By year end, available cash at the Indemnity Company was nearly doubled from the 2007 levels. The strong capitalization of the Erie Indemnity Company allowed our Board of Directors to increase the dividend to shareholders, an announcement we made in December. The Board increased the regular quarterly cash dividend from $0.44 to $0.45 on each Class A share and from $66 to $67.50 on each Class B share, a 2.3% increase for each class. This is the 75th consecutive year Erie Indemnity Company has paid dividend. At our December Board meeting, we set the management fee of 25% for 2009. On the operation side, we continued to see positive results. We were clearly able to attract and retain customers during the year, surpassing the milestone of 4 million total policies in force. Customer loyalty is stronger than it was a year ago with retention climbing at 90.6% by year end. Personal lines led the way, particularly private passenger auto, our largest line of business. Commercial lines is a more difficult marketplace, which continue to be very competitive in most of our markets and across all products. PIF growth outpaced the decline in average written premium for the quarter and full year. We ended 2008 in positive territory with total direct written premium up slightly, outperforming the industry. For 2009, we will be taking rate where warranted versus giving up rate. The rate movement is expected to add $36 million to revenue in 2009 versus a negative number for 2008. Of course, persistent economic conditions may have an adverse effect on revenue growth given the anticipated declines in exposure growth. We have plans in place to offset that. Among these are product and service enhancements, continued development of existing agencies and new agency appointments. But the challenge is ever present. As I said on our last call, out of turmoil comes opportunity, and I believe Eries sharp focus on executing in our core disciplines will afford us a real advantage. Underwriting discipline for example is key in this environment, and we hold firmly to that principle. Conning projects a sharp decline in the insurance industrys year-end 2008 underwriting margin for the combined ratio of 106.3. Erie Property and Casualty Group ended the year with an 89.6 adjusted statutory combined ratio. Indemnitys GAAP combined ratio was 93.6, producing an underwriting profit of $13.3 million for the company. Moving on to 2009, last quarter I talked about our areas of focus going into this year, profitable revenue growth, better focus on execution and agency management. Our energy is squarely in these areas. Let me touch on each briefly. Momentum in PIF growth continued in early 2009, a good sign that our pricing, product and service value proposition is appealing to consumers even in this tough economy. It also tells me that our agents are effectively marketing Eries value proposition. Our approach to grow business in our existing territories has plenty of traction. With the organizational changes we made in 2008, we are beginning to realize the benefits of a more tightly aligned structure. We are being vigilant about where we are spending our money with most of that spend invested in information technology for agents, employees and customers. An example of that is our Erie Agents Online initiative. We are developing a greater Internet presence for our agents that leverages Eries online features and functionality. It's another way to reach customers and prospects, while sharing our knowledge and technology with our agents. As part of our agency management strategy, in addition to our traditional approach of appointing new agencies, we are projecting adding 127 agents in 09. We are working with our top-performing agencies to open new storefronts. We are also developing plans that will support value creation in our existing agencies. By helping our agents to grow and remain profitable, we are securing Eries revenue base. Before I turn the call over to Phil, I would like to update you on our search for a new CFO. We are winding down our search and have had the benefit of an excellent field of candidates. I believe we will have our final selection by early to mid April. As all of you know, Phil is leaving us at the end of March and I would like to take the opportunity to recognize him for his more than 28 years of service to the company and for his support to me throughout this transition period. Phil, thank you very much. I've enjoyed working with you. Now he will take us through the financial results one last time.
Phil Garcia: Thanks, Terry. Good morning everyone. The company sustained a net loss per share, diluted, of $0.12 in the fourth quarter 2008 as the upheaval in the financial markets produce realized capital losses on investments. Primary contributor to the net loss for the quarter was capital losses from the sale and impairment of bonds, preferred and common stock, of $32.8 million before tax or $0.41 per share after tax. Net operating income for the quarter was $0.29 per share, down from $0.69 per share in the fourth quarter of 07. Our net operating income includes results of earnings from our limited partnership investments and our 21.6% equity stake in the earnings of Erie Family Life. Losses from our limited partnerships were $14.6 million before tax or $0.18 per share after tax compared to earnings of $0.14 per share after tax in the fourth quarter of 2007. Our equity and losses of EFL was $3.7 million or $0.07 per share compared to break even in 07. Ill discuss both of these items in more detail when I discuss our investment operations. Looking at our management operations for the fourth quarter 08, youll see that the management fee revenue was flat compared to a year ago. The fee rate for both quarters was 25% of our direct written premiums at the Property and Casualty Group, which increased 0.6% during the fourth quarter of 08 compared to the same period in 2007. Rate reductions during the quarter, which decreased direct written premiums by $4.8 million were offset by policies in force growth of 2.9% during the quarter. Private passenger auto policies grew year over year by 2% with retention rates on the line hitting 91.8%. Homeowners policies in force grew 2.9% with a retention of 91.1%. These growth rates are encouraging considering market conditions, but top line growth has been difficult and should remain so with the headwinds of a very difficult economy. Income from management operations was affected by an increase in non-commission operating costs, up 17.1% in the fourth quarter 2008 to $66 million from $56.4 million in the fourth quarter 2007. Fourth quarter of 2007 was influenced by an adjustment of $5.2 million for inter-company expense allocations, which decreased the cost of management operations of the company. Of that amount, $3 million was related to personnel costs and $2.2 million was related to other operating costs. Excluding this 2007 adjustment, the increase in non-commission expenses in the fourth quarter of 2008 would have been 7.2%. Our sales and policy issue costs rose about $3.9 million, primarily as a result of increased spending in our agent co-op marketing program of $3.2 million. Also included in all other operating costs was an increase of $3.6 million due to additional technology spending. As a result, gross margins for management operations were 12.1% compared to 15.5% a year ago. Our underwriting operations in the fourth quarter performed well in what is traditionally our highest combined ratio quarter, capping a year of tremendous underwriting profitability for the Erie Insurance Group. Our GAAP combined ratio for the quarter was 89.0% resulting in a $5.7 million of underwriting income for the quarter, up from $4.9 million for the fourth quarter of 07. The Property and Casualty Groups adjusted statutory combined ratio for the fourth quarter of 08 was 89.1 compared to 89.9 for the same period in 2007. For the year, the Property and Casualty Group had an adjusted statutory combined ratio of 89.6 for 2008 compared to an extraordinary performance in 2007 of 83.8, which included very low catastrophe losses of only 1.7 points and reserve redundancies of 5.3 points. Our fourth quarter 2008 result included 0.8 points of catastrophe losses, we also saw a 3.4 points of improvement in the development of prior accident year loss reserves excluding our salvage and subrogation recoveries. This improvement is related to better frequency trends and slightly better severity trends in automobile bodily injury claims and on underinsured motorist bodily injury. Now let's take a look at our investment operations for the quarter. Continued disruption in the financial markets, including dramatic dislocations in the credit and real estate markets had a significant impact on our results from investment operations during the fourth quarter of 08. Revenue from investment operations was a net loss of $40.3 million for the fourth quarter 08 compared to net revenue of $12.4 million for the same period a year ago. The impact these net losses had on the companys net income and net operating income for the quarter were significant and a continuation of what we experienced in the third quarter of 2008. As I mentioned earlier, we sold or impaired $32.8 million in bonds and common and preferred stock investments. Of that amount $25.1 million resulted from the sales of securities to proactively realize capital loss carryback benefits, thereby generating substantial current-year federal income tax refunds. Our fixed maturity impairments for the fourth quarter were $6.3 million while equity impairments were $1.4 million for the quarter. Pricing on a large portion of our fixed income and preferred securities were driven by distressed sellers and liquidation sales prices not indicative of clearing prices in a functioning and orderly market. We believe for the majority of the securities we hold these price declines will eventually be reversed as rational buyers and sellers return to the markets. Equity in losses from limited partnerships amounted to $14.6 million for the fourth quarter compared to $12.8 million during the fourth quarter of 2007, again this dramatic shift is the result of severe economic and financial market conditions. The largest share of the fourth quarter loss came from our real estate partnerships, which lost $12.2 million. Our private equity partnerships generated losses, $3.4 million, while mezzanine partnerships earned $1 million during the fourth quarter of 08. The company's 21.6% share in the earnings of EFL resulted in a loss of $3.7 million for the fourth quarter 2008 compared to a loss of $171,000 in the fourth quarter of 2007. As a result of the upheaval in the financial markets, EFL recognized net realized losses on investments of $13.2 million and losses on limited partnership investments of $2.5 million during the fourth quarter of 08. Our share of these losses combined was $3.4 million in the quarter. In addition, EFL was enabled to record some deferred tax assets in the quarter as it was limited to the amount of recoverable federal income tax. The deferred tax assets not recoverable reported for the fourth quarter 2008 on the books of EFL was $16.9 million. Net investment income for the fourth quarter 2008 decreased by 13.3% to $10.8 million from $12.5 million in the fourth quarter 2007. The decrease can be attributable to lower invested asset balances as a result of the company's share repurchase activity in prior periods. Treasury stock balances increased by $102 million at December 31, 2008 from a year ago. And during the fourth quarter of 2008, the company repurchased 93,620 shares of its outstanding class A common stock at a cost of $3.4 million or $35.88 per share. Now I would like to discuss the capital and the liquidity positions of the company, the Exchange and EFL at December 31, 2008. Despite the losses weve incurred on investments, the Erie Indemnity Companys balance sheet continues to be extremely strong with almost $800 million in capital. The company's equity includes a charge of about $90 million after deferred taxes to reflect the funding status of the company's pension plan which had an actuarial loss for the year. This is recorded to other comprehensive income in accordance with FAS 158. This charge amounts to about $1.56 per share in GAAP book equity. This actuarial loss reflects the effects of adopting a lower discount rate for plan liabilities as well as the difference between the expected and actual 2008 return on plan assets. It is important to note that although the company records the entire obligation for the pension plan on its books, generally about 50% of the ongoing cost of the plans benefits is paid by the Exchange and EFL. As you can see from our 10-K disclosure, the pension plan remains well funded. The Erie Insurance Exchange incurred substantial realized capital losses for the fourth quarter 2008 of $451 million and for the full year 2008 of over $1 billion. A substantial part of the losses were generated through the sale of securities to proactively realize capital loss carryback benefits, thereby generating substantial current-year federal income tax refunds of about $215 million. The strategy will continue into 2009 as the Exchange incurred substantial capital gains taxes in 2007 that are available for refund. The surplus position of the Exchange remains very strong with total surplus of over $4 billion, and as Terry mentioned, a premiums to surplus ratio of 0.85 to 1.0, one of the strongest ratios in the industry. The surplus position does not take into account about $70 million of deferred tax assets that are not realizable within one year, which makes them non-admitted assets under statutory accounting rules. The capital of EFL has been negatively impacted by the financial crisis and the effects on its bond and preferred stock portfolios. As Terry mentioned earlier, Exchanges substantial surplus is available if needed to assist EFL in maintaining its A Excellent rating from AM Best. EFLs GAAP equity reflects declines of $102 million in its $1 billion portfolio of investment-grade corporate bonds. All of these bonds are currently performing in line with anticipated or contractual cash flows. As I said earlier, these security valuations reflect the extreme credit markets we are currently seeing. Its also important to mention that EFL has never issued variable annuities or variable universal life products. Consequently, EFL does not have the obligations around the guarantee and returns on those products that other life insurers are currently struggling with. As I mentioned in our third quarter 2008 call, the Erie group of companies continues to maintain a very liquid position as a response to the illiquid conditions in certain parts of the capital markets and our low potential needs for liquidity in our businesses. Today our cash position across the group exceeds $325 million. In addition, we have in place undrawn bank lines of a $175 million to meet any additional liquidity needs. And as I mentioned earlier, we are expecting significant federal tax refunds as a result of our tax planning strategies. Before I turn the call back over to Karen, I would like to make some personal comments. I'm extremely grateful for the wonderful opportunity I have had for the past 28 years to serve this great company. The people of the Erie have been tremendously supportive of me all these years, and I truly believe they are the best team in this business anywhere. I also want to say how I have enjoyed interacting with all of our investors and analysts over these many years. Thank you again for the honor to have served with all of you. Karen?
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks, Phil. Dale, we can open the call for questions now.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you, good morning everybody.
Terry Cavanaugh: Good morning, Michael.
Philip Garcia: Good morning.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: I want to start out on the investment side. I usually don't hit on that, so I thought I would start with that this time. It might be helpful if you could just spend a second or two kind of going through a little of the history of kind of why we are in some of the alternative investments that we are in, just as a bit of a backdrop. And then kind of segue into that, the question really is how committed are you to staying in those, I guess particularly the private equity? That's obviously quite lumpy.
Phil Garcia: Okay. So we have in the portfolio you are referring to, the alternative investments, youre talking about the Exchange or Indemnity?
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Well, I guess both  if it makes a difference for your answer in terms in terms of historical. But obviously, Im just looking at the Indemnity now in terms of the lumpiness with your earnings.
Phil Garcia: All right. With respect to the Exchange, as you know, we have been fairly aggressive investors. On our portfolio in the Exchange we match off our insurance liabilities with very conservative investment-grade corporate bonds and munis. We then invest the surplus of the Exchange, which is substantial. Generally about half the surplus is invested in common stocks and the other half is invested in alternative assets. There are three portfolios within the alterative assets. Theres mezzanine, which we view as part of our high yield investment portfolio. There is private equity, which we view as a play on the common stock portfolio of the Exchange. And then we also have the real estate. We are not direct real estate investors, so about half that portfolio of alternative assets is invested in real estate around the world with partners that are experts in real estate. So, thats the strategy at the Exchange. The same sort of strategy exists at Erie Indemnity Company. We have about $300 million there, about half of that portfolio is real estate investments.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That's helpful. It sounds like just from that the commitment to stay this way is  youve seen a lot of companies 
Phil Garcia: Yes. Its a fairly illiquid portfolio.
Terry Cavanaugh: There is a secondary market. But I think, based upon what you heard about our balance sheets and our liquidity, we think there is  weve made some good investments, and we will continue to monitor it on a quarter by quarter basis.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: I'm not asking for  because of the capital issues at all, because I don't think theyre (inaudible). It's just a matter of what it does to the earnings on a quarterly basis.
Phil Garcia: Right. Yes, it's pretty illiquid, and there's a secondary market for it, but you can imagine that it's not real efficient right now.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. I appreciate that. Just back to the  I guess the traditional stuff. Can you talk about how much of your  the mix of your business in personal lines has changed from, if at all from your single auto accounts to kind of the package auto/home? How is that changing over time? And is it going the way you want it to?
Terry Cavanaugh: I might turn it over to some guys that have a broader or a longer-term perspective than I do, and from that, I know, George or Mike, do you have a sense of that in terms of whether 
George Lucore: I would say that at least 80% of our accounts are dual accounts at this point. We have the orphan auto policy  this is George Lucore by the way  accounts that we have would generally be the sons and daughters of policyholders that dont have the opportunity for supporting other lines of coverage. But we have a strong series of discounts that support multi-lining with Erie Insurance, including of course multi-cost discounted on our (inaudible) life insurance policy discounts. I don't have the exact figure. I can get back to you with the exact figure. But I feel safe to tell you that it's probably 80% are multi-policy holders, and that's very much in line with our target.
Terry Cavanaugh: And we don't see a big change in that.
George Lucore: No, we don't see any changes at all.
Terry Cavanaugh: All right.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Part of the reason I was asking is, are there auto-only policies that maybe youre losing because of the more competitive environment in the auto that you dont lose because of the package? Youre pretty competitive in homeowners.
Terry Cavanaugh: Well, our rate  our retention of personal  private passenger auto actually increased this year to over 91%. So, its quite the contrary. Were holding on to more private passenger automobile.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Good. Just a kind of high level here  the shopping behavior in personal auto  I'm sticking with that too. Theres sense of theres more shopping because of tightening the budgets around, and have you seen that in your markets? And do you see a kind of a sense of that how that might be different for the different segments of auto, so kind of either the standard preferred versus the non-standard kind of thing?
George Lucore: Well, we've  this is George Lucore once again. We read the same studies that I think everyone does, and of course with the increased incidence of online shopping and the ease of that means of comparing prices and the shifting demographics, we do understand and recognize there is an increased opportunity for online price comparison. And we of course though make it easy to compare our prices online for those who are seeking an alternative options. But our retention, as noted, is continuing to increase along  across the entire spectrum, and we dont see that deteriorating at any point soon.
Terry Cavanaugh: As a matter of fact, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, application growth is up from January, so we think we are actually benefiting in some regards with regard to this economy.
George Lucore:
 :
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: George, you said that applications were up this year so far 12%, is that correct?
George Lucore: Okay. Thanks. I will hop off for now. Thanks to everybody, and Phil, hopefully I will see you again before we say our final good-byes.
Terry Cavanaugh: Thanks, Michael.
Philip Garcia: Thank you.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will take our next question with Dan Schlemmer with FPK. Please go ahead.
Dan Schlemmer  FPK: Hi, good morning.
Terry Cavanaugh: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Schlemmer  FPK: Question on the cost of the management operations, that it said sort of a big increase year over year, but there was a specific adjustment. And then really just keying on the comment in the release. It said non-commission expenses would have increased sort of 7.2% on an apples to apples basis, and it talks a little bit about  in here about just changes in compensation. I just wonder if you can comment  and I mean, that sounded a little bit high to me. And I dont know if there is something unusual going on in the year over year comps outside of that one adjustment, or you know I guess just current economy, I sort of would have guessed at a lower number.
Philip Garcia: You are talking about  so after adjusting the year to year comparisons, we are at about seven and change.
Dan Schlemmer  FPK: Yes.
Philip Garcia: Then we pointed out that there's two areas that really drove that level up. The market share expense, that's really our co-op advertising campaign we have with our agents. We put about another $3 million into that over and above the prior year in the fourth quarter of 08. And then we have some additional technology spend of $3.6 million, thats whats really driving the number. Salaries and wages and benefits were really kind of flat for the quarter, Dan, adjusted for that adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2007.
Dan Schlemmer  FPK: Okay. And sort of I guess in that  sort of staying on the theme of general economic drivers  new car sales, I think we are all seeing the numbers are horrible, and I'm just wondering if you can comment on  as the Detroit sells fewer new cars, how that flows through your book over time. Presumably, a new car is more expensive to insure, and that probably drives fee income down. Or thats sort of what people would expect a priority. And then also on underwriting income and competitive position, do you have a sense that you are better or worse off with people maintaining their older cars longer versus buying a new car, and how that flows through on your  both your competitive position and on the underwriting side.
Terry Cavanaugh: I think you asked about six questions there.
Dan Schlemmer  FPK: Yes, I'm sorry about that. The question's really  the question really boils down to whats 
Terry Cavanaugh: I'll try to respond to this. If I don't  my point was, if I don't get (inaudible) there, don't take it (inaudible) repeat it. Clearly, and as I mentioned again in my prepared remarks, we are concerned about what we call the exposure growth or lack thereof both in terms of personal product lines and commercial product lines. And to your example of obviously somebody who would normally buy a car every four years now, because of the economy, is not doing that, is clearly a concern of ours. We are not seeing that dramatically. You have two examples there  one, they are not buying it, and they also may drop coverage because now they own the car. We are not seeing that, and as a matter of fact as we indicated, we are getting more new customers. So, again on a policy basis, our exposure is growing. And to date, I cant say that we are seeing any change in exposure mix based upon the value of the automobile. One your second question, I guess about underwriting profitability, again, another concern as it relates to again auto, homeowners, and the commercial business. And clearly in an economy like this, either people are either reluctantly starting to do some things that they would normally not do in terms of changing maintenance patterns, etc.  and there is a watch for that. But again, weve not seen that in any sort of our numbers yet to date in terms of either frequency or severity in our claims counts.
Dan Schlemmer  FPK: And I guess, in terms of competitive position, is there any sense that Erie is better than the competition on this segment versus that segment? And as you have fewer new cars and more older cars, that just the price issue is going to benefit Erie or work to Erie's detriment?
Terry Cavanaugh: Not to date. The blending of characteristics and rating plans at Erie as well as our competitors is really quite broad now. So those lines blur a little bit. But we have, like, 58 different touch points in our rating system, and we feel thats a very good and wide spectrum to be able to respond to the majority of the driving public out there. And to date, weve not really seen  as a matter of fact, I believe our value proposition based (inaudible) the capital and the Exchange is managed  our capital structure, we are again at an advantage based upon what we can do as opposed to a disadvantage.
Dan Schlemmer  FPK: Very helpful. I think you got all six of the questions. So, thanks very much.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question with Ron Bobman with Capital Returns. Please go ahead.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Hi, good morning. Thanks a lot.
Terry Cavanaugh: Hi, Ron.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Hi, Ron.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns:
 :
Phil Garcia: Right. You are talking about the alternative assets, which is our limited partnership investments in both private equity, mezzanine, and real estate. Generally, there is a quarter lag, so what we have in our year-end financial statement is the reports from those managers really for the third quarter. Thats just generally accepted in the industry in this investment class. We get, as you said the source of the information is from the actual managers who are now subject to fair value accounting and audits of fair value accounting. Now, their audits arent done till year end, and again since there is a quarter lag, those audits will be done now and will be reflected in our first quarter numbers. But they are subject to the fair value accounting and taking a hard look at their marks on all the investments that they have in the funds.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: And it sounds like  a couple of sort of follow-up questions, you don't use much in the way of sort of discretion or forward-looking sort of trend analysis. You largely sort of rely upon their  as the manager  their direction as to what, in this case, the 09/30 [ph] value was on these assets.
Phil Garcia: Well, we do trend analysis, and we have some ideas and trends  from that trend analysis of where the returns are going. But we cant record those in our financial statements. We rely on what they tell us. We do some independent reviews of our managers during the year and we did that again this year to make sure theyre doing  giving us values under the new fair market value accounting rules. So, weve done that again this year, we did it last year. So theres a lot of due diligence around this portfolio as far as were concerned.
Terry Cavanaugh: And I would say that while we had a good process last year, we have a better process this year. There was more rigor around it, and we are watching this class closely.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: And one  as I approach Dan Schlemmers question count  the real estate portion, which I think you ballparked it at about half of the alternatives. Is that mostly  what sort a level in the capital structure? Is it sort of the equity type investments in real estate, predominantly? Is it the senior debt mortgages that these managers are investing in? Or is some mix?
Phil Garcia: Its primarily equity, and its across all real estate classes. So we have office, we have warehouse, we have residential, we have multi-family, and its global.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Got you.
Phil Garcia: So, its everywhere. And its all equity investments pretty much.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Okay. Thanks a lot, and continued good luck.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take a follow-up question with Michael Phillips. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks. I only had five last time, so I need to get back to six  just to make it fair. This is a random one, and I will admit it. Its probably for George  but anybody else  is there a  how much value is there in zip code rating plus-four? A lot of people talk about it. I don't know if that it's kind of the way that the market is these days. Is there really value in that? If there is, where you guys with that?
Terry Cavanaugh: Well, that's probably a question for Mike Zavasky. Well let the underwriter answer that one.
Mike Zavasky: There is value in zip code rating plus four, but there is greater value beyond zip code rating. And we are looking heavily at greater pricing sophistication levels that go well beyond zip code rating plus four. So, I wouldnt dismiss it, but I would say that it is only part way to where we intend to go.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Can you describe what you mean by that? The greater than  what does that mean?
Mike Zavasky: There is a lot more that can be done beyond just geographic characteristics and is more into the usage of the vehicles and more into other characteristics of demographic information.
Michael Phillips  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you, guys.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: This does conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn it back over to Karen Phillips for any additional remarks. Please go ahead.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks, Dale. For those of you who also may have been listening on the webcast, apparently we had some issues with sound via our vendor. The webcast has been recorded. The call has been recorded, and it will be archived. So you can be assured of that. It will be archived around 12.30 PM Eastern Time today on ErieInsurance.com. And as always if you have any questions, give me call at 814-870-4665. And thanks again for joining us and make it a great day.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and VP Corporate Communications and IR Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and CEO Philip A. Garcia - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller Ron Bobman - Capital Returns
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference. At the request of Erie Indemnity, this conference is being recorded for instant replay purposes. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following prepared remarks from management we will open the call for questions and answers. Now, I would like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead Ma'am.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thank you, Cecilia and good morning everyone. We appreciate all you joining us for today's call. On today's call, management will discuss our third quarter 2008 results. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Phil Garcia; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel and George Lucore, Executive Vice President, Field Operations. Today's prepared remarks will be approximately 30 minutes. Following those remarks we'll open the call for questions. We issued our earnings release and additional supplements yesterday afternoon. If you need a copy of the press release or any of these exhibits, you can find these in the Investor Relations section of our website at erieinsurance.com. We also filed Form 10-Q with the SEC. On today's call, the management of Erie Indemnity Company will share important information about current and future initiatives being undertaken at the company. As a result, certain forward-looking statements maybe incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. Many of the factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC filed November 5, 2008, and in the related press release and 8-K. In this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the press release and in the supplement posted on our investor website at erieinsurance.com. This call is being recorded, and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. And now I'll turn the call over to Erie's President and CEO, Terry Cavanaugh, Terry?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. Good morning. About 90 days ago, a week in a my new job, I had the opportunity to join all of you on Erie's second quarter earnings call. My perspective of Erie at that point was still largely, as one looking in from the outside. And while I am sure you'll agree that I picked an interesting time to become a CEO, considering the country's economic condition. I am now fully engaged and more confident than ever that I made the right call to join the Erie team. Today, I will share some of my early observations with you and where I see the company headed in 2009. In addition, to covering key points of the third quarter financials, I may have still to talk about our capital and liquidity position, both at the Indemnity Company and at the Erie Insurance Exchange which I know is of primary interest to all of you. Over the past quarter, we have been riding the financial storm along with everyone else. We incurred $41.1 million in realized capital losses for the third quarter. Saw a substantial reduction in our share of earnings from a limited partnership investments and a $10.1 million loss from our equity in earnings from Erie Family Life. As you might expect Erie Family Life also has significant realized capital losses from investments. These factors and the impact of Hurricane Ike on our underwriting performance were the primary drivers of our earnings per share result of $0.07 per share for the quarter. Even after taking into account the impacts of the capital and securities markets, the quality and substance of our balance sheet of both the Indemnity Company and Erie Insurance Exchange continues to be remarkably strong. As of September 30, 2008, we had nearly... we had over $900 million in capital at Erie Indemnity Company and a policyholders' surplus of more than $4.4 billion at Erie Insurance Exchange. The strength of our balance sheet continues to give us a distinct advantage in the current insurance marketplace. We see additional evidence of our competitors' strength as well. Overall, policies of the property and casualty group are growing at 2.8% on a year-over-year basis. Underlying that result, our new policies enforced growth of 3.3% on a year-over-year basis and an All Lines policy retention rate of 90.5%. These results contributed to a slight increase in direct written premiums of the property and casualty group, despite giving $8.2 million in rate back to our policyholders during the quarter. For the Indemnity Company, that resulted in a slight up-tick in management fee revenue for the third quarter of 2008, compared to the third quarter of 2007. We also saw a margin improvement in the Management Operations segment during the quarter to 19.3% from 16% a year earlier. While this is positive news, it is primarily due to our $8 million of one-time charge that was incurred of the third quarter of 2007. Removing the effect of the one-time charges, the margin in the third quarter 2007 would have been 19.1%. Expense management is a critical area of concentration for the company. I'll talk more about that in a moment. Erie has always had the a reputation of a disciplined underwriting company. Within the context of the securities markets crisis, this discipline is more important than ever as we move forward. Underwriting profitability is key to our ongoing success. I'm a big believer in equilibrium, everything in balance. We need revenue growth to remain strong and return value to you, our shareholders. However, growth must not come because of inadequately priced or poorly underwritten exposure. There are signs that the market is beginning to harden. But true to our philosophy of not overreacting to market swings and not shocking our policyholders, Erie doesn't need to take dramatic price increases. We are positioned well to take modest rate increases wherever our experience wants [ph] and continue remain competitive for... and where we continue to remain competitive for our agents and our policyholders. Our focus is profitable revenue growth. Bottom-line, growth should not come at expense of weak underwriting margin or no margin at all. Since joining the Erie in late July, I spent considerable time talking with agents, employees, policyholders and shareholders to gain a broader perspective on the company. Based on those discussions and my own observations, I don't see a need for wholesale changes here. Erie's spending, as you will approach and focus, our core business has and will continue to serve the company well. However, there are areas of focus that we're concentrating on for the remainder of 2008 and 2009. Profitable revenue growth, expense management, resource alignment and agency management. I'll start with revenue growth, which I've already touched on, but allow me to elaborate a bit. One of Erie's primary growth strategies has been expansion in the new states. The company had been working on plans, to began writing in Minnesota in 2009. A topic discussed often on our previous earnings calls. In September, I announced internally into agents that we decided not proceed with entry in the Minnesota. We have incredible potential to expand market share in our existing territories and can reallocate hard dollars and labor costs to this effort. We're creating a more strategic and more precise approach to growth. Focusing on products, expansion into our existing territories and enhanced management of our agency distribution system that will lead to profitable revenue growth. On expense management, I believe we can do better. Erie has traditionally had an expense ratio that spread well against our competitors and that's an advantage I don't want to lose. So, we're not going to spend in 2009. Non-commission expenses will increase, primarily driven by IT investments. What I am talking about here is better expense allocation. We need to invest in the right things and concentrate our expense allocation on those things that will bring us the greatest return. Growth, underwriting profitability, great agent and customer service and staff development. Alignment. I see a lot of opportunities to better align reporting relationships, employee capabilities and development and incentive compensation. Earlier this week, we put a structure in place to streamlines reporting relationships in the field. Leverages talent and skills of some key personnel and provides opportunity for staff development. We are also looking at better alignment of incentive compensation. For example, between our underwriting and sales staff. In addition, we can never afford to forget that there is always need to be a... the need to be strong alignment between underwriting and pricing. A good risk that's poorly priced and has weak terms and conditions is a policy that will be a drag on our resources and ultimately on our balance sheet. Our resources could be better used by better customers. And finally, agency management. One of the first impressions that struck me about the Erie was the intense loyalty, Erie agents has for this company. In early August, I spent a long weekend with our top producers and immediately followed that up with agent meeting and several territories. You hear about the Erie's loyalty factor within industry circles, but this was my first opportunity to experience it first hand. It's impressive and certainly something we need to mature and project. With this in mind we're examining our agency management approach, which goes hand-in-hand with our refocused growth strategy of concentrating our efforts on existing territories. Erie's is committed to doing business through independent agents. That will not change. But, we will incorporate better, more productive ways to support our top agents' sales efforts and encourage and assist our other agents to strive for more profitable business. We'd also be opportunistic in our approach to new agent appointments. With the disruption in the financial markets, I anticipate a corresponding disruption in agency distribution channels of some of our competitors, who maybe distracted by deteriorating balance sheets. We have the advantage here. I look forward to welcoming our share of new high performing agents into our system. The shareholders I've heard from touched on the issues I just covered. Profitable revenue growth, and diligent expense management and maintaining Erie's service reputation and a loyalty of our agency force. Now let me address another issue they talk to me about, Erie's capital management strategy. I support Erie's long spending approach to capital management. I believe returning to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase is appropriate and we have adequate cash flows to continue these programs. Phil will review that with you when I turn the call over to him in a minute. But before I do, I'd like to update you on our CFO search. We decide to search externally for Phil's replacement. Phil has committed to stay on through the search and selection period and you expect him to be with us for our year end earnings release in late February. Phil, I'll turn it over to you now to discuss our investment portfolios, capital strength and liquidity position before getting into a brief review of the quarter's financials.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Terry. Good morning everybody. Our third quarter 2008 results show that Erie was not immune to the volatility and securities market. For the third quarter of 2008, net income decreased to $4.2 million from $53.5 million at September 30, 2007. On a per diluted share basis, net income decreased to $0.07 in the third quarter of 2008, compared to $0.87 last quarter. Net operating income per share decreased by 35.2% to $0.54 per share, compared to $0.84 per share last year. As you know, net operating income includes the results of our limited partnership investments and our share of the earnings of Erie Family Life Insurance Company, which also incurred significant realized capital losses on investments in the quarter. We also experienced catastrophe from Hurricane Ike which reduced underwriting income for the quarter. As you would expect, the decrease in net income for third quarter was driven primarily by net realized losses on investments. These were due to $37.4 million of impairment charges, $3.4 million of charges... changes in fair value on our common stocks. A decrease of $13.1 million in the equity of earnings of our limited partnerships and a $10.1 million dollar loss on our equity in the earnings from our ownership in Erie Family Life. As I mentioned, EFL also recognized significant impairment charges during the third quarter of '08 which was the primary reason for their net loss. As Terry noted, Erie has managed through the investment market disruption quite well. Indemnity continues with a very strong capital position and our underlying operating performance continues to be strong. Indemnity also has a strong liquidity position with strong underlying cash flows from our management and insurance operations and from our investment. Our cash position is strong. We have $70 million undrawn on our current credit facilities. With the heightened interest on investments, I am going to change the order of my discussion today and begin with our investment operations and also discuss the investment results for EFL which are relevant to our earnings and also discuss the investment results in the exchange. Investment income from interest and dividends decreased 16.5% to $10.2 million during the third quarter 2008, compared to $12.2 million for the same period in 2007. Mostly as a result of a smaller asset base due to our prior period share repurchases. Our private equity and mezzanine debt, limited partnerships generated losses of $0.7 million in the third quarter of '08, compared to earnings of $8.5 million in the third quarter, last year. Our real estate limited partnerships generated earnings of $1.8 million and $5.7 million in the third quarter as of '08 and '07 respectively. As, we mentioned the reduced earnings recorded by our real estate limited partnerships, are result of the general slowdown and recent economic downturn in the real estate market. We provided some supplemental information for you regarding our impairment charges from the portfolios of Indemnity, the Erie Insurance and the Erie Family Life Insurance Company. The information details impairments for Fannie and Freddie, AIG and Lehman Brothers and our overall charges for each portfolio. The market freeze up late in the quarter produced extreme valuations on invested assets, and was particularly rough on our corporate bonds and preferred stocks. Those abnormal conditions in the fixed income markets resulted in extreme credit spreads and pricing marks at quarter end. As a result Erie Indemnity incurred investment impairment charges of $37.4 million for the third quarter of '08 included $15.7 million on fixed maturities and $21.7 million on preferred stock. For the nine months ended September 30th '08 and '07, impairment charges on fixed maturities were $29.7 million and $1.6 million respectively and impairment charges on preferred stock were $32.1 million and $2.5 million respectively. In the third quarter of 2008 valuation losses on common stock that we've reported in earnings were $3.4 million. During the third quarter of '08, Erie Insurance Exchange recognized impairment charges on its investment portfolio of $325 million. Even with these impairment charges at September 30th 2008, the exchange had $4.4 billion in statutory surplus and a premium to surplus ratio of less than 1:1. The exchange has very strong capital levels that are more than sufficient to whether further market stresses. During the third quarter 2008, we also substantially raised our cash position at the exchange to further enhance our liquidity position which is also very strong. The exchange generated $397 million in operating cash flows in the nine months ended September 30, 2008 and had cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2008 of $242 million. In addition, the exchange has an undrawn credit facility of $75 million. As you can see form our financial statements and the investors supplement, Erie Family Life recorded a large net loss for the third quarter of '08 with our share being $10.1 million. In total for the third quarter 2008 EFL recorded net realized losses on investments of $46.4 million which included impairment charges of $40.1 million from the companies bond and preferred stock portfolios. Although, these are substantial incurred losses, we believe that EFL maintained strong statutory risk-based capital levels that support its current credit ratings. With respect to our share repurchase activity for the third quarter 2008, we repurchased 20,000 shares of our outstanding Class A common stock at a cost of about $900,000 in conjunction with our stock repurchase plan authorized in February `06. Beginning in July 2008, we suspended share repurchase activity during our quiet period which is the time period from the end of the quarter until our public filings for the quarter. As a result, our share repurchase activity is limited to two months per quarter going forward. Through the first nine months of 2008, 2 million shares were repurchased at a total cost of $98.7 million at September 30, 2008, $93.3 million of repurchased authority remains under the plan. So now, I am going to review the results of the Indemnity's management operations and underwriting operations. Our management fee revenue increased slightly as direct written premium of the property and casualty group remained leveled on the third quarter of '08 compared to the third quarter of '07. As you know, our management fee rate was 25% for the third quarters of both '08 and '07. As you know, we frequently evaluate our pricing and currently we estimate the pricing actions approved filed and considered filing could reduce the direct written premiums in the property and casualty group by approximately $31 million during 2008, approximately $26 million of that amount occurred in the first nine months of 2008. Given our accident year last experience in the market conditions we are seeing, we are projecting premium rate increases of about 1% overall for 2009. The trend toward increased policy growth continued in the third quarter 2008 as policies in force and new written premium continue to decline. Premiums generated from new business increased 2.7% to a $109 million from a $106 in the third quarter of 2008 as compared to 2007. Underlying the trend in new business premiums is a year-over-year increase in new business policies in force of 3.3%. Our year-over-year total policies in force grew 2.8% or 107,000 policies to almost 4 million policies at September 30, 2008. As Terry said, our policy retention rate improved to 90.5 at the end of the third quarter, compared to 90 at the end of the third quarter of last year. The total cost of management operations decreased by 2.8% during the third quarter, commissions to our independent agents make up the majority of this cost. Our commissions in the third quarter of '08 include a decrease in the estimate for agent bonuses of $5.2 million due to the decrease and underwriting profitability in 2008. There was an increase in normal and accelerated rate commissions of $1.6 million in the third quarter of '08 due to an increased uncertain commercial commission rate and a higher accelerated commissions, because we have more newly appointed agents. Cost of management operations excluding commission costs decreased $4.4 million or 6.5% for the third quarter of '08 compared to the third quarter of '07. Our personnel cost decreased $1.8 million or 4.8% in the third quarter of '08. In the third quarter of '07, there was a charge of $3.7 million for severance awards to a former executive officer. All our other... all other operating expenses decreased $2.5 million or 15.1%. The third quarter of 2008 consulting fees increased to $2.2 million, primarily due to contract labor cost related to our technology development efforts. In the reminder of '08, we will continue to develop the detailed planning, the design of our policy administration replacement system and as a result expect to incur external expenses of approximately $8 million. The third quarter of '07 included a charge of $4.3 million or a judgment against us in a lawsuit. Now, I'll just move on to our underwriting operations. Our insurance underwriting operations generated a profit of $0.3 million, compared to $6.2 million in the third quarter of '07. Our share of catastrophe losses as defined by the property and casualty group amounted to $2.9 million and $1.8 million in the third quarters of '08 and '07 respectively. The third quarter of '08 included flooding, tornado and windstorms related to Hurricane Ike, primarily in Ohio and Pennsylvania. The GAAP combined ratio from the company was 99.4% in third quarter of the year, compared to 88% last year. Our catastrophe losses contributed 5.7 points for the GAAP combined ratio for the third quarter of '08. Our catastrophe losses were 3.4 points in the third quarter of '07. Catastrophe losses incurred for the first nine months of '08 and '07 were $5.3 million and $3.2 million respectively and contributed 3.4 points and 2 points for the combined ratio respectively. Our 5.5% share of the property and casualty group's favorable development of prior accident year losses after removing the affects of salvage and subrogation recoveries was $0.2 million and $4 million and improved loss ratio by 4 points and 7.8 points in the third quarters of '08 and '07 respectably. Favorable development in '08 resulted from improvements in frequency trends and slight improvements in severity trends on our automobile bodily injury and uninsured underinsured motorist bodily injury. Overall, our private passenger auto loss trends have remained favorable. That concludes our prepared remarks. I just want to reiterate that despite this unprecedented disruption in the financial market, the Erie Indemnity Company and the companies of the Erie Insurance Group are in solid financial position and their underlying results are very strong.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Cecilia, we can open the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Michael Phillips with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Good morning, Michael.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Michael. How are you?
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good, thanks. Question first around Terry, your opening comments about we don't need to take large rate increases, I hear that I guess one question kind of a one specific question in homeowners. I'm hearing Maryland and kind of some surrounding fees for obviously your bread and butter, and the orders received from competitors take some, what I would call now modest rate increases. And so I guess just want to hear your thoughts on how you're different there, what your margins might be, allowing you not do the same thing?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we have historical preference to be able to move rates in a way that its not disrupted to our distribution systems that allows us to have a much more consistent approach to, to working with them in good times and bad. So, my commentary is not meant to belie the fact that we need rate in certain places and in certain lines of business and we will do, with a clear eye towards making sure there is a proper margin in that business. But I think that, we do run a business that, we don't want to do have peeks and values that are disruptive again to customers and to our agents and it service very, very well in terms of our ability to grow market share over a long period of time, three or five or 10 year cycle. And that's one of the things that I've been very impressed about in terms of my involvement here. So I can assure you, I have a keen eye towards underwriting profitability and that it's a balance between doing what's appropriate for the balance sheet and what's appropriate for the longer term strategy of the company.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks I guess, staying with homeowners for just a second, could you comment on, if we... forget about cat or what you have seen in homeowners in terms of either frequency and severity trends combined without cat?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we are really seeing too much of change over this last year in terms of either severity or frequency, in terms of our loss trends. We are not seeing anything in terms of the economic overview that might concern us. And I think clearly, the issue in the homeowners is the lack of production based upon the economic realities.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks Terry. Second question from me drills on the non-commission expense. I guess, are your assumptions for the 9% growth this year, does that exclude those charges in the third quarter of last year, 3.7 for severance and 4.3 for the quarter worth [ph], so you have back that $8 million robust does that include that already has that factor?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No its included, now you are going to say Michael that were only as 2% through nine months, how we are get the nine.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I was going to say that, yes.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, you were going to --
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You can get to nine if you go to fourth quarter around 20%.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, yes, well.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, more than 20.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well firstly, you got to look at fourth quarter last year where we had some inter-company reimbursements that resulted in very low salary and wage numbers in the fourth quarter for Erie Indemnity Company. So were coming off a smaller base in the fourth quarter of last year and we are going to have some substantial technology spend in the fourth quarter of this year. So take at look at that fourth quarter last year and you are going to see that the fourth quarter expenses were very low
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, now I see it looking like a big percent for the fourth quarter. Now, I see that. Thank you.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then I guess one last one from me. Back to some of Terry's comments, in the opening comments. Terry you're not going to Minnesota things, I understand that. You wanted, you said, reallocating some dollars, some hard dollars to grow in our current markets, profitable growth in our current markets. Can you just draw down a little more detail on where the reallocation's going to take place? You mentioned some things, but a little more detail on that.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. One, we're refocusing our efforts in terms of looking at the geography and seeing where we're underrepresented and we're not maximizing our take from a distribution standpoint. We also have probably a page of small technology fixes that were not being addressed because of our Minnesota project and so we have now reallocated those technology people to be able to tweak some of our commercial and personnel line capability to be able to go in and create some technology platforms for our agents that again we believe with better execution and focus on both the underwriting side and the sales side, we can do a better job of creating growth and margin in our existing territory.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot guys. I'll hop out for now.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thanks, Michael.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: [Operator's Instructions]. And we'll go next to Dan Schlemmer of FPK.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: Hi, good morning.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Good morning, Dan.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: Question on a comment you made during the opening remarks just about ratings and overall capital strength, seeing in competitors or how that'll impact the competitive, dynamic troubles that... excuse me, other insurers might be seeing? Are you seeing that yet or is that something you're expecting to see and what are you seeing in the market right now that's maybe driven by capital strength?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, f of all, Dan I didn't make any commentary on ratings. What I do believe is, though is in its sub-position currently, I have not seen in the market place currently, that based upon what we're seeing in terms of the results coming out both in terms of the capital market issues as well as the catastrophe losses that have occurred throughout the country. And within our footprint that we do believe that, there will be some dislocation or lack of focus by some of our competitors and we hope to take advantage of that, like we would in any normal situation. So I think we are clearly focused on doing, as we move into 2009. I think over the last year, Erie has done a great job of marshaling its resources and creating a more focused approach to both underwriting and sales management. I think we can take advantage of any kind of dislocation that may occur in '09.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: And what do you... what would you expect that to come through in, would it be more in terms rates or more in terms of PIF or would you expect to see it both ways or is there I guess a expectation on your part at this point?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think would, again I mentioned I mentioned a little bit before. One, if you have the dislocation, you should be getting more price for your product. And I think clearly we are beginning to see that in the personnel lines, I would say in the last year in our footprint, we... there're been more of our competitors and we have raised rates than decreased rates in various tiers for various products. And I also believe that if we execute effectively, we ought to be able to grow of our PIF which then should be able to grow revenue.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: And then going back again some of the earlier comments, you made some comments on the exchange and the premium, the surplus, etcetera. Is that where's that headed, I guess I was hoping you can give us a little information on their portfolio just because as we've see in October some pretty huge moves in the market and just trying to understand the likelihood that their problem could develop there as the market continues to tirade pretty widely obviously.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, did you... you can go to our website and you can... we provided some additional data, as I mentioned on my prepared remarks that we provided impairment charges by portfolio for each company, Indemnity Exchange and the Erie Family Life. We broke it down between bonds, preferred stocks and common stocks. So you can see where our impairment charges were and we listed the high profile defaults from Fannie, and Freddie and Lehman. So you can see where the impairment charges are for the exchange $324 million which brought our surplus down about $350 million for the quarter and for the year to $4.4 billion. But we are still very strongly capitalized. Now you can look at for instance the equity position of the exchange which is about $2.3 billion at September 30th, used a proxy of what's happened to the S&P 500 during the month of October and apply that times, 65% taking into account taxes and you'll know what the equity portfolio has decreased and how much it's affected the exchanges surplus in October.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: Yes. That's exactly what I was looking for and --
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That can leave the S&P 500s are down about 17% in October.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: Yes.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On that $2.3 billion number. You can do that math.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: Yes. Okay. Thank you. Last question, just wanted to check in on sort of a detailed number, but in the release, the workers comp, you give numbers on the average premium per policy. What's going on in the workers comp that we're seeing the huge decreases? Is that rates or are there are other dynamics that are impacting that new business, etcetera?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would suggest that it's a combination of some rate, some went into West Virginia, there was a smaller profile in terms of customer base there and the third thing is that we are seeing the effects of the economy, where just payrolls are going down and, therefore, we are getting less, where the exposure's going down.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: To you, it's not a significant amount of rate cutting there, is that?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: We've had some George [ph], we've had some jurisdictions obviously caught a lot of forces to take some rate down.
Unidentified Company Representative: Pennsylvania delivery was --
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, which is our biggest state for work comp. So, some has been forced. I think that trend's about to end in terms of what the industry is looking at. And we have obviously also some... we have a program that we are monitoring our workers compensation, underwriting and the loss trends closely. We've obviously got a continuing review of a medical costs and it has our attention.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller: Great. Thank you.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'd go next to Ron Bobman of Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Hi, good morning.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Ron, how are you?
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Great, thanks. I had a couple of questions. The first one is in the area of auto. And in the third quarter, I was wondering with the change in driving patterns that's been sort of much discussed in the industry, did you see an improvement in claim incidents as the third quarter progressed that you... that's sort of noteworthy?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: That is much talked about change, really it has not played out either way, either negatively or positively for... in our numbers and then quite frankly it was, gas now well below $3. I think the good old American driving habits are changing, getting back to where they were before. So we have not seen any empirical evidence in our claims numbers that would dictate that.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay and then, so you highlighted the ratings, the surplus at the exchange that it is an extraordinary, even despite third quarter impact, still an extraordinary amount of capital relative to the exposure with the writing. And I was wondering given sort of the depression, whether it be sort of private equity, transaction cost, or public equity markets, where your credit spread's widening. Is there any thought or plan to expose more of the balance sheet to sort of equities, everyone [ph] had called sort of equities or higher bonds or corporate credit to the opportunistic?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we have a pretty conservative portfolio, particularly in the fixed maturities, but we balance that with the higher yield on our equity portfolio and our alternatives. We're comfortable with our asset allocation as it is. We'll be talking about that with our investment committee going forward at the Board, but we're happy with our asset allocation. We think it has like I said the fixed maturities are very conservatively allocated. We don't have a lot of that high yielding stuff, we don't have a lot of junk there, but it is balanced with our equities, our equity exposure which is really substantial and our alternatives.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: I guess you experienced like all portfolios do, sort of the old fashion effective rebalancing, the equity suffering at this portion it's more of the hit than and the fixed income, the conservative income side of the house and so just by the share movements, there has been sort of a shifting I would think.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And you can see from our balance sheet, we are in these times, we want to be cautious and we have raised our liquidity profile, almost $300 million in cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: You are not putting more money back into equity, so as to return it to the what I called the pre-correction relationship?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we're not doing that at this point.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay. And I have third set of questions regarding sort of underwriting and in particular the C&P line and the workers comp line. I don't have a time series of sort of what's transpired, but it sort of looks to me that retention levels for those two lines of business are pretty flat, while at the same time for the last few quarters, rates, average rates for those types of policies, C&P and workers comp, have come down and obviously the... your combines are pretty darn poor. And so, I would, and I think this is... I don't think this is anything new, but I guess correct me if I am wrong why hasn't been... why hasn't there been more aggressive rate action which obviously would translate into higher average premiums, lower retentions and presumably better at least accident year picks for those lines of business, not to mention the calendar year picks which were even worse cause there's been adverse development.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, first of all, let me, C&P is being affected here in a quarter and for the year by storms. So the C&P line is really been affected along with the homeowners line during the quarter by Ike. We had about $60 million of losses.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Also, even in 114, by the end of C&P accident year combined excluding cat is 114.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Make the second last --
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think we've been affected in the C&P line by a couple of large claims in the year and also in the workers comp line by several large claims. Okay, so that's was going on in those lines.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ron, I wouldn't... it has my eyes on it, believe me. Commercial insurances is more frustrating in some ways than personnel because in many cases personnel that has been created today's is more systemized machined underwriting and pricing capability work even today, underwriting of commercial business is usually distributed throughout a field system and there is one over one underwriting judgments being done everyday by the competitors and ourselves. I am very excited about our capability as it improves, because one we don't have distributed underwriting, all of our underwriters sit in under one in this building and we are going to be focusing on making sure that they have the discipline to price the effectively. Obviously, we are in a comparative market. Our results I think are indicative of what the market looks like and it is obviously, market that needs to have some correction to it. So I look forward to having discussions in the future that would indicate that we are on top of this issue and improving those results.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: So Phil you mentioned sort of, for lack of a better word, sort of one-off, one-time, a couple of large losses in C&P and workers comp. What are the accident year or calendar year numbers for the nine months of '07? I thought my recollection was that you had pretty high combined figures for both those lines for some period of time?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, C&P for the calendar year for nine months is at a 100 and we have one very large claim in there, fire claim. Workers comp is at 107 through nine months. And there are two or three very large workers comp claims in there that we have this year.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay. Thanks a lot and best of luck and Phil I am sorry that you are going. Pleasure to follow the company all these years, you did a great job.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: You've got at least one more time. Alright?
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: That's right. Hopefully, I wouldn't mind if you do rise longer. Best of luck in the year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go next for Michael Phillips with Stifel, Nicolaus
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. Just two quick follow ups. The, I think I just missed this, the share repurchase suspension is July, did you say that suspension was going to effect?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. We remained cautious during the quarter taking a look at the market conditions and making sure we have the right look.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: We didn't suspend the repurchase.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: It was, I think it was suspended after July because it was block up for something.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, no, no.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we suspended it for a month after the end of the quarter until we were released.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's all that was.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're just informing you that that's the practice, where we are going to be utilizing going forward.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then finally, the operating tax rate, obviously lumpy this quarter. Can you just remind me what's kind of a good run rate for that going forward?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes you want to use about 33%, 34%.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is a... because of this big loss, Michael that's in there from Erie Family Life. It distorts the tax rate because the tax rate we use for that income is 7%. Okay, it's 20% or 35%. Okay.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yup.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I can explain that to you off line, but so when you have a large $10 million number that comes in, normally you don't even notice that number. But its an outsized number in our financial statements, the Erie Family Life loss. So that's what just distorting that a little bit.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Remember at 7% of the EFL line is the tax rate we use.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks, Phil.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am just following up on the impairment that we talked about earlier. I think it's important to note that we had a underlying our impairment strategy as a tax strategy on investments. So we realized significant before active risk [ph] realized significant capital losses. Because we have significant capital gain, capital loss carries by us in '05, '06 '07 as we've recognized significant capital gains during those periods of time. So our investment people are pro-actively managing the portfolio to generate capital losses so we can monetize our deferred tax assets. Now that translates into when you are looking at impairments is we no longer have the intent to hold some of these securities that because of tax selling that we would normally have the intent to hold and would not have impaired. So I think it's very important to our shareholders to know that both of the Exchange and the Erie Indemnity Company, that that is an underlying strategy that did affect our impairment numbers.
Michael Phillips - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we'll take a follow up from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Phil, my question was answered.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Okay.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Good
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Karen Kraus Phillips for any additional or concluding comments.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Just a reminder that the recording of the call will be posted on the website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 Eastern Time today. And as always if you have any questions, give me call at (814) 870-4665. Thanks again and make it a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference ladies and gentlemen. We appreciate your participation today and you may disconnect at any time. Have a great day.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thank you. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby we are about to begin. Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference. At the request of Erie Indemnity, this conference is being recorded for instant replay purposes. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following prepared remarks from management we'll open the call for question and answers. Now, I would like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Ms. Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thank you Patrick and good morning everyone. We appreciate all you joining us today. On today's call, management will discuss our second quarter 2008 results. Joining me are Terry Cavanaugh, President and CEO; our outgoing President and CEO, John Brinling; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Phil Garcia; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; Mike Sebastian, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations; and George Lucore, Executive Vice President, Field Operations. Today's prepared remarks will be approximately 30 minutes. Following those remarks we'll open the call for question. We issued our earnings release and additional supplement yesterday afternoon. If you need a copy of the press release or any of the exhibits you can find these in the investor relation section of our website at erieinsurance.com. We also filed Form 10-Q with the SEC. On today's call, the management of Erie Indemnity Company will share important information about current and future initiatives being undertaken at the company. As a result, certain forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainty. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. Many of the factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in the latest 10-Q filing with the SEC filed July 30, 2008, and in the related press release and 8-K. In this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the press release and in the supplement posted on our investor website at erieinsurance.com. This call is being recorded, and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today at 12:30 PM Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. And now I am very pleased to introduce Erie's new President and CEO, Terry Cavanaugh, Terry?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you Karen. Good morning and thanks for joining us on today's call. I will give you a little perspective on my transition to Erie before turning the call over to Phil Garcia to give the details on our second quarter results. Before I start telling you about myself, my feelings about being a member of the Erie team, and my observation on our second quarter, I'd first like to extend my personal thanks to John Brinling. After what I have seen in the past two days, I understand why he has such a fine choice to service as Interim President and CEO. John is respected and appreciated by employees and agents alike. In a short time I've known him, it is clear he leaves the golden rule. To my benefit John is postponing his retirement a few more weeks to help with this transition; for that I am very grateful. Thanks John for what you are doing for me, and of course for all that you have done for our company. If you got a chance to read the press release announcing my appointment you know that I am an insurance guy. I spent 33 years, my entire carrier, in the business working for chub in a variety of capacities. I know this business, and I have a deep understanding and appreciation for ERIE's operating model. Having said that this is only my third day on the job. So at this point I guess most of you have a longer and deeper history with the company than I do. But I can tell you I couldn't be more proud to be at the helm of this great company. Before I even thought about being a CEO, I knew about the strength of the ERIE brand, very customer and Asian focused and the reputation of ERIE's people, to always want to do the right thing. And thinking about the CEO job, these were the things that came to mind. ERIE has a great history and a strong operating platform. I think the company is poised to take advantage of its skills and market conditions to continue to grow customers and strengthen the relationship with ERIE agents, our distribution system. Over the next several weeks, I will spend time with our employees and agents only about opportunities we need to advance and challenges we need to address. I am also looking forward to meeting many of you and hearing your perspectives about the ERIE. On our third quarter call, I expect to give you my thoughts on how we are going to keep ERIE moving forward and produce greater value for our shareholders. Now on to second quarter results. When I look at our second quarter results, it's obvious that investment market conditions have had an impact. Our investment revenue showed a significant decline compared to our second quarter 2007. This is an endemic issue within and outside our industry and I don't see it changing anytime soon. Despite soft market conditions, ERIE did grow total policies enforced by 2.5%. To put that number in perspective private passenger auto new business increased 4.8%, home owners' new business decreased 2.5% and commercial lines new business policies enforced increased 9.6%. The company also turned in a solid retention rate of 90.4%. This helped to offset reductions and written premium that results in a flat revenue growth in our management operations segment compared to a year earlier. In our underwriting operations, the combined ratio continued to be positive even though higher than our outstanding result ERIE saw in the second quarter last year. Our GAAP combined ratio for Erie Indemnity Company was 93.7. The result was affected by increased losses in the current accident year, particularly increases in home owner severity and three catastrophic workers compensation claims. I am going to turn it over now to Phil, to take us through the numbers. Phil?
Philip A. Garcia, CPA, FLMI, ACS: Thanks Terry and good morning everybody. For the second quarter of 2008 our net income decreased by 41.4% to $41.3 million from $70.5 million at June 30, 2007. On a per diluted share basis, net income decreased to $0.71 in the second quarter of '08 compared to $1.11 last year. Our net operating income per share decreased by 19.6% to $0.87 in the second quarter of '08 compared to $1.09 last year. As Terry mentioned the earnings decreased in the second quarter was mainly a result of a reduction in investment revenues due to $12.4 million of impairment charges and $4.6 million of changes in fair value on our common stock in accordance with FAS 159. We also had a decrease of $8.9 million in equity in earnings of our limited partnerships. I'll talk about those issues in more detail when I review our investment operations results. First, let's look at the results of our management operations. Our management fee revenue was flat as our direct written premiums of the property casualty group remained level in the second quarter of '08 compared to the second quarter of '07. As you know our management fee rate was 25% for the second quarters of both '08 and '07. As you know we frequently evaluate our pricing and currently we estimate that our pricing actions that are improved and filed and considered for filing could reduce the direct return premiums of the property casualty group by about $31.5 million during 2008. Approximately $17.3 million of the total occurred in the first half of '08. Most significant rate reductions effective in '08 are in workers' compensation in Pennsylvania and a home owner's rate reduction in Maryland. Our segmented pricing in Auto and home where we offer lower prices... lower prices to better risks has accelerated decline in our average premium per policy. Given our accident year last experience from the market conditions we are seeing... we are projecting premium rate increases of about 0% to 1% overall for 2009. The trend towards increased policy growth continued in the second quarter 2008 as our policies enforce and new written premium continued to decline. Our year-over-year policies enforce grew 2.5% or about 98,000 policies to 3,945,000 policies at June 30, 2008, compared to year-over-year growth of 66,000 policies in the second quarter of '07. Our policy retention rate as Terry mentioned improved to 90.4% at the end of the second quarter '08 compared to 89.9 at the end of the second quarter last year. Premiums generated from new business increased 1% to $113.5 million from $112.4 million in the second quarter of '08 compared to '07. The new business year-over-year average premium per policy was $866 and $852 at June 30th of '08 and '07 respectively, an increase of 1.6%. The total cost to management operations increased by 2.8% during the second quarter of '08. Commissions to our independent agents as you know make up the majority of these costs. Our commissions in the second quarter of '08 reflect a decrease in the estimate for our agent bonuses of about $2.3 million, which was offset by an increase in normal and accelerated rate commissions of $1.8 million or 1.5% to $125.6 million in the second quarter of '08. On June 1, 2008, we implemented a new tiered payment structure to replace the $50 bonus we have been paying on new private passenger auto applications. The new structure pays up between $50 and $200 per policy based on the number of qualifying new private passenger auto policies and agency issues. The cost of this program is expected to be around $9 million on an annualized basis. The original estimate for the $50 private passenger bonus was about $6 million annualized for 2008. On July 1st, we also increased commissions on certain commercial lines new business premiums from 15% to 20%. The increased commercial commission resulted in point... about $0.5 million of additional commission expense in the second quarter on un-collected premium balances for new commercial policies at June 30, 2008. The full impact of this commission increase is expected to be approximately $1.5 million for the remainder of '08 and about $2 million on an annualized run rate basis. Accelerated commissions were also higher because of the new agencies appointed during the year. Cost to management operation excluding commissions, increased $5.8 million or 9.8% of the second quarter of '08. Our personal... personnel cost increased by 4.9% in the second quarter of '08 compared to '07 primarily as a result of $1 million charge for executive severance cost. Excluding the severance charge, personnel cost rose 2%. Sales and policy issuance cost increased 32.3% due to a $1.3 million increase in advertising expense. All other operating costs increased 14.6% driven by a $2.2 million increase in consulting fees, primarily related to our current technology program. Our estimate for growth in non-commission operating expenses for the year 2008 is 13%, due to our higher planned IT spend, which I'll describe more fully in a minute, increased executive severance cost, hire agency related expenses and advertising cost. The increases in technology expenses we are incurring are just significantly enhance the functionality of our processing and agency interface systems through selective replacement of key system components. This work will improve the ease of doing business with our agents by enhancing agent and employee productivity and access to information. In 2007, we started looking at options for replacing our policy administration system and that process continued during first half of this year. In the second half of 2008 we will be developing the design of the policy administration replacement system. As we disclosed in our first quarter release, we anticipate additional IT expense excluding our internal labor for this project in the second half of 2008 to approximate about $10 million. During the second quarter of 2008 we made some short term enhancements to our systems to improve the ease of doing business for our agents. Some of these enhancements include a 24 hour batch cycle, personalized downloads into agency management systems and continued upgrades to our existing agency interface, DS pro. Now I will provide you with some highlights of our underwriting operations. Our insurance underwriting operations continued to perform profitability in the second quarter of '08 generating a profit of $3.2 million compared to underwriting profit of $7.9 million in the second quarter of '07. The property and casualty groups adjusted statutory combined ratio at June 30 2008 was 87% compared to 77.7% at June 30, 2007. The GAAP combined ratio for the company was 93.7% in the second quarter of this year compared to 84.8% last year. Development of prior accident year loss reserves remained favorable improving the loss ratio of 3.9 points or $2 million in the second quarter of '08 compared to an improvement of 4.3 points in the second quarter of '07. The favorable development was concentrated in the auto bodily injury and uninsured... underinsured motorists, bodily injury coverage. Our catastrophe losses contributed 3 points and 2.2 points to the GAAP combined ratio in the second quarters of '08 and '07 respectively. Finally, I'll review highlights of our investment operations. The company's investment operations recorded income of $7.9 million during the second quarter of '08 compared to $37.8 million for the same period in '07. We had $12.4 million of impairment charges in the second quarter of '08, mostly on securities issued by entities in the financial service industry sector due to continued declines in the fair value of those investments. In addition, our net realized losses on investments during the quarter included $4.6 million of valuation adjustments on our common stocks as I previously spoke about; recognize the result of our adopting FAS-159. For the six months ended June 30 '08 and '07 impairment charges on the fixed maturities were $14 million and $1.6 million respectively and impairment charges on preferred stock were $10.4 million and $0.4 million. Earnings from our limited partnerships were $11 million for the quarter versus 20 million for the second quarter of '07. Our private equity and mezzanine debt limited partnerships generated earnings of $7.2 million and $8.1 million for the quarters ended June 30th '08 and '07. And our real estate limited partnerships generated earnings of $4.1 million and $12.1 million in those same periods. The reduced earnings by our real estate limited partnerships are a result of a slowdown in the residential real estate markets. Finally, as part of our capital management program during the second quarter of '08 we purchased more that 7037,000 shares of our outstanding class A common stock under our stock repurchase plan; it was authorized in February of '06. The shares were repurchased at a cost of $36.9 million or $49.97 per share. In April of 2008, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 100 million of repurchases under this plan through June 30, 2009 of which $94.2 million was outstanding on June 30, 2008.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you, Phil. Before we open the call for questions, I wanted to update you on our agent recruitment efforts. Our recruitment goal for 2008 is 140 new agents by yearend. Through the second quarter, we've appointed 84 new agencies bringing our total representation to 2016 agencies throughout our system. We are also making good progress on our plans to enter Minnesota and are on target to begin writing business there by September 1, 2009. We've done some staff recruiting during the last quarter that has already sparked considerable interest from our independent agents in that state. One last item before we take you questions. The company has some very positive news in July. The ERIE received the 2008 JD Power and Associates award for highest customer satisfaction with the auto insurance purchase experience. The award was a result of Erie's. top ranking in 2008. JD Power New Auto Insurance buyer study. This recognition by our newest policy holders affirms my thinking about the company; it is a testament to the extreme focused Erie employees and agents have on exceeding customer expectations. Thank you for your attention. I think we are ready to open the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go first to Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, good morning and welcome, I guess [ph], Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you.
Philip A. Garcia, CPA, FLMI, ACS: Good morning Meyer.
Meyer Shields: How are you Phil and how are you self [ph]? I guess a fundamental question; can you talk a little about the rate increases you are seeing in personnel and commercial lines for the insurance that you are targeting?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Sure, Meyer. In the market we are in I might speak mostly about auto... the auto line. We see very rational pricing out there in the marketplace? I think you heard on some of the other calls of what we are seeing is modest increases in personal auto almost across the board, some minor decreases but mostly increases and we will see that in our jurisdictions, but we think it's very rational.
Meyer Shields: On the commercial side?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Well on commercial our average premium continues to drop as you have seen and I think commercial is a little bit more competitive and you are seeing more price decreases in commercial than your in personal lines.
Meyer Shields: And with regard to the decreases you have taken before, we've clearly seen an up-tick in the retention in new business. But can you talk a little bit about how the changes match up with your expectations when you took decreases?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: You mean the changes in retention?
Meyer Shields: Yes.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Well. When people open their renewals and they don't see large increases they tend not to shop and so what's happening in out there in micro environment price wise also affects our retention. And so, rationale... the pricing's been very rational and so people aren't shopping and so we actually... our retention is about where we projected it would be at this point.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's great. Thanks, so much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Dan Schlemmer with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Dan Schlemmer: Hi, good morning, welcome Terry.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you.
Dan Schlemmer: Question on just understanding the loss ratio and looking at it year-over-year the 55.6 went up to 63.8 and sort of reading through the tax I get about 2% on pricing year-over-year if I'm reading it right and about maybe 1 point from prior year development and another point from catastrophes. So, I guess I read into that about 4% loss ratio deterioration from loss trends, and am I my reading that accurately or I missing something there just in terms of the actual... way I am calculating that about 4 point of loss ratio trend, does that make sense?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Yes, you've got a extra point of caps; from you are talking about the quarter right.
Dan Schlemmer: Yeah.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Yes, because the year is a little different. But for the quarter we have an extra point of cap, and we had a little bit less in development this year than we did last year in the second quarter, right?
Dan Schlemmer: Yes.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: And then about a couple... 2.5 points of accident year deterioration, right?
Dan Schlemmer: Okay.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: From a combination of severity and frequency and price.
Dan Schlemmer: Yes, I guess maybe I was hoping can you break that... break it... break that out in terms of frequency in severity and probably the one thing that people are, I think, starting to see in the macro economy is gas prices and how that's affecting auto trends. But just over all where you are seeing the frequency and severity trends break out favorable or unfavorably most significantly?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Yes, our frequency trends continued to be positive, our actuaries kind of news on this... on whether the gas prices are causing a change in frequency. They believe that when gas prices come back down, that we will see the return to the same frequency trend. And so that's not something necessarily that they are looking to price into the product going forward. So, we are seeing continued frequency... positive frequency trends and moderating severity trends. That deterioration in our accident year result is mostly result of our price actions, which you've seen... our price actions have trended down in 2008 and our estimates for 2009 are trending down... trending down from where they were, they are actually up about half a point, yes.
Dan Schlemmer: I am sorry; can you clarify that last point, trending down?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Well you will see that we are taking price decreases in 2008 in the calendar year 2008 of about $31 million and our guidance in this Q is for 2009 of 0 to 1% increase.
Dan Schlemmer: Right, got you.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: That's down from what we disclosed in the first quarter, Dan.
Dan Schlemmer: Yes.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Yes.
Dan Schlemmer: Can you further comment on the... your growth rate in policies enforce is pretty favorable. In particular if you look back at some of these charts that show sort of what's the growth rate's been over the last couple of years and pretty much everything's moving in the right direction on almost every one of your segment. So, the rate decreases seems... I am aware that there's lot of rate decreases in the market and you have to stay competitive but given how well you are doing with policy enforce, it's a little bit surprising that you're taking aggregate decreases? Can you sort of comment on what the rational there is or why it seems like there's a little bit of a disconnect between you take rate decreases at the same time as you are already seeing good test growth?
Philip A. Garcia, CPA, FLMI, ACS: I just... as an observation I would make over the last 48 hours is that I've seen a significantly vibrant organization and I just... last night I spent four hours with an agency group that does a lot of business with us and I can assure you that the... the organization has been very focused over the last 12 months under John's direction and they are very, very excited about the capabilities of the ERIE both in terms of our field organization and the product capability that we are building in our corporate offices here. And so I think you are seeing sort of a dissection of two events occurring and that's why we are more confident in terms of the fact that we are going to be able take rate modestly in 2009 and you couple that then with the very focused ERIE organization in terms of field and home office and I think we are looking forward to a much more competitive playing field.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: We have seen in our auto business and you have seen quarter after quarter Dan that we have had positive trends in prior reserve estimates in particularly in automobile bodily injury and uninsured... under insured motors... un-insured and under insured motors. So, we factor that under indications and it allow us to moderate our price a little bit and we want to provide a competitive price for our agents out there too.
Dan Schlemmer: Great.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: We already... we are growing the units nicely.
Dan Schlemmer: Thanks. Last question just real quick. I think you went live with West Virginia workers comp about a month ago. I'm just curious early read on that is that P&L; is there a significant amount pick up there, what you are seeing in that market, just curious?
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Mike, why don't you answer that question?
Michael S. Zavasky, CPCU, CIC, ARe: Dan, we are seeing the... about exactly what we expected. We went through a lot of trading with our agents, gave them a program, got them comfortable with how to operate in the workers comp market that they never operated in before. It's proven to have been a good strategic move. Business is coming in on at about the level we anticipated it being and I'm real pleased with the quality of the business that we are seeing as well.
Dan Schlemmer: Great, thank you.
Terrence W. Cavanaugh: Thank you Dan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And it appears we have no additional questions and I would be returning the call back over to the management team for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Kraus Phillips: Thanks Patrick. Just a reminder to everyone that the call will be posted on our website erieinsurance.com after 12:30 Eastern Time today. And as always if you have any questions, please give me call at 814-870-4665. Thanks again and make it a great day.
Operator: This concludes today conference. We thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and VP of Corporate Communications and Investor Relation John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and CEO Philip A. Garcia - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton Ron Bobman - Capital Returns
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference. At the request of Erie Indemnity, this conference is being recorded for instant replay purposes. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following prepared remarks from Management, we will open the call for questions and answers. Now, I would like to turn the introduction -- now I'd like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relation: Thank you, Mara, and good morning everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us today. On today's call, Management will discuss our first quarter 2008 results. Joining me are John Brinling, President and CEO; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Phil Garcia; Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; Mike Zavasky, Executive Vice President, Insurance Operations;, and George Lucore, Executive Vice President, Field Operations. Today's prepared remarks will be approximately 30 minutes. Following those remarks, we will open the call for your questions. We issued our earnings release and additional supplements yesterday afternoon. If you need a copy of the press release or any of the exhibits, you can find these in the Investor Relations section on our website at erieinsurance.com. We also filed Form 10-Q with the SEC. On today's call, the Management of Erie Indemnity Company will share important information about current and future initiatives being undertaken at the company. As a result, certain forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. Many of the factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in our latest 10-Q filing with the SEC dated April 30, 2008, and in the related press release and 8-K. In this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the press release and in the supplement posted on our investor website at erieinsurance.com This call is being recorded, and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior written consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website today after 12:30 PM Eastern time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast, broadcast and use of your name, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. And now Erie's President and CEO, John Brinling. John?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, and thanks for joining us this morning. Today Phil and I will talk briefly about our first quarter 2008 results, and then we'll get to your questions. Before I start into our discussion of the first quarter, I want to thank those of you who attended our Annual Shareholders' Meeting held here at our home office on April 22. For your information, we posted Phil and my remarks with slides on the Investment section of our public website, erieinsurance.com. We also issued a press release following the meeting announcing the election of our 11 Board of Directors for 2008, and the reappointment of our executive management team. At its meeting following the Shareholders' Meeting, our Board approved an additional $100 million share repurchase program that will go into effect as soon as the remaining funds are expended in the current program. Phil will be talking about that during his review of our investment operation results. Now for our first quarter discussion; looking at our consolidated statement of operations, it's obvious that net income per share was affected by the performance of our investment operations. That's not surprising given the volatility we have seen in the financial markets. Phil will review in greater detail what's happening there. But in general, we recorded some impairment charges on bonds and preferred stocks. In addition, the market value change on our common stocks for the quarter was also reflected in our realized losses on investments. These effects combined resulted in net realized losses in investments of $25.6 billion [ph] pre-tax during the quarter. Our operating earnings per share, however, remained strong. While we're beginning to see a turnaround in personalized pricing, property casualty insurance industry is still being affected by soft market conditions, which has put pressure on direct written premiums of the reinsurance exchange. Despite the continued drop in average premium per policy, we were able to hold direct written premiums flat with our first quarter 2007 results. This was due to a year-over-year increase in policies in-force of 2.5%, with new business policies in-force increasing by 4.8%, and renewal business retention increasing to 90.4%. Two agency incentives acted as a stimulus for this result. The $50 bonus for new to Erie Private Passenger auto policies that began in July of 2006, and a new all-lines incentive trip that started in October 2007 and runs through September of this year. March 2008 production was impacted by a few factors, including the early Easter holiday and our annual dinner meeting contest launched in April 2008 several weeks later than last year, which did affect our policy sales for the quarter. So we saw an uptick in new business and retention during the first quarter, which resulted in a slight increase in management fee revenue. However, a modest increase in the expenses offset the increase in management fee revenue. We are projecting that increase in expenses will be about 9% for 2008, primarily driven by information technology expenses as we begin replacement of our policy administration system. We also generated underwriting profit of $4.1 million in the quarter, with low catastrophe losses. Generally, the first quarter of our -- best underwriting quarter due to the seasonality in our results. Phil will get into the details on all of this in a minute. Our agent recruitment strategy is key to our continued growth in policies. We expect to bring on 140 new agencies in 2008 throughout our geographic territory. During the first quarter, we appointed 46 new agencies, so we're on pace to meet our goal. We're looking at both scratch agencies and existing agencies that will make Erie the lead carrier in their business. We're also continuing our work to enter Minnesota in 2009. As part of this effort, during the first quarter, we started to make our presence known to agents in the State to assess preliminary interest. Early indications are that it's going well, and Erie will be a very welcomed addition in the State. Phil, I'll turn the call over to you to review our first quarter financials.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning everyone. For the first quarter 2008, net income decreased by 46.8% to $30 million from $56.4 million at March 31, 2007. On a per diluted share basis, net income decreased to $0.51 in the first quarter of 2008 compared to $0.88 last year. Our net operating income per share decreased by 9.7% to $0.78 in the first quarter of 2007 [ph] compared to $0.86 per share last year. As John mentioned, the earnings decrease in the first quarter was driven by our net realized losses on investments due to changes in fair value in our common stock since we adopted FAS-159. We also recorded some impairment charges in our bonds and preferred stock, and I'll talk about those issues in more detail when I review our investment operations results. First to the management operation; our management fee revenue was basically flat in the first quarter. We were able to offset the decrease in direct written premium from rate decreases by our property casualty group by increasing our policies in-force, and improving our policy retention rate. Our management fee rate, as you know, was 25% for the first quarters of both '08 and '07. We regularly evaluate our pricing and currently estimate that pricing actions are proved, filed, and considered for filing could reduce the direct written premium for the property casualty group by about $23.2 million during 2008. This is a slightly larger decrease than the $8.8 decrease we projected at year-end. The additional rate decreases are driven by mandated rate rollbacks in Maryland homeowners, and Workers' Comp Bureau loss cost changes in Pennsylvania's workers' comp business. Segmented pricing in both auto and home where we offer lower prices to better risks has also accelerated the decline in average premium per policy. However, as we indicated on the fourth quarter call, we do believe we'll see moderation in pricing declines with evidence of some of the larger national companies taking rate increases in private passenger, auto and homeowners. Given our accident year loss experience and the market conditions we are seeing at this time, we continue to project premium rate increases of about 2% or 3% overall for 2009. The trend toward increased policy growth continued in the first quarter of 2008; policies in-force and new written premiums continued to climb. Our policy retention rate also continues to improve. Our year-over-year policies in-force grew by over 94,000 policies, or 2.5% to over 3.9 million policies at March 31, 2008 compared to a growth of about 50,000 policies in the first quarter of '07. Our new business premiums increased 3.3% to $94.5 million in the first quarter of '08 compared to $91.5 million in the first quarter of '07. The year-over-year average premium per policy was $969 and $991 at March 31, '08 and '07 respectively, a decrease of 2.2%. The total cost to management operations increased by 0.7% during the first quarter of '08. Commissions to our independent agents make up the majority of these costs, as you know. Commissions decreased $1.1 million in the first quarter of '08, reflecting a decrease in the estimate for our agent bonuses. The decrease was offset by an increase in normal and accelerated rate commissions, driven by an increase in certain workers' compensation commission rates, and the higher accelerated commissions due to more newly-appointed agents. The costs of the $50 Private Passenger Auto bonus, which we began in the second quarter of '06, were $1.4 million in the first quarter of '08. The cost of management operations, excluding commission costs, increased 4% for the first quarter of '08. Personnel costs our second largest component in the cost of management operations, increased 9% or $3.1 million. This includes some expenses for our management incentive plans, which increased $1.8 million. The first quarter of '08 also includes $1.1 million for severance costs for an Executive Officer who resigned during the quarter. All other operating costs decreased 4.9%, primarily due to $1.4 million decrease in professional fee expense. Our estimate for growth in non-commission operating expenses for the year 2008 is around 9%. As John mentioned, much of the increase will be spent on information technology, as we begin our policy administration system replacement program in the second half of 2008. We believe the additional expense for this program in 2008 will be about $10 million. Now, we'll move on to the underwriting operations segment of the income statement. Our insurance underwriting operations continue to perform profitably in the first quarter of '08, generating an underwriting profit of $4.1 million compared to $5.6 million in the first quarter of '07. The property and casualty group's adjusted statutory combined ratio at March 31, '08 was 88.9% compared to 85.5% at March 31, '07. The GAAP combined ratio for the company was 92.1% in the first quarter of this year compared to 89.2% last year. We continue to recognize favorable development of prior accident year loss reserves, which reflect the same trends we were seeing at year-end, improving the loss ratio 5.3 points, or $2.7 million in the first quarter 2008 compared to 10.3 points in the first quarter of '07. The Indemnity Company share of catastrophe losses totaled $0.8 million and $0.3 million in the first quarters of 2008 and '07. Our catastrophe losses contributed 1.6 points and 0.5 points to the GAAP combined ratio in the first quarter of '08 and '07. As we have reminded you previously, the first quarter is generally our best in terms of underwriting results, as underwriting losses are seasonally higher in the second and fourth quarters, so our combined ratio generally increases as the year progresses. In the first quarter of '08, our share of the reduction to reserves related to seasonality adjustments was $3.5 million compared to $3.3 million in the first quarter of '07. Finally, I'd like to review our investment operations. The company's Investment Operations recorded a loss of $5.2 million during the first quarter '08 compared to a gain of $29.8 million for the same period in '07. As I mentioned during the fourth quarter call, beginning in 2008, we adopted an accounting change that affects how we account for certain assets in our investment portfolio, and as you can see from our 10-Q, we adopted the fair value option for our common stock portfolio only under FAS-159 effective January 1, 2008. This portfolio was previously accounted for as an available for sale portfolio where changes in the fair value of those assets were reflected in shareholders equity. In the first quarter of '08, our realized losses on investments from changes in the fair value of the common stock were $13.7 million. At the same time, we also recorded impairment charges of $11.9 million pre-tax on our bonds and preferred stock investment. The write-downs were due to continued declines in fair value and credit deterioration on securities in the financial service industry sector; the majority of the impairments relate to securities that are performing in line with anticipated or contractual cash flow. Our private equity and mezzanine debt limited partnerships generated earnings of $5.4 million and $6 million for the quarters ended March 31, '08 and '07. Our real estate limited partnerships generated earnings of $2.6 million and $6.5 million in the first quarters of 2008 and '07. Our earnings from limited partnerships were still strong in '08, but reduced from our very strong earnings from partnerships in '07, reflecting more challenging conditions in the markets in which we have invested. Also during the first quarter of '08, we were a very active repurchaser of our stock. We repurchased 1,204,651 shares of our outstanding Class-A common stock for a total cost of $60.9 million, or $50.54 per share. As John indicated, our Board of Directors approved an additional $100 million stock repurchase, which becomes effective immediately after the available funds from the current repurchase program are expended. At April 15, 2008, we had $14 million remaining under the current plan, which was scheduled to conclude December 31, 2008. Under the newly-approved program the Company may repurchase up to 100 million of it outstanding Class-A common stock through June 30, 2009. The Company may repurchase those shares from time-to-time in the open market or by privately-negotiated transactions, depending on prevailing market conditions and, of course, the alternative uses of the Company's capital. Thanks for your attention this morning. I'll now open up the call for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We take our first question from Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, good morning everybody.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relation: Good morning Michael
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Michael
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Couple of questions; first probably a couple part question on the new policy administration system and impact on non-commission expenses, a couple parts around that. One just what are the benefits of the new system; help me understand what that's going to bring you, and then kind of the second part of that is how you think about the increasing expenses there in light of what that might to do the margins here in 2008.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Michael, this is John Brinling, and thanks for your question. There's a number of things that we would like to progress to, and principal among them is a real-time system. The system that we have right now is a batch system, meaning that the processing is really done overnight in a batch. So that causes some problems in terms of doing multiple changes that are done in sequence, they need to be done overnight, and so it spreads it out over a couple of day, where more modern technology would give us real time, so we could do those sequentially in no time at all. There's also other benefits that we'd realize, particularly in terms of interface with our agents being able to download to their systems and so forth. So there's a number of functional things that we would benefit from, and quite frankly, some improved processes that would allow us to operate much more efficiently with less man, person power here at the home office. So we could gain some financial advantages by reducing personnel here in the processing area and be able to service our policyholders and agents more efficiently.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Phil, Michael. Particularly in commercial lines where we have a lot more employees involved in processing policies, so part of that is going to be replacing our commercial system, which is pretty antiquated and involves a lot of human interaction to get a policy processed. So, we'll have a lot greater productivity in the commercial side of the house. We gave you the guidance that we gave you because obviously, this is going to affect our margins. Without that $10 million investment, non-commission operating expenses would have grown in the 5% to 6% range. So we wanted to give you that guidance so you could factor it in going forward. But obviously, it's going to affect our margins. We've got to manage the installation of the system so that we get the productivity gains we want to have.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And Michael, I wanted to add one more thing. I didn't want to signal any layoffs or anything like that. We've been able to handle these kinds of improvements through attrition and retraining of our people. So we've been able to do this kind of improvement in the past without having to resort to that.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, yes. Great, thanks. I appreciate that. That's helpful. Second question is to your commission expenses, and you mentioned before some slight increase to comp expenses, workers' comp expenses or at least commission expenses back in late '07 I think. Anything you're thinking of in terms of '08 for other lines or other segments with changes just in scheduled rate commissions?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're always looking at ways to incent production, profitable production. But we don't have anything that we're ready to announce at this point, Michael.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. You did mention agent bonuses down a bit this quarter. I know they're based on a three-year profitability. I assume 2008 means 2008 minus two years; is that correct first of all?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. They're on a three-year rolling and we're this year looking at the three best years in our history I believe. So, our projections are that our loss experience will deteriorate some, which will bring the most recent year down. There's also a change in the way we handle our life bonuses, and those were paid through the Indemnity Company in the past and reimbursed by the Life Company, and we've changed that. So that's affecting the change as well.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: That's fine. I just wanted to confirm based on probably a slight deterioration of margin in 2008, which I think is everybody's expectation, but that's kind of what I was thinking there and that's what you're confirming there.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct. '05 will drop off, we'll have '08 added.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Sorry. Okay.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So we're predicting, as John said, some slight deterioration in our underwriting results, and so the bonus comes down a little bit.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, perfect. And then the last question; you mentioned in your comments and in the Q you talked about expected rate reductions to continue to be solid in 2008. And so you gave some reasons for that in your comments. Can you talk about kind of just the magnitude of how that's going to continue in '08 versus what we saw in 2007 as far as rate reductions, given also I guess in light of what John's earlier comments the kind of the market is starting to turn a bit?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. Well, the changes that we announced were pretty modest. At yearend, we said that we thought our rate changes for '08 would be a minus $8 million, which is really nothing on a $4 billion premium base. We've extended that to $23 million. So, a $15 million delta there. It's due to some rate decreases that were mandated in Maryland Home that we had to take, and some minor work comp changes we had to take in Pennsylvania because of the Bureau. It was the loss comp adjustment for the Work Comp Bureau in Pennsylvania. So it's still only $23 million out of $4 billion. So, it's a modest decline. And you saw in our forward-looking comments around 2009 that we're thinking about a 2% to 3% increase, average rate increase in 2009.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Perfect, thanks a lot. I'll pop back off, and I might hop back on in a second. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Dan Schlemmer with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on a nice quarter. Following up sort of on the last question in the rates, can you give us a little more breakdown of by line, and if there's any upward pricing or if it's all downward, just spread across all lines, et cetera? In particular, if you can maybe give us a little background on whether your rate actions are mostly you think mirroring the market or if it's a response to market or what, how it fits in across the general market conditions, that would be great. Thank you.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Phil just outlined the immediate more long-term, because as you know, the rate actions we take now really don't kick in until '09 and beyond. We're looking overall at a rather modest increase in the neighborhood of 3% looking into '09 and '10. That's pretty much just keeping up with inflation. So, I would say that we're somewhat reflecting the market. We're certainly not leading it in terms of rate increases, but we do see particularly after three years of significant rate decrease, we see that leveling off.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Can you talk about which areas are seeing the most change, or I mean just sort of break it down a little bit, what proportion of that is auto and home versus comp, et cetera on the rate action?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that detail at my fingertips, but it's pretty well spread out. We are trying to take it, particularly where the competition will allow us to, both in terms of lines and territories. So, we're not doing it en masse, but we're doing it specifically by line and by territory. And honestly, we're working on it right now Dan. In fact, I can tell you we're working on it right now.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Sort of on a separate note, but related your policy retention numbers have somewhat favorable trend. Just curious what you attribute the underlying causes, whether it's rate or agent incentives or the overall market, etc., just any background you can give on your view of the changes in those policy retention and the underlying causes.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd like to think that principal among it is our service. We focus on giving above all in service to our policyholders have gotten a lot of positive comments in a recent Newsweek and on JD Power. So I'd like first of all to think that our policyholders are satisfied with the claim and non-claim service that they're receiving. But I think second of all, Dan, there's less shopping going on. Customers are not being shocked by rate increases, so they're not spending as much time shopping the market for price, and with the anticipation of switching. So I think it's a combination of our rate reductions and the fact that they're satisfied with our service, and just overall in the marketplace softening and less shopping going on.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Yes. Great, thank you. Last question, talking about the change in the accounting you adopted for the equities, it looks like I think 10% of your investments are in equities ballpark. But is that seems to me looking forward, am I right in thinking through that that you're going to see an increase in the variability of your earnings stream, even though you don't have any change in the actual underlying fundamentals. Is that accurate or am I thinking through that correctly?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. You're going to see more volatility in the net income number. Obviously, we also report our operating income number where we back that out, and I know you guys follow that more than our income number.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Yes.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: But they have a net income number that's going to bounce around because now our $100 million common stock portfolio every quarter is going to be mark-to-market through realized capital gains and losses. So you're thinking about it exactly right Dan.
Dan Schlemmer - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Dan. [Operator Instructions]. We move now to Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Hi, thanks a lot. Congrats on the nice results.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Ron.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relation: Thanks, Ron. Hi.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Ron.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Hi. I had a couple of questions and I missed something that Phil said in the prepared remarks. But it may have been explained in the Q&A earlier. So you were talking about drivers of, I think, premium growth going forward, and I missed part of your sentence where you talked about workers' comp. And I'm sorry, I didn't know whether that was sort of whatever was going on with workers' comp was a plus or a minus. Was that just the Pennsylvania sort of loss cost fact in there?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. What I was referring to when I referred to workers' comp was the price increases we took in Pennsylvania Workers' Comp in conjunction with the Bureau lost cost reductions.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And it's factored into the $3 million 2008 premium reductions that we are forecasting.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Got you. So I guess the increasing to 23, that delta is partly attributable to that.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay, and my next question, I think John mentioned the new business, discussing again sort of the premiums and the drivers being retention improving, rates going down a bit, and then a pickup in new or at least new business being up 4 some odd percent. And I was wondering if, what the mix of new business look like? Is it largely sort of the same distribution of business, auto, home, and commercial in their relatives that the in-force book has been, or is there any sort of marginal shift towards one category segment account side?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ron, there hasn't been any significant shift in our mix. So it's spread over our personal lines, auto and home protector and commercial.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We also show you Ron, this is Phil, in the press release and the Q, you can see how our policies in-force are growing. So that really is the basic mix. And you can see that auto is growing a little bit more slowly than the other lines. I think our 12-month year-over-year auto growth is about 1.2, which is a little slower. Obviously; we were growing 2.5. So the auto growth has been a little slower. And that's something we want to turn around.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Got you. And then I think John you mentioned there were two incentive programs agent-focused, I assume it was this past quarter, the $50 bonus, and then there was maybe these were new ones, that trip.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, one of them we've had since the summer of 2006 and that's a $50 per application for auto that's new to us, and that's been ongoing now going on close to two years. The second was a travel incentive that we announced in October of '07. We're taking the successful agents to St. Kitts in March I believe it is of '09 and the incentive ends the end of September this year.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Got you. And then is it I was curious. What I'm trying to understand is whether the incentives are product-focused. You mentioned the $50 was in new auto. Is the trip product-focused or is the contest, the winning agent like you said --?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're right, Dan. The $50 is auto focused, but the incentive trip has a point system for nearly all of our products not all of our products, but nearly all of our products. And it's spread over personal lines, commercial lines, and life so that an agent can focus into one area and make the trip or do a mix of business and through combination of points make the trip.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Does the CFO who is figuratively cutting the check for that trip get to go as well?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We would normally not take the CFO.
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Are you putting in a plug for me going to St. Kitt's? I would appreciate that Ron.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: My last serious question, and it is sore subject, but I want to ask nonetheless because you mentioned the system spend. And in the past, system expenditures in some form have been a little bit of a black hole for the company. And so I'm wondering if managing this process, if there are sort of differences in management of the process or of the people that ensure sort of a better spend of this money.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're infinitely familiar with the results of our prior attempts, and certainly don't want to repeat history. It was an expensive learning experience, but we would like to think that we've learned some lessons from it. We are spending much more resource in the evaluation process. In fact, we're still in that evaluation process trying to make a very deliberate decision, and put in place the appropriate governance, so that this can be a more successful attempt.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay, thanks. And best of luck there.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relation: Thank you, Ron.
Operator: There are no more questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the conference over to you Mr. Brinling for any additional or closing remarks.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd like to thank you for your questions and for joining us on the call today. Next week begins our month long series of spring annual dinner meetings, starting with Charlotte and Raleigh, North Carolina. I anticipate that the meetings will be my last annual dinner meetings with the company and that the new CEO will be attending the meetings in the fall. For those of you listening that aren't familiar with these events, each year we conduct nine contest and dinner meetings in the spring and nine in the fall, hitting each one of our branches. It creates a great opportunity for executive and senior leadership of Erie to meet and to celebrate with the agents and the employees throughout the company. And though, it obviously involves a lot of travel, I'm truly looking forward to this year's events. That concludes our call today. Again, I want to thank you for your continued interest in Erie Indemnity Company and for joining us to hear about our first quarter results. Have a great day.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Manager and Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relation: Just a reminder that the recording of the call will be posed on our website, erieinsurance.com after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions at all, as always please give me a call at 814-870-4665. Thanks again and make it a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Once again, we thank you for your participation

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Kraus Phillips - VP and Manager of Corporate Communications and IR John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and CEO Philip A. Garcia - EVP and CFO James J. Tanous - EVP, Secretary and General Counsel
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Erie Indemnity Company's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference. At the request of Erie Indemnity, this conference is being recorded for instant replay purposes. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following prepared remarks from management, we'll open the call for questions and answers. Now, I'd like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Karen Kraus Phillips, Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thank you Antony and good morning. Joining me for today's call are John Brinling, President and CEO, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Phil Garcia, and Jim Tanous, Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Today's prepared remarks will be approximately 30 minutes. Following those remarks, we'll open the call for questions. We issued our earnings release and additional supplements yesterday afternoon. If you need a copy of the press release or any of the exhibits, you can find these in the Investor Relations section of our website at erieinsurance.com. We also filed a Form 10-K with the SEC. On today's call, the management of Erie Indemnity Company will share important information about current and future initiatives being undertaken at the company. As a result, certain forward-looking statements may be incorporated into their comments. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current views about future events and are based on assumptions subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may cause results to differ materially from those anticipated as described in those statements. Many of the factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. For information on important factors that may cause such differences, please see the Safe Harbor statements in the latest 10-K filing with the SEC dated February 27, 2008 and in a related press release and 8-K. In this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the press release and in the supplement posted on our investment website at erieinsurance.com. This call is being recorded and the recording is the property of Erie Indemnity Company. It is not intended for reproduction or rebroadcast by any other party without the prior consent of Erie Indemnity Company. A replay will be available on our website this afternoon at 12.30 Eastern Time. Your participation on this call will constitute consent to the recording, publication, webcast broadcast, and use of use of your names, voice and comments by Erie Indemnity. if you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. And now, I will turn the call over to Erie's President and CEO, John Brinling. John?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Kraus. Good morning everyone. Today, Phil and I will cover the fourth quarter and full-year 2007 results. We will touch on the management changes we announced yesterday and where we see the business headed in 2008. We'll also give you an update on the CEO search. So, let's get started. Erie Indemnity turned in solid results in the fourth quarter, capping off the year with net operating income of $40.9 [ph] million or $0.69 per share. Our net income result was negatively affected by impairments of our securities, which Phil will discuss later in the call. Our revenue from management operations increased by more than 10% and our underwriting operations produced a nearly $5 million underwriting profit. A significant improvement over fourth quarter 2006 result. The fourth quarter 2007 GAAP combined ratio for Indemnity's Property and Casualty subsidiaries was 90.5%, down nearly 10 points from the 2006 fourth quarter, as a result of lower catastrophe losses and better loss development in the fourth quarter of 2007. Net investment income for the quarter was down considerably due in part to our share repurchase activity, which has decreased the funds available for investing. The performance of our limited partnership portfolio turned in a comparable result to the same quarter last year, which was quite strong. As I said, we had $16.8 million of investment impairments during the quarter, which contributed to $12.7 million realized loss for the quarter. Phil will give you more detail on these and other factors affecting our investment results. We ended the year with net operating income of $216 [ph] million. Net operating income per share was up $3.48, up 11.9% form 2006. The primary drivers of this result were strong underwriting and investment operations performance. A higher management fee rate in 2007, 25% compared to 24.75% in 2006 also contributed to the results in our management operations. During the fourth quarter 2007, our Board of Directors set the management fee at 25% for 2008. Our capital management strategy is designed to increase total shareholder return. In 2007, we repurchased 4.5 million shares of our Class A non-voting common stock totaling $236.7 million. In September 2007, the Board approved a continuation of our stock repurchase program. At the end of 2007, we had approximately $92 million of outstanding repurchase authority remaining under the program that runs through December 31, 2008. At the December meeting, the Board increased the quarterly dividend to $0.44 from $0.40 for Class A shares and $66 from $60 for Class B shares, marking the 74th consecutive year we pay dividends to our shareholders. We anticipate the soft market currently affecting insurance prices will continue into 2008. However, we're already seeing some evidence that some companies have recognized that underwriting profitability is deteriorating and rate increases may be warranted. During 2007, insurers have shown real discipline in their pricing strategies and did not opt for significant rate cuts. In fact, several large multi-line companies have increased rates in personal lines largely in many markets. We maintained our underwriting discipline and we've taken, what we believe, are disciplined rate reductions. Well continue this approach in 2008. But well also raise rates in some lines of the market when additional rate need is indicated. In 2007, we grew policies by 2.4% on a year-over-year basis, ending the year with nearly 3.9 million policies in force. New written premium expanded by 9% to $401 million. In addition to our improved competitive position, we attribute this growth in part to our new agency appointments, particularly those appointments made into 2005 and 2006. We expect this effect to continue in 2008 as our new agents become more provisioned [ph] and we begin to see the results from those appointed in 2007. The private passenger auto incentive we put in place in July 2006 has also added to this increase in new policy growth. By the end of 2007, we appointed 214 new agencies. Of those, 70% were start-up agencies. [inaudible] start-ups allow us to build agencies loyalty as the onset and ensure the agency understands and commits the Eerie service philosophy. Our plan calls for appointing another 140 agencies in 2008. We're also preparing to recruit agencies in our 12th state Minnesota. Recruitment will begin there in 2009 and we expect writing business will be well begin writing business by the fourth quarter of that year. Of course, we are also seeing positive production from some of our long-term agents who are capitalizing on our competitive rates and our mutual commitment to superior service to win new business and retain current policyholders. In addition to agent appointments, we also launched an all-lines agent incentive contest in October 2007 that will run through September 2008. We ended the year with a retention ratio of 90.2% up from 89.5% at year-end 2006. This marks the best retention ratio for Eerie in more than five years, since the third quarter 2003. Premium growth during the soft market cycle has been a challenge for most insurers. An equally significant challenge for us during the fourth quarter and coming into 2008 is our life company's transition to business process outsourcing. As you know, Erie Indemnity owns 21.6% of Erie Family Life and the exchange owns 78.4%. The challenges have been most evidenced to our agents who work hard to minimize any negative impact to our life policyholders, many of whom are Property and Casualty policyholders as well. The primary pain point [ph] is the level of service provided to our agents from our outsourcing partners call center who are just not meeting service expectations. Working together we have attempted to correct the problems, but systemic issues of their operation have limited our effectiveness. Therefore, we decided to re-establish the live call center at our home office in Erie to ensure our superior service reputation. Bringing the call center back in-house will have no material impact on Erie Indemnity Companys results in 2008 or beyond. As I said at the onset, I would like to take a few minutes to review some management changes at the company. Tom Morgan, Executive Vice President of Insurance Operations has resigned his position with the company to pursue other opportunities. Tom has been with Erie as an employee and an independent agent for a total of 24 years. I appreciate his dedicated service and wish him much luck in the future. With Tom's departure, we decided to restructure Insurance Operations, which makes out nearly 75% of Erie's total operations. We are dividing the area under the leadership of two long time Erie family members, Mike Zavasky, currently Senior Vice President of our Strategy Management Office and George Lucore, who rejoined the company after a brief hiatus. George retired after 34 years with Erie in the spring of 2006 from his position as Senior Vice President of the Agency Division. Both men have long tenure and broad experience with the company's Property and Casualty Insurance operations. I'm very pleased to welcome them to our executive management team. We also announced in yesterdays earning release that two incumbent directors, Kaj Ahlmann and John Baily, had advised us that they do not intend to stay in for re-election to the Board at our annual shareholders' meeting on April 22. They will finish out their current term continuing their respective roles. Kaj serves as Strategy Committee chair and John as Audit Committee chair. Kaj and John have served the company well in their years on the Board. It has been a pleasure working with them and I know they will continue to be strong advocates for Erie. Its the Boards intention to announce 2008 slate of directors for election on or about Monday, March 10, 2008. I also want to give us a brief update on our search for a new CEO. The Boards search committee is actively interviewing candidates to narrow the field and make a final selection. While no specific timeframe as been established, given the progress, Id expect a new CEO to be on board around mid-year. Now, I will turn the call over to Phil to provide details for our financial results and then we will open the call for your questions. Phil?
Philip A. Garcia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. First, I will provide you with some highlights of the fourth quarter and talk in detail about certain aspects of our investment portfolios and those of the Erie Insurance Exchange, and then I will briefly discuss our full-year results. As we highlighted in our earnings release, our net income in the fourth quarter of '07 was affected by net realized losses on investments, which included $16.8 million of impairments of securities, as well as some tax adjustments that resulted in a higher effective tax rate. As a result, net income was $32.6 million for the fourth quarter of '07, down from $45.5 million for the same period in '06. Our net income per share diluted decreased to $0.55 per share compared to $0.71 per share last year. However, we matched the strong fourth quarter 2006 net operating income per share of $0.69 per share. I will take a few moments to explain more of the details behind our fourth quarter results, starting with the management operations segment. Our management fee revenue increased 1.1% in the fourth quarter of 2007, primarily because our management fee rate was set at 25% in 2007, compared to 24.75% in 2006. Our management fee revenue, as you know, is based on our direct return premium, which decreased 0.5% in the fourth quarter of '07 compared to the fourth quarter of '06. The decrease was largely a result of premium rate decreases that are designed to enhance our competitive position. The total cost of management operations decreased 0.6% to $189.2 million in the fourth quarter of '07 from $190.3 million in the fourth quarter of '06. Our commission costs increased 1.7% to $132.8 million from $130.6 million in the fourth quarter of '06. The fourth quarter cost of management operations, excluding our commission cost, decreased 5.6% to $56.4 million in 2007 from $59.8 million in '06. The decrease was due to an adjustment of $4 million to inter-company expenses allocated to affiliates, which reduced the cost of management operations. Somewhat offsetting this reduction was $2.7 million of additional professional fees and software related expenses in the fourth quarter of '07. Moving on to our underwriting performance. Our GAAP combined ratio was 90.5% in the fourth quarter of '07 compared to 100% in the same period in '06. The insurance underwriting operations generated gains of $4.9 million in the fourth quarter of '07 compared to an underwriting breakeven in the fourth quarter of '06. Our Property and Casualty Groups adjusted statutory combined ratio was 89.9% in the fourth quarter of '07, compared to 99.8% in the fourth quarter of '06. We experienced relatively low catastrophe levels of $0.5 million or 0.9 points in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to $2.6 million or 4.9 points in the fourth quarter of 2006. The fourth quarter of 2007 also included some reserve strengthening to the pre-1986 catastrophe injury liability reserve as a result of changes we made to our mortality assumptions for these claimants. Finally, some highlights of our fourth quarter investment operations. Our net revenue from investment operations decreased to $12.4 million in the fourth quarter of '07 compared to $30.7 million in the same period of '06. Our net investment income decreased 11.5% to $12.5 million in the fourth quarter of '07, which was influenced by our share repurchase activity during the year. Equity and earnings of limited partnerships totaled $12.8 million in the fourth quarter of 07 compared to $12.7 million in the fourth quarter of '06, as our partners continued to deliver strong returns from these investments. Included in our net realized losses on investments are impairment charges of $16.8 million and $1.4 million in the fourth quarters of '07 and '06 respectively. Common stock impairments made up $7 million of this charge, while preferred stock impairments totaled $6.3 million and fixed maturity impairments totaled $3.5 million for the quarter. Beginning in 2008, we have adopted net accounting change that will affect how account for certain assets in our investment portfolio. As you can see from our 10-K, we adopted the fair value option for our common stock portfolio under FAS-159 effective of January 1, 2008. This portfolio was currently accounted for as an available for sale portfolio where changes in fair value are reflected in shareholders equity. After January 1, 2008, changes in the fair value of the common stock portfolio will be reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as realized gains and losses. The unrealized gains of our common stock at January 1, 2008 will be included as a cumulative effect adjustment. As a result, retained earnings will increase by $11.2 million at January 1, 2008, with a corresponding decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income. As we noted in our press release, our fourth quarter 2007 provision for income taxes was increased by $1.3 million for adjustments made to the tax basis and the sale of certain limited partnership investments, which increased our deferred taxes. I would now like to spend a few moments discussing our investment portfolio and the portfolio of the Erie Insurance Exchange. We refer you to our disclosures in our 10-K on page 46 and our investor supplement where we provide details of portions of the exchange's portfolio. So, you can follow along on the supplemental disclosures we provided for your use. With the ongoing turmoil in the credit markets, I wanted to provide some perspective and more specifics regarding our structured depth and our municipal bond portfolios and those portfolios at the exchange. The company has just over $35 million or about 5% of its fixed income portfolio invested in structured asset-backed products that carry an average rating of A+. The company believes that none of these securities have direct exposure to the subprime residential mortgage market. The market value of the portfolio is about 93% of amortized cost and the company impaired $1.8 million related to four of its structured product holdings during 2009. The exchange has structured debt portfolio of $431 million, recorded on a statutory accounting basis, represents less than 10% of the total bond portfolio. Market value of the portfolio is about 95% of amortized cost at December 31, 2007. The exchange has impaired for securities in this portfolio in the third and fourth quarters of 2007 that had exposure to subprime collateral for a total impairment charge of $16.9 million. We value these securities using pricing services from independent third-party services and brokers, and weve obtained additional third-party views of our market values. In addition, we are monitoring our municipal bond portfolio in light of the current difficulties being encountered by the bond insurers. It's important to comment that our investment philosophy with respect to munibonds is to focus primarily on the quality of the underlying security and to not rely on the bond insurance. The company's municipal bond portfolio accounts for $249.4 million or 35.5% of the total fixed maturity portfolio of the company. Of the total municipal bond portfolio, $199.1 million or 79.8% are insured. The company's municipal bond portfolio is highly rated and includes all investment grade holdings. The overall credit quality of the municipal bond portfolio is rated AAA, while the overall credit quality of the municipal bond portfolio giving no affect to insurance is rated A+. The market value of the portfolio, which is important to note, is 101% of the amortized cost and the company has not impaired any of these investments. The exchanges in municipal bond portfolio accounts for $1.2 billion on a statutory accounting basis or 28% of its total bond portfolio. When measured on a fair value basis, $781 million or 62% of the municipal bond portfolio are insured. The overall credit quality of this muni bond portfolio is rated AA+, while the overall credit quality of the muni bond portfolio giving no effect to insurance is rated AA-. The market value of the portfolio is 102% of amortized cost and the exchange has not impaired any of these investments. During the fourth quarter of 2007, the exchange recorded $93.1 million in impairment charges related to its bonds and common and preferred stock. And finally, during the fourth quarter, as part of our share repurchase program, the company repurchased about 321,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a cost of $16.9 million. Now, I would like to take a few moments to briefly provide some detail on our full-year results. Our net income was, as John said, $212.9 million for the full year ended December 31, '07, 4.4% increase from the $204 million in '06. Our net income per share diluted increased to $3.43 per share from $3.13 per share in 2006. Our net operating income per share increased 11.9% to $3.48 in 2007 compared to $3.12 in '06. Our management fee revenue increased 0.4% as our direct written premiums of the Property and Casualty Group decreased 0.5% in 2007. Our direct written premiums were down slightly as a result of rate reductions implemented to be more price competitive for potential new policyholders and to improve our retention of existing policyholders. The effect of these rate actions resulted in a net decrease in our direct written premiums of $85.9 million in 2007. Our cost of management operations increased 1.8%, almost $800 million at December 31, 2007 from $785.7 million for the year 2006. Our commission cost increased 0.6% to $557.4 million in 2007, due to largely to agent incentives as our scheduled commissions remained flat for the year. The $50 private passenger auto bonus resulted in commission increase of about $3.1 million in 2007. Our non-commission costs increased 4.6% to $242.2 million in 2007, driven by personnel and other operating costs. Obviously, keeping our cost low helps us keep our products competitive. Our operating expense ratio keeps us competitive with all personal lines writers, including companies that right direct. Our combined property and casualty operating expense for the Property and Casualty Group was 31.8 for 2007, that compares very favorably to the estimated industry operating expense ratio of 39.1. Our insurance underwriting operations generated about $25 million in gains for the year ended December 31, '07 compared to $13.4 million in '06. The Property and Casualty Groups adjusted statutory combined ratio improved to 83.8 in '07 from 89.4 in '06. Our catastrophe losses for '07 were $3.6 million compared to $8.5 million in '06. Our GAAP combined ratio improved to 88.1 from 93.7 in 2006 due to severity trend improvements resulting in reserve redundancies. The companys 5.5% share of the Property and Casualty Group positive favorable development of prior accident year losses after removing the effects of salvage and subjugation recoveries was $11 million in '07 and $4 million in '06. Finally, our investment operations, we reported net realized losses on investments of $5.2 million in '07, primarily due to impairment charges of $22.5 million offset somewhat by gains on the sales of our common stocks of $14.3 million. Our equity and earnings of limited partnerships increased 42.9% in '07 as a result of market value appreciation from our private equity partnerships and market value appreciation and earnings from our real estate limited partnerships. Finally, in 2007, we had a record year for share repurchase activity. We repurchased almost 4.5 million shares for over $236.6 million in '07. Now, I'll open the line for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, everybody.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Hi, Michael.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. A couple of questions. First one, is kind of just a high-level strategy question and then a couple of numbers of questions after that. First question, if you would think about your growth strategy, how do you prioritize the two prongs of this of one putting new agents versus kind of going after the current agency base and helping them grow? You thinking about those two things, does one standout more than the other in your strategy or are they even? What are your thoughts there?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, this is John Brinling. I would say that divide would be about 50-50 because we are focusing on appointing new agents as you saw the we anticipate putting 214 this year. But, certainly, with a large base of existing agents and insurance in force, we want to get more business from those existing agents and we're focusing on them as well. So, its a two-pronged approach.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That's understandable, thanks. The more detailed questions. I think last quarter, you said overall plans for '08 in terms of rate action, you thought it would be about neutral on a consolidated basis, I guess, because updates on that? And if we can get details on a specific lines, that will be helpful.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Michael, in the third quarter we reported about $4 million increase, which is really flat for the year from rate actions. If you read the disclosure in the K now, we're down to a minus 9, so that's about a $14 million $13 million swing, but still flat for the year, for 2008, and pretty much 2008, our rate filings have pretty much been made for 2008 and so there is no other no other action so we are going to taking rate wise, they are really going to have a big influence on that 2008 numbers.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: If I look at some of your disclosures in the K, comp looks like its still kind of coming down, but I couldn't tell what your thoughts were there on say auto and home?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Basically, they're all flat, rate wise across every line of business, comp is flat, auto is flat, home is flat. So, for 2008, we are not going to great any rate. Now that's better than 2007, where the number, as we disclosed, was a minus 85. So, relative to '07, '08 is a good rate year. We are going to get $80 million more in premium.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks. The accelerated bonuses that you paid to the newly recruited agents, can you describe what is that for? You're paying a bonus for them to sign up with you? Since they are new, the is no experience  is that what that is?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, we're one of the few independent agency companies that will help an agent start from scratch. And to do that until they get a book of business established they have got to eat. So, our bonus structure is essentially to subsidize them to get up and running until they have a book of business and renewals that can support them. So, it really is to get them up and running and we found that to be a very effective approach. The agents that we've brought up that way have been very loyal over the years, have stuck with us. So, we think it's a good investment.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then finally, any guidance on the tax rate going forward and the growth in non-commission expenses for '08?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Our tax rate, we have some adjustments during the quarter. So, we want to use a tax rate of about 32.7%, 32.8% for our effective tax rate going forward. Expenses, last year, we gave you guidance on expenses, at the end of the first quarter, we plan to do that again. You saw there are non-commission operating expenses for the year grew about five. I was going to use that number. You want to use the number north of that until we give you more specific guidance at the first quarter.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: I'm sorry, north of the four.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: North of the five. Yes, I think it was 4.6, right?
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: 4.6 right.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: For the year. That's pretty low.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: If I were to give you a number today, which I am not going to, I would give you a little guidance to say you should be north of 4.6 in your forecast.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks everybody. I appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. [inaudible] has our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: I was hoping you could give a little bit more background on the average development. It sounds like it's coming from really old claims and I'm just curious. How many claims are we talking about and what's driving the change there on such old claims?
James J. Tanous - Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel: Yes, they are really old claims. Dan, this is Jim Tanous, you haven't been on too many of our calls, but this is something we have disclosed frequently the last year or two. So, we have about 100 claims. They are mostly auto claims. There are some workers comp claims that relate to pre-law in Pennsylvania prior to 1986. Basically, we have unlimited liability on these claims. It's about 100 claims. Last year, we took a hard look at the healthcare cost inflation assumption we were using to reserve these claims and we adjusted it upward. So, in the fourth quarter you see that we had some high adverse development on those. We took a hard look at this year-end at the mortality assumption we're using. Again, these are severely impaired people, mostly paraplegics or quadriplegics, the life expectancy of people that have those sorts of injuries are subject to some variation. So, we took a hard look at the mortality assumption that we were assuming for the 100 claimants and we adjusted that upwards. So, what that means is, we adjusted their expected life expectancy upward. The effects of that are washing through our financial statements for the fourth quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Great. Thank you. Did you disclose or can you tell us what the adverse or favorable development during the quarter was excluding that specific piece?
James J. Tanous - Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel: That was almost all of it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, essentially flat, excluding that?
James J. Tanous - Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Secondly, the retention ratio, the increase in the retention ratio just curious if you can maybe expand on that a little bit. Have you historically seen a pattern to that retention ratio as part of the pricing cycle or do you attribute it to something specifically or I guess what is your view on what's driving the 89.5 up to 90.2 from '06 to '07, obviously somewhat forward looking, do you have a view?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we think that it's reflective of two things. Obviously, one is the reflection of our competitiveness, our improved position with respect to other competitors. So, price has a piece of it. In terms of a pattern, it's been steadily improving since about the middle of '06, it goes back to '05. The numbers I am looking at right now in terms of private passenger have improved steadily over the quarters. So, that's part of it. The second part is, we're getting very high marks, for example, at J.D. Power in terms of our service. So, it's not just price, its people having experience with our company and enjoying the way their claim was handled and staying with us. So, we target retention and improvement in retention. We recognize that every policy we don't lose, is one less we have to replace.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Mr. Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus with our next question.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Hey, I'm back sorry. I have two more for you. I'll left this out earlier. What can you share with what you are with seeing competitor rate changes in some of your larger markets?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: As I mentioned in my remarks, Mike, for the most part, they are flat. There have been some indications from some of the larger, particularly direct writers that they intend to start taking some rate to avoid underwriting losses, but we haven't yet seen anything dramatic yet. We've seen some indication that they are starting to go up. They certainly have reduced the rate of decline and in most cases flat or going up.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thats helpful. Any details you can share on a what you're seeing in loss trends in homeowner [ph] specifically?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that information with me right now.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Can I call you back?
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Absolutely, Michael, we will get that for you.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks. That's all I have.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And it does appear we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
John J. Brinling, Jr. - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer: Before we end the call today, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge Bill Hirt, our former Chairman of the Board, who passed away in July. Bill was a truly great man and leader. He dedicated much of his life to ensure Eries success. Bill exemplified our founding value, the golden rule, treating everyone with kindness, respect, and dignity. His perspectives and excellent business sense helped build Erie the company it is today. We truly miss him and are forever grateful to him. Thanks again for joining us on today's call. We look forward to seeing many of you in our annual shareholders meeting on April 22.
Karen Kraus Phillips - Vice President and Manager of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: And just a reminder that the recording of the call will be posted on our website, erieinsurance.com, after 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. If you have any questions at all, as always, please call me at 814-870-4665. Thanks again and make it a great day.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We appreciate your attendance and please have a wonderful day.
