===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Greg, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Liz Hunter, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation. Liz, you have the floor.
Liz Hunter: Thank you, Greg, and thanks to everyone for joining this morning. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chair and CEO, Drew Marsh; and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone. We had a very productive start to the year with progress on activities that support our near- and long-term objectives. Important updates to facilitate customer growth include new customer announcements, regulatory outcomes and new legislation. Starting with our financial results for the first quarter. Today, we are reporting adjusted earnings per share of $0.82. We're on track for 2025 guidance, and we remain well positioned to attain our greater than 8% adjusted earnings per share compound annual growth rate for the outlook period. Kimberly will discuss our financial results in more detail. As you've heard us say, we aim to create value for all our stakeholders, customers, employees, communities and owners, and customers are listed first because everything starts there. The opportunities driving our industrial sales growth continue to be robust. There is increasing visibility into our growth including three announcements from large customers since our last call. In March, Hyundai Motor Group announced a $5.8 billion investment in Hyundai Steel, a manufacturing facility with -- and an engine for economic growth in Ascension Parish, Louisiana. Then in early April, CF Industries announced that it's reached its final investment decision on its $4 billion investment in a low-carbon blue ammonia facility, which will be located near Hyundai Steel. This project was first announced in 2022. And yesterday, Woodside announced that they have reached FID on their $17.5 billion LNG facility, bringing jobs and investment to Coastal Louisiana. These projects are expected to come online in 2028 and into 2029 and were assumed in our outlook last quarter. These customers diversify our industrial mix. They also provide important benefits to the nearby communities through substantial local investments, significant growth and workforce development. We've demonstrated a long history of powering industrial growth as businesses establish and expand operations in the Gulf South region. Hyundai Steel, CF Industries and Woodside LNG are examples of this trend continuing. As more companies consider investment in the U.S., the Gulf South remains a very attractive option with low power costs, robust energy and transportation infrastructure, access to diverse energy sources, a business-friendly environment, a proven workforce and welcoming communities. Data centers are a more recent addition to our large customer portfolio, and we remain in productive discussions for many potential project. We continue to receive strong interest and optimism from hyperscale developers about the incredible opportunity before them. And our data center pipeline remains in the 5 to 10 gigawatt range. We are executing on our capital plan to support that strong customer growth as well as improved reliability and resilience. We continue to make progress in the Orange County Advanced Power Station. The project is approximately 70% complete with more than 1 million man-hours worked with no safety incidents. The project remains on schedule and on budget with a projected in-service date by summer of next year. Delta Blues advanced power station in Mississippi is in earlier phase of construction and is also on schedule and on budget. At the same time, we're exploring the potential to increase the capacity of our existing combined cycle natural gas facilities nearly 500 megawatts. For nuclear, we completed the spring refueling outage at River Bend on schedule. During the outage, we conducted extensive work on the main generator to support long-term reliable operations. The Waterford 3 refueling outage is now underway. Planned work includes replacement of low-pressure turbine rotors that will improve efficiency and pave the way to increase the capacity of the plant by an estimated 40 megawatts in the fall of 2026. We continue to assess potential capacity upgrades at our other nuclear plants that could total approximately 275 megawatts. As we mentioned before, we have an NRC early site permit for a potential new nuclear facility at Grand Gulf, which expires in April 2027. We intend to renew the permit for another 20 years to maintain a viable option for new nuclear. We are in discussions with customers, potential partners and other stakeholders regarding that opportunity. As you can see, our operations and project management development teams are doing a great job keeping us on track to support our customers' needs. In addition to our efforts in operations, we are working with our regulators and other stakeholders on important dockets that address infrastructure needs to support growth, reliability and resilience. Efficient review processes are critical to stay on track to meet our customers' expectations. Entergy Louisiana received approval from its Public Service Commission to place the capital investment from Hurricane Francine into rate, subject to a future prudence review. This means our recovery started less than 2 months from filing and 6 months after the storm. A faster recovery reduces carrying costs and supports Entergy Louisiana's credit, both of which keep cost low for customers. The LPSC also approved a $0.5 billion West Bank 230 kV transmission project that will support customer growth and economic development. In addition, we have a major 500 kV transmission project in Louisiana that is pending commission review. Separately, we received the final approval needed for Entergy Louisiana's gas LDC sale from the East Baton Rouge Parish Council. We're targeting to close the sale of both Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans gas businesses in July. Introduce Louisiana's filings to support its hyperscale data center customer continues to move forward, parties have filed testimony, and the hearing is scheduled for mid-July. We remain on track for an LPSC decision in October. For Entergy Louisiana's 3 gigawatt solar RFP, the first round of procurement is complete, and we're moving forward with two proposals for owned assets that total 400 megawatts. Proposal's in the second quarter were received in mid-April, and we are targeting selections later this quarter. In Texas, the PUCT approved placing $137 million of transmission investments into rates. We have also requested a certificate of convenience and necessity for a large transmission project in Texas known as SETEX, S-E-T-E-X. The hearing is scheduled for May, and we are targeting a commission decision by the end of August. Entergy Texas request for generation CCNs are continuing as expected. Hearings for Legend and Lone Star dispatchable generation projects as well as renewable resources are complete, briefings have begun, and no parties have disputed the need for new generation to meet growing demand. We are targeting decisions in the third quarter. In Arkansas, the APSC issued a certificate of environmental compatibility and public need for Lake Catherine Unit 5. This plant is important to support Arkansas' customer demand. Entergy Mississippi received approval to build a combined cycle gas plant in Ridgeland County. This facility will serve the growing demand in our Mississippi service area. And Entergy Mississippi also filed its annual formula rate plan with no rate change requested. We expect the commission to take this up over the next few months. Turning to legislative matters. Arkansas recently completed its session, setting the stage for future growth in the state. Act 373 signed into law by the governor supports economic development and growth and will benefit our customers and communities. Specifically, the legislation allows recovery for new generation capacity and certain transmission investments outside of the formula rate plans 4% cap. And also streamlines and simplifies the process for certification of public need to allow for faster response to economic development while maintaining regulatory oversight. Additionally, the new law allows utilities to recover carrying costs on construction work in process during construction, thus lowering cost for customers. Texas is also in a legislative session. One of the bills of interest for us will accelerate the regulatory review and approval for storm securitization to 150 days, significantly faster than previous reviews. More timely reviews benefit customers through lower carrying costs and improved credit. The Texas legislative session continues through June 2. Turning to tariffs. We know tariffs are certainly a topic that we know you're interested in. It's top of mind for us as well, and we are actively engaged in monitoring as the landscape evolves. There are several considerations and the bottom line is that we believe tariffs impacts are manageable. The current tariffs would primarily impact capital expenditures, and we estimate that the impact to be approximately 1% of our $37 billion 4-year capital plan. The vast majority of the dollar impact is in the back end of our forecast period, which provides time to continue to reduce those effects through additional supply sources. To mitigate potential impacts, we are working with our suppliers to develop alternative supply sourcing strategies. In addition, our ongoing cost management efforts as well as contingencies in our spending plans will help us manage our costs. For example, at Analyst Day last summer, we talked about our disciplined capital prioritization and review processes to drive customer value. To date, we've identified greater than $1 billion of capital that was redeployed into other projects to benefit customers. We're making every effort to reduce the effects of tariffs for our customers, who are working hard to make ends meet and competing in a global marketplace. To that point, we're also actively monitoring what this means for our customers' businesses. Our large industrial customers are highly competitive in domestic and global markets. Commodity spreads continue to be supportive, in part due to the structural advantage of low-cost natural gas. I'd like to highlight a few specific examples. LNG exports are likely to increase due to the natural gas advantage, which would help bridge the trade deficit. And I just mentioned the Woodside announcement as a case in point. Ammonia has a strong competitive position due to low natural gas prices in the U.S. and companies are moving forward in investment in clean energy technologies, as the CF Industries example illustrates. The petrochemical sector also enjoys structural advantages from low-cost natural gas liquid feedstocks and potential decreases in global production would likely come from the European Union. Beyond the price advantage of natural gas, companies seeking domestically produce materials to manage tariffs could cause sectors such as steel that are not currently running at full capacity to ramp up production. Overall, commodity fundamentals still favor U.S. manufacturing. As a result, our service area remains well positioned to capture new onshoring and industrial development with the Gulf Coast advantage that we talked about for some time and that I managed -- that I mentioned earlier. These foundational elements can facilitate even further expansion of the broad industrial manufacturing base and supporting services in our region. As I said, we believe tariff impacts are manageable, and with everything we know today, we remain confident in the guidance and outlook initiated on last quarter's call. Before I wrap up, tomorrow, our COO, Pete Norgeot, is retiring. Over his 10-plus years in Entergy, Pete transformed our power generation team, closed out our exit from the merchant power business. In the last couple of years as COO, he recentered us on public safety while preparing us to manage the large capital investments responding to customer demand. Pete is also a good friend. We will miss him, and we wish him well in the next chapter. Moving into the COO role is Kimberly Cook-Nelson, who has been driving our sale improving nuclear operations over the last few years. A leader in the nuclear industry to bring the wealth of leadership experience, operational discipline, and project management skills to the COO role, which has served us well for the growth investment road ahead. Finally, John Dinelli is taking over as Chief Nuclear Officer. He is a long time Entergy employee having started here when we purchased Indian Point. He has helped many leadership roles within the nuclear organization and recently, he has served as our Nuclear COO, helping lead the cultural changes needed to continue our relentless pursuit of improvement in nuclear operations. While we are sad to see Pete go, we're excited about the new opportunities that will come from the leadership of Kimberly and John. And finally, we're starting to learn of the passing of Alexis Herman over the weekend. From her beginnings in Alabama along the Gulf Coast, she attended Xavier University right here in New Orleans, and then went on to become Secretary of Labor, among many other accomplishments. Of course, we know her from her 20 years of service on our Board of Directors. Beyond her outstanding wisdom and insight, she was a friend, a mentor and an inspiration to all of us, and we will miss her dearly. Although we are sad, Alexis would be proud of our great start to the year. We are on the path to meet our stakeholders' expectation's in 2025 with solid progress across key customer operational, legislative and regulatory fronts. We are executing on our plan to realize the opportunity in front of us, and we're confident we can be successful. As we continue to put our customers first, we will deliver premium value to each of our key stakeholders. I'll now turn the call over to Kimberly.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. Today, I will review our financial results as well as our guidance and outlook. I'll also talk about tax credits and their potential financial impacts. Starting with earnings. Our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.82. This result keeps us firmly on track for our adjusted EPS guidance for the year. The quarter's adjusted EPS drivers are shown on Slide 4. Key highlights include higher retail sales volume, including the effects of weather, effects from regulatory actions, including recovery of investments to benefit customers and lower other O&M than first quarter last year. These favorable effects were partially offset by higher interest expense and depreciation as a result of investments. First quarter weather-adjusted retail sales growth was strong at 5.2%, the industrial sales increase was the biggest driver  at 9.3%, reflecting increases in usage from customer additions over the course of 2024 as well as continued ramp of new and expansion customers. Slide 5 provides our credit ratings and affirms that our credit metric outlooks remain better than agency thresholds. Our ongoing focus on credit has created flexibility to manage volatility and headwinds. Availability and transferability of renewable tax credits continue to be a topic of interest. Nuclear production tax credits or PTCs became effective in 2024. The Treasury department has not issued guidance on how to determine gross receipts for purposes of calculating the amount of nuclear PTCs generated. We are evaluating our position with respect to these credits and will finalize our position prior to our 2024 corporate tax filings. As a reminder, cash benefits from nuclear PTCs are not included in our outlook. So any nuclear PTCs that are realized would be positive to our plan. Our 2027 and 2028 outlooks include tax credits of approximately $170 million and $350 million, respectively, on more than $5 billion of renewable investments through 2028. If the transferability rules change, we would expect to monetize the credits using tax equity. We continue to safe harbor as many projects as possible in the event that the credit phase out sooner than the current rules provide. However, even if we were to lose all the renewable tax credits assumed in our guidance, our credit metrics would still exceed rating agency's thresholds. Turning to Slide 6. Our equity needs are unchanged since our last update. During the quarter, we executed an approximately $1.5 billion block equity forward, including the [ Green Shield. ] Prior to the equity block, we contracted roughly $230 million using ATM forwards. With these transactions, we have successfully secured our equity needs into 2027, and we've contracted approximately 2/3 of our needs through 2028, ensuring access to capital needed to execute on our capital plan. No forwards were settled during the quarter. As shown on Slide 7, we are affirming our adjusted EPS guidance and outlooks. For 2025, we're firmly on track. Weather and other updates in the first quarter create flexibility to manage the business in response to potential volatility and other headwinds. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect other O&M to be roughly $0.05 higher than last year, primarily due to planned power generation spending, including the timing of outages and timing of vegetation management expenses. We have confidence in our plan and our ability to deliver on our guidance and outlooks. We had a strong start to the year and have a solid plan to support our growing customer base. We are excited about the opportunities before us and remain well positioned to execute and deliver successful outcomes. And now the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Konstantin Lednev: Congrats on a great quarter. It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Just as we're thinking about the Arkansas generation build, do you feel the state is now fully competitive on the data center front in terms of providing turnkey interconnection? Have there been any inbound thus far? Or do you need any further rate design improvement?
Andrew Marsh: Shar, this is Drew -- sorry, Constantine, this is Drew. The -- we feel that they are fully competitive at this point. And we are talking to potential customers in the state of Arkansas. We have a lot of interest there. And so we are working down that path right now.
Konstantin Lednev: Excellent. And then maybe in terms of the financing updates, just last quarter, the guidance was for 75% of the equity to be after 2026, and it looks like that might be accelerating slightly. Does that imply an acceleration of credit metric improvement or any other moving pieces you want to highlight?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, there hasn't been a substantial change in the timing of the equity needed. We contracted forward into '27. But -- and our credit metrics through '28 continue to build towards and up to 15%. So we see strong flexibility in credit, but I wouldn't assume a whole lot of shift in the equity needs and the timing of the equity in that period.
Konstantin Lednev: And anything that drove such a big forward volume in 1Q relative to last quarter? Or is that just kind of optimization?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, really was taking risk off the table. We had an opportunity to execute on that forward. And given volatility and the equity that we needed that we believed we could continue to satisfy with the ATM, but we had an opportunity to close some of that out, so we took advantage of that. And set ourselves up to be able to manage volatility over the next couple of years.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to look at the sales a little bit here. I think that your residential customer count might have been up just under 1% quarter-over-quarter. And your weather normalized sales, if I'm seeing this right, residential went up about 4.5%. Just wondering if you could talk a bit more about drivers there?
Kimberly Fontan: Jeremy, it's Kimberly. I wouldn't look too much at the specifics on the quarter-over-quarter, you're going to see some volatility in the accounts. But we expect our residential sales to be about 1% for the full year, I mean our sales overall to be about 5.5%. So still strong sales over the year, but you're going to see some volatility in a given quarter on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And just moving to industrial sales. And as you said, it will be volatile in any given quarter, but it seems like there's a degree of macro uncertainty out there that might be weighing on industrial activity a bit. Just wondering if you could provide any thoughts from your viewpoint on your service territory?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. When we think about our industrial customers, we have had more than 5% growth for over 15 years, and that's included a number of periods where there were various economic factors happening in those periods. And I think the three industrial customers that Drew referenced in his comments coming in just this quarter over the last couple of months underscores the opportunity that we have for our traditional customers, and then we continue to have significant opportunity in the data center space. So our customers are making 30-year decisions. There's our short-term volatility that they may have to manage through, but we see those decisions coming through, and we continue to see a lot of opportunity through our pipeline as we go forward.
Andrew Marsh: And I'll just point to the rule of thumb that we have in our materials for industrial sales is 1% change in a given year, it's only about $0.01 of impact. So it's pretty well derisked because of the high level of demand charges that we have in the industrial customer space.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And just one -- last one, if I could. Just as far as these -- winning these new packages here and increasing the pipeline of big activity. I wonder if you could provide more color what it looks like, I guess, on conversations with data centers or other large industrial users, how you see that, I guess, coming together in this environment? Has anything changed?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, Jeremy, the Drew referenced that we had 5 to 10 gigawatts in our data center discussions. Those are still strong and ongoing discussions. Our pipeline in our other customers hasn't really changed from the last time that we gave that level of detail. We continue to have strong conversations. Our pipeline is -- in our forecast is on a weighted probability basis. And Drew referenced that these customers were in our forecast. But certainly, they are hitting at a faster and higher success rate that enables us to continue to serve them, but if that rate continues, we'll have to look at incremental capital to support continued growth.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's a good point. I mean the -- and outside of data centers, we probably weight everything, and the three announcements that we gave you were in our forecast, but they were probability weighted. And so now the sales expectation for them are much higher than what we were originally anticipating. And taking up the space that the other probability-weighted customers might have been taking up. So there could be additional capital needed should those customers come in, and we do expect some of them to come.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: I was wondering if you could maybe just give -- maybe an update or a profile of your system as you're looking at some of these large load customers in the pipeline, how quickly can you offer them service to connect in -- time to power has been a focus among that cohort. So curious just what the latest is in terms of how quickly you can accommodate new large load customers.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. This is Drew, and then I'll see if Kimberly wants to add anything. But the -- we do have positions in queues in order to provide generation to potential customers. As you all know, those queues are full. But our positions, we believe would allow us to continue to offer up opportunities for customers. At this point, it's near the back end of our period because there's just a lot to do to make room for all this. And as you know, the three that we -- customers that we were talking about today are all in the 2028, moving in -- ramping into 2029 kind of time frame. So that's kind of where we are in terms of potential opportunity. And so it doesn't really matter which kind of customers we're talking about, that's where that opportunity will be sitting.
David Arcaro: Got it. Yes, that makes sense. Maybe just a quick clarification on the tariff exposure. Would you consider -- I guess, do you think of the tariff exposure as being earnings exposure. Is this kind of already approved projects that now need to -- that are going to be more expensive? Or this is out in the future, will get worked through regulatory processes over time. I know you're trying to offset it. But how do you consider kind of earnings exposure, if any, from that?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, David. Most of that exposure, as you noted, is in '27 and '28. And most of it is also tied to new generation, specific components to how build those facilities. So we think that gives us time to find additional suppliers and mitigate that. So we don't see that being a real earnings effect. And Drew mentioned some of the things we're doing to mitigate that, but we think that, that is manageable within the forecast period.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks for all the updates. I just want to ask on '25. It just seems like you're off to a good start. Are you trending higher in the fiscal '25 plan just given the weather tailwinds or other headwinds to kind of consider for later this year?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, we did have a good start to the year, but as with any year, we use that to manage through the course of the business uncertainty. We obviously have the summer coming, could be -- we could have a super-hot summer or we could have a mild summer, so we need to see how that plays out. But we'll use that flexibility to help us manage, but we're comfortable that we'll deliver our outlook at the end of the year.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. Great. And then just on this new customer generation and transmission filing, I know that we're kind of approaching hearings here as kind of a midterm data point. Just -- is there any potential for effort by the parties to want to settle issues in the proceeding? Or do you kind of see that going straight through into the October order?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. This is Drew. Yes, there is always the potential to settle. And so we will look at that if those opportunities arrive. Certainly, we'd always prefer to settle rather than go to hearing if we could. But we have a good schedule, and there's a lot of support for this investment in the state and among the stakeholders. So we're confident that we will manage through the process and get the outcome that will benefit the customers and communities.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg.
Paul Fremont: Congratulations on a strong quarter. I guess my first question is, can you give us a sense of the load that's associated with the three customers?
Andrew Marsh: Paul, unfortunately, I can't. We don't have authorization to talk about specific customer load. So we -- I wouldn't mention that to you. I would say these are large industrial facilities, and they would be on par with things that you might see elsewhere. But I can't give you specifics, unfortunately.
Paul Fremont: And then that your transmission filing in Texas, is that 365, 500 or 345 kV line that you're proposing? And I guess how many miles should we think of additional transmission.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. That's 500 kV, and it is 130 to 160 miles. There's a slide in the materials on that, that you can look at. And it actually will sort of terminate ideally with the line that we are requesting for approval in Louisiana. So you'll get -- in addition to customer support, I think you'll get a good resilience benefit out of that as well to help us with storms.
Paul Fremont: And sort of last question there. What would be the completion -- if you were to be awarded the project, what would be the completion date?
Andrew Marsh: We think it would be just outside of our outlook period in 2029.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Just -- I guess, just on the sales guide for '25, you took it down a little bit. Just any -- I know it's still really good, but just any explanation for that?
Kimberly Fontan: Steve, it really is just as we get line of sight on the -- over the course of the year, we know the industrials will come in. Their ramps may vary that come in, large load comes in a little bit of variety over the course of the year. So still at 5.5%, we still see strong sales, but just a little bit of clarity on how that's going to come in.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then the last quarter, I think you had the second Mississippi customer that you kind of announced but hadn't been named. Is there any more clarity on that customer?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. So we are still all on moving forward with that customer. They have not announced themselves. And so we are working to their schedule, but there's nothing new from our end. We are moving forward on everything we needed to do to serve that customer.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Then on the regulatory on the Texas plants that you're -- the next round of plants that you're looking to build, I think staff came out against it more because they thought you should have had an RFP. Just could you talk to your views on being able to kind of resolve that constructively.
Andrew Marsh: Sure. We -- as I mentioned in my remarks, there is no disagreement with the need for incremental generation in Texas. Everybody recognizes that. And then I think everybody also appreciates that we really need to move quickly in order to support the low growth in Texas as well. That's fully in the record and well supported the rationale for why we needed to move quickly. We've already got the Orange County plant. We actually did a full RFP for that one, and there were no other competing bids. For this project in lieu of a longer time required for a full RFP, we did bid out all -- some of the major components for the plant. So there is RFP in there, just not for the whole thing, and that's all reflected in the record, and we understand what the staff was saying, but we do believe there's support for us to continue to move forward and get to the finish line. Of course, we got to -- we have to finish out the process with the commission and the commission needs to agree with that. But we believe that there's evidence in the record that will support moving forward quickly.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sophie Karp: So a couple of questions on the, I guess, the generation portfolio, how you think about that. I was curious to hear your thoughts on what would make -- what kind of market signal would make you take a closer look at nuclear and maybe bring those opportunities forward? And also, some of your peers are discussing how building gas plants take some -- really long time, right? And how -- what are you seeing and how fast can you basically build a gas plant right now?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. So -- with regards to nuclear, we are working on opportunities right now, as I mentioned. So we have the early site permit in Mississippi that is an opportunity for us. We're talking with stakeholders, including customers and vendors on that. I don't know that there are any other market signals that we could see. The key issue for us is our ability to manage the construction risk. And of course, we need a customer to want to pay for that. So there's a lot of political support in Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas and in Texas. Some of the states have laws in their legislative sessions right now that they are considering to try and facilitate nuclear investments. We view that as all very, very positive. But we need to be able to solve that commercial question upfront in order to move forward with nuclear on a more rapid pace. Regarding combined cycles and the path there, we have -- the key for that is where are you in the queue. And so we have queue positions that would allow us to build plants in '28 and '29, you saw that the examples today and the customers that are coming in are coming in, in that time frame, that matches up with our ability to continue to build. So that's the time frame that we are looking at -- right now is that time frame in sort of bringing on combined cycles. I think that's -- if you have queue positions, I think that's consistent with most. I think there may be a few people that have sort of uncommitted queue positions maybe in 2027. But that's about as early as I think you can get today that we've seen that could come into our service area. And then if you're not in the queue, and you're trying to get into the queue today, it's probably more like 2030, 2031. So it's a little further out.
Sophie Karp: And then my other question is on the legislature that you mentioned in Arkansas and in Texas, I believe that improves recovery mechanisms for a plant under construction and storm recovery. How should we think about potential financial impacts of those? Obviously, this is a positive, but -- how much would that be, I guess, accretive on a normal year to you guys?
Kimberly Fontan: Sophie, it's Kimberly. From the Arkansas legislation, it does allow us to build earlier because you get recovery earlier through, you get AFUDC through -- or you get cash CWIP rather than AFUDC. We haven't quantified that effect. We'll look at what specific investments will use that mechanism for and how that will benefit customers. So that will be coming in future quarters, but certainly sets us up to move faster, and actually provides lower cost to customers because of the CWIP recovery early in the construction period. In Texas, I think the mechanisms are more around ensuring risk. There's wildfire legislation. There's other legislation there, but I don't know that you'll see a lot of changes in the financials from -- depending on what goes through the legislation session there. From a securitization perspective, it is timing of the ability to recover the cost, which does lower cost to customers because of the carrying cost on that time to get those dollars back.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: I have two related questions, particularly to Louisiana. How does the Woodside FID decision impact the availability of power time to market for new potential data center customers in your service territory? And then related, given the macro uncertainty, any color you can share around GDP sensitivity to your load or customer activity in your plan and how that could impact the large load customer conversations?
Kimberly Fontan: Ryan, I'll address the first part of your question regarding the data center and how the large customers affect that. We've talked before that the -- our large traditional customers are in a probability weighted pipeline in our forecast. The large data centers are we consider them binary. So we look at what does it take to make sure that we can supply those and then also we add that as needed when we add that large customer. That's what you saw in the last couple of quarters. So they're not mutually exclusive, but they're also not as dependent on each other. We look at that supply for the probability weighted, then you look at the supply for the specific large customers. So we think that we can continue to serve data centers over time. Obviously, Drew talked about the timing on construction, but we think we still have a lot of opportunity there.
Andrew Marsh: And then just to make sure I understand your second part of your question, Ryan. You're asking about macro drivers and whether those would affect -- how would those effects like Woodside in particular?
Ryan Levine: Those -- how those would impact some data center conversations to the extent that the economy were to slow and that may reduce your load and you expand your reserve margins.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, so, I mean, I would think that's -- I don't think data centers are really any different than our traditional industrial customers in that regard. They are looking at long-term investments. And so they're looking past any near-term macro effects that you might see from tariffs or a recession or anything like that, that could come about. So that's -- at least that's what's happening in the conversations that we are having. They're looking well out into the future. And they're not looking at just these investments, but lots of investments. And so that's -- I think the -- that would be the driver for them, not near-term macro, but long term expectation.
Ryan Levine: But in terms of your core business outside of those customers, how GDP sensitive is your load?
Andrew Marsh: I mean it isn't -- it is not recession-proof, if that's what you're asking. But we have some of the most competitive industrials in the world, given all the investment that's happened over the last 15 years in our service territory. So in any sort of macro change, they would be the last to turn off and the first to turn on. And that's looking at commodity spreads from the U.S. to global markets right now, those continue to be favorable, particularly for the Gulf Coast. So we might see some temporary downturn. But anybody that's operating today would probably continue to operate very soon if they had to turn down at all. As I mentioned earlier, our sensitivity from an earnings perspective is really low, $0.01 for any 1% change in our industrial sales. That shows you how low the sensitivity is and the significance of the demand charges that we have. And so I would think that our industrial customers will be very robust through any sort of downturn. And from an investment perspective, as I said, the data centers and the large industrials -- traditional large industrials, they're looking at many decades of investment, not the current macro environment.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just a couple of quick questions on transferability. I appreciate you gave us some numbers, but what's the impact to your FFO to debt metric if transferability were to sunset?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, it's Kimberly. The numbers that I gave you, as I noted, we didn't give a percent on FFO, but we would be well above our -- or we would be above our threshold, I should say. We also would look to maintain some of that through other mechanisms like I talked about, safe harboring, potentially or also tax equity partnership. So that is sort of a bookend case, but we would expect to be able to manage that as well. But regardless, we still expect to be above our threshold.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And maybe it's more of a rating agency question. But if one of the options were tax equity, do you know if the treatment of that is [ sum ] of the transferability or that's not included in the FFO -- in the FFO calculation?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We've done a few of those already over the last few years, and they are treated in the normal course. So I wouldn't expect that to be any different.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: If I could first just elaborate on the slight reduction to the load growth forecast. First, just to clarify, you're saying it's about the pace of new customers ramping, not about usage from existing customers. Is that right?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. I think that's a fair assumption.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And then I recognize the EPS impact is modest, but can you detail you originally guided to 11% to 12% industrial growth in 2025, what's your new forecast to the industrial class?
Kimberly Fontan: I don't think it's substantially changed. I think it still be close to that range. Really, this is about, like I said, timing, ramping, but not a significant change in where we are.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Very good. And then one more, if I may. I appreciate the easy-to-read list of the significant investment proposals on Slide 15, and it does add up to a lot of potential spending, mostly in Louisiana and Texas and across generation and transmission. My question is how much of that is already included in the CapEx plan? And is there sort of a risk adjustment for some or all of these projects? And would there be upside or down [Technical Difficulty] to the plan pending regulatory approval.
Kimberly Fontan: $37 billion through 2028. What you're seeing on 15 at list of investments, those are all -- I would assume those are in the financial plan. Anything that's not in the financial plan, we'd have to look at whatever that is in the future depending on additional customers and that sort of thing.
Operator: And our last question today comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: High-level question here with all the large load conversation and the potential need for new generation, transmission, et cetera, have you changed any of your strategic conversations when you're thinking about contracting with these customers, i.e. going from maybe shorter-term types of contracts to longer-term offtake types of contracts or fixed price types of contracts. Just wondering if you could -- if there's been any change there in your strategy?
Andrew Marsh: Not actually, not really. One of the advantages that we have is we've been serving large industrial customers for a while. And we were able to take advantage of those structures and frameworks that we had been contracting with previously that included credit provisions, fixed demand charges, what we call minimum bill, I guess, sometimes minimum bill charges and other features -- termination features and things like that. And adapt them for the current environment with -- and particularly with the data centers. But I don't think our strategy changed all that much. We -- but we have had to be disciplined with the way that we approach this so that we can make sure that we keep all of our existing customers in a good spot while we get these new customers up and running.
Travis Miller: Sure. Okay. That makes sense. And then a specific one on the Louisiana new customer. Finally, is there a precedent either in Louisiana or other states you serve or other states you've researched for a decision like this? Is there any kind of precedent ruling you've seen?
Andrew Marsh: I'm sorry, I missed the first part, a precedent ruling on transmission investment in Louisiana.
Travis Miller: No, the new customer investment.
Andrew Marsh: The new customer. Yes. Okay. Well, I mean, I think the components themselves, nothing is new that's in there. And so it's standard generation and transmission investments that have been requested before. There is a specific customer that we are aiming to serve in this docket. But outside of that -- and I think that actually helps because it helps illustrate how we will manage the overall impact to existing customer bills. And so I think that probably helps the conversation. But the investments themselves are nothing new for the commission to consider.
Travis Miller: Okay. I was thinking more of the kind of fixed price type long-term contract approval.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. Well, again, that's -- we had those kinds of contracts before. They exist in our existing tariffs that we have. In fact, in Louisiana, we have an existing high factor load-serving tariff, and that allows us to serve a lot of these large industrial customers. We're able to use that same exact tariff for the new customer.
Operator: And that does conclude our Q&A session today. Thank you so much, everyone. I will now turn the call back to Liz Hunter for closing comments. Liz?
Liz Hunter: Thank you, Greg, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 12. It provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Aaron, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Entergy's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please also note that we ask that you limit yourself to an initial question followed with a follow-up question when you were given the opportunity to speak. Thank you. And with that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Liz Hunter, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation.
Liz Hunter: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chair and CEO, Drew Marsh; and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. 2024 was a transformational year for Entergy. We had strong financial performance while also making meaningful progress to grow and derisk our business. For financial results, we are reporting 2024 adjusted EPS of $3.65, which is in the top half of our guidance range. In addition, we are raising our capital and outlook beyond 2025. Because growth in most years is now greater than our previous range of 8% to 9% and we see additional growth opportunities, we are simplifying our disclosure by removing the top end of the range. To that end, we're now simply noting our long-term growth rate through 2028 as greater than 8%. Kimberly will review the details. Our achievements in 2024 position us well to capture the growth opportunities we have on the horizon. Starting with the customer, we continue to see strong growth in our industrial segment. Industrial sales were up 8% for the year and 15% for the fourth quarter. We have seen strong growth from the natural advantages of the Gulf South for many years, and we added two large hyperscale data centers to our outlook in 2024. This growth brings important value to our stakeholders, particularly the communities we serve and our existing customer base. Today, we are announcing a new electric service agreement with a large customer in Mississippi. The customer has not announced their project, so we can't provide additional details at this time. In addition, we anticipate signing an ESA with Meta to expand their capacity needs, as detailed in supplemental testimony submitted by Entergy Louisiana last week. For the combined utility, we see industrial sales compound annual growth at 12% to 13% from 2024 through 2028. When working with very large potential customers, we aim to find ways to deliver what those companies need when they need it. At the same time, we include protections for existing customers through tools such as minimum bills, contributions in aid of construction and credit terms. These new customers also provide community enhancements through significant ad form taxes and direct investments such as workforce development and infrastructure improvements. Through this work, we continue to have a robust and diverse pipeline for potential growth above our current plan. Data centers remain the largest growth category, and we continue to have 5 to 10 gigawatts of data center opportunity within our larger pipeline. We also remain well positioned to capture additional projects as a one-stop shop. We have extensive experience, bringing large customers online. Our vertically integrated model allows us to provide complete technical solutions. Our local relationships help our new customers connect with critical stakeholders and our strong partnerships with vendors support additional growth potential. Regarding our relationships with stakeholders, our focus on stakeholder engagement has helped us move forward with our ongoing journey to be the premier utility. This starts with putting the customer first, and making sure our stakeholders fully understand their potential value. In the last year, we successfully concluded several regulatory processes through this approach. Those include final approvals of the SERI settlements; first phase approvals of more than $2 billion of resilience investment in Louisiana, Texas and New Orleans; LPSC and New Orleans City Council approval of the gas LDC sale, several rate actions across multiple jurisdictions, including the Louisiana formula rate plan renewal and the recent regulatory approval to divest Entergy Louisiana's 16% of Grand Gulf capacity in energy to Entergy Mississippi. Looking at 2025, our regulatory calendar is busy, but with more customary items. We have several formula rate plan filings. In addition, we could file transmission distribution riders in Texas if needed. We anticipate decisions on new customer-driven generation and transmission investments, including utilization of Louisiana's accelerated review process for renewables. We also expect to clarify cost recovery for the 2024 storms. And lay the groundwork in Louisiana and New Orleans for more timely storm cost recovery, which will benefit customers. In addition to the regulatory calendar, we are engaging in the legislative processes in both Texas and Arkansas. It's very early in those sessions, and we are looking at options to support investment needed for new growth opportunities to help us create significant value for our communities and to create space for more risk management investments and resilience to benefit customers. Our regulatory calendar supports a strong capital plan to serve customer growth in our region and improve the resilience and reliability of our system for the benefit of customers. We plan to invest $37 billion over the next four years, 2025 through 2028. Driven by our customer requests, we'll continue to expand our renewables portfolio. We have active requests for proposals for new renewables in Arkansas and Louisiana in addition to the planned 1,500 megawatts associated with the meta project. Our plans include investment in several new modern and efficient gas plants. This includes the Orange County Advanced Power Station in Texas and the Delta Blues facility in Mississippi that are already under construction. We also have pending regulatory approval request for a combustion turbine in Arkansas, three combined cycle facilities in Louisiana and one of each in Texas. We have a strong track record for building a highly efficient combined cycle projects despite external challenges. This gives us confidence in our ability to successfully complete the projects we are undertaking today to serve our customers demands. We have secured critical long lead time equipment with Mitsubishi Power Americas and Siemens Energy. Through these partnerships, we have clear line of sight to acquire additional equipment for subsequent projects beyond our current plan. We also have long-standing relationships with our EPC partners that can support additional projects. Each of our combined cycle plants will be configured to enable future carbon capture and sequestration. Our current capital plan does not include dollars for CCS, but we are actively working on developing projects including customer supported investment and third-party ownership options. We have a FEED study underway at the Lake Charles Power Station with an expectation to move towards a decision this year. We are also exploring expansion of our nuclear footprint, including upgrades at each of our nuclear stations and incremental 20-year license extensions. In addition, we continue to evaluate potential new nuclear options with customers and partners. As we have stated previously, these opportunities are not in our base plan, and we will carefully manage financial risk with any new nuclear investments. While we have been working hard to meet customers capacity and energy needs, we have also been actively reducing other risks facing stakeholders. Our transmission plans have grown supporting growth and improving reliability and resilience. Our current plan includes investment from the most recent MTAP 10-year plan approved in December, which included 49 projects and $1.8 billion of investment to support reliability. Additionally, we have proposed projects totaling $3.7 billion in MTAP 2025 to meet NERCs reliability standards as we grow. In addition, work authorized by the accelerated resilience approvals is underway. In 2024, we completed seven projects in Louisiana, one of which was in New Orleans. We expect the number of completed projects will grow exponentially in 2025. We plan to seek approvals for subsequent phases on a time line that would seamlessly ensure ongoing progress. As you know, we experienced two hurricanes in 2024 and our teams performed admirably, providing safe and efficient restoration. For Francine, we leveraged learning from previous storm responses, including barrel, enabling our crews to restore 90% of our customers within three days. Entergy workers also assisted other utilities in the restoration efforts following devastating storms in the Southeast. Lending over 900 people to support Helene and more than 1,100 to support Milton. And as many of you have heard, we experienced a winter weather event, Enzo in January, which brought extremely low temperatures. Our operations performed well throughout the event as our system and four of our five operating companies set new winter peak records. Another risk that we actively manage as financial health is specifically credit. We continue to make positive progress on our credit metrics in 2024, which provides financial flexibility as well as long-term customer benefits through lower cost of capital. Our work in 2024 benefited our stakeholders, including our customers, communities and all of you as owners. None of this could happen without also benefiting the other critical stakeholder, our innovative, hard-working and dedicated employees. Our employees have embraced the opportunities ahead of us. We are building a culture that supports rapid growth and change. I thank each and every employee for all they do to make Entergy successful. This is an exciting time as we continue our journey to be the premier utility. We have a very strong outlook and includes double-digit industrial sales growth and adjusted EPS CAGR well above 8%. A strong balance sheet and an improving risk profile for all stakeholders. And we continue to talk to potential customers that could bring incremental growth and additional benefits for our stakeholders. Our employees and our partners are excited about our plan and they are ready to meet the opportunities ahead. I'll now turn the call over to Kimberly.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. As Drew said, 2024 was a very exciting year. I'll provide some additional detail on the financial picture. We'll start by reviewing 2024 results, and then I'll provide an overview for 2025 and our longer term outlook. As a reminder, Entergy executed a 2-for-1 stock split in December, which doubled our share count. The share and per share data throughout our materials reflects this change. Starting on Slide 5, Entergy adjusted EPS for 2024 was $3.65. Our results reflected the investments we made to benefit our current customers6 and to support new customers and projects. This included regulatory actions across all our operating companies as well as higher depreciation and interest expense. Other income increased mainly from higher AFUDC due to construction work in progress. Weather-adjusted retail sales grew approximately 4%, driven by strong industrial growth of more than 8%, consistent with our original expectations. Large customers drove this growth primarily in the petroleum refining, chlor-alkali and technology segments. Moving to Slide 6. We closed 2024 with solid credit metrics. Our book FFO to adjusted debt was 14.7%. We estimate that Moody's and S&P's comparable metrics will be well above their thresholds. Both rating agencies will ultimately perform and publish their own calculations. In December, in response to FERC's approval of the LPSC settlement, S&P upgraded Series issuer credit rating one notch from BBB to BBB- from BB+ higher ratings should result in relatively lower borrowing costs, which benefits our customers. Given the investment needed to support customer growth, maintaining healthy credit metrics continues to be a key focus. Our current forecast outperforms the rating agency thresholds growing towards a sustainable 15% FFO to debt. As Drew mentioned, we have a four-year $37 billion capital plan, which is $2.7 billion higher than what we provided at EEI. The increase is primarily in Mississippi and Louisiana. It includes dispatchable and renewable generation capacity to support growth and reliability and customer demand for grain attributes. The incremental capital also includes distribution investments to support reliability and resilience. With the higher capital plan, we increased our equity needs by $300 million in 2026, as you can see on Slide 7. Using our ATM program, weve already secured $1.4 billion of equity, which we plan to exercise in 2025 and 2026. That leaves $3.3 billion to be sourced, 75% of which is not expected to be needed until 2027 and 2028. Slide 8 summarizes our adjusted earnings per share guidance and outlook. 2025 remains unchanged from EEI. As Drew mentioned, with our higher capital plan, we are raising our longer-term outlooks. Driving our growth rate through 2028 now well above 8%. As you can see on Slide 9, our adjusted EPS guidance range for 2025 is $3.75 to $3.95. We expect our weather-adjusted retail sales growth in 2025 to be 6%. The largest driver is industrial, which is expected to be very strong at 11% to 12%, driven by several large customers, including primary metals and data centers. Our guidance also reflects the effects of customer-centric investments. This includes AFUDC during construction and earnings on our investments in rate base after assets are placed in service as well as the associated depreciation expense, interest expense and taxes other than income tax. Utility O&M is forecasted to be lower for the year as we flexed cost up in 2024. For the first quarter, we expect our O&M to be roughly flat to first quarter last year. Additional information on specific drivers for the year as well as detailed quarterly considerations and earnings sensitivities are included in the appendix of the webcast presentation. Gulf Coast advantages have driven growth for many years, and we expect that to continue. Now we also have large data centers in our forecast, which has further diversified our customer mix. As Drew said, Entergy Louisiana expects to update its agreement with Meta to increase the capacity requirement of the existing contracts. As noted in the filing, we can serve this load without constructing any additional generation at this time. The increased load will require additional transmission facilities, which are anticipated to be paid for by the customer. The incremental volume would not have a significant effect on sales in our forecast period. As a reminder, with these very large customers, we take a conservative approach for financial planning. We do not add large customers to our forecast until we have a signed agreement, and our financial planning assumptions are at the minimum bill level for these customers. Were very proud of what we have accomplished in 2024, and we look forward to another successful year in 2025. We continue to prioritize the needs of our customers to create value for all of our key stakeholders. We have a unique growth opportunity, and were excited about what the future holds. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you, Kimberly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Drew. Drew, just to elaborate on the core drivers of the $3 billion CapEx update. Its skewed to generation and renewables. So does that kind of imply youre starting to trend towards the high end of that load growth especially as we think about the ramp-up for something like Hub 8, which I think is up to a $12 billion site. Thanks.
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Shar. Good morning. As you said in the capital plan, it is largely generation for both dispatchable and renewables, but it does have some distribution investment and theres some incremental nuclear investments to support the reliability of those as well. All of that is baked into the outlook that we have here. And as you noted, we increased the outlook as we go out into the back end of that period, reflecting those investments and the earnings on those investments.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then, two, you're not the only CEO that's talking about new nuclear, I'm just kind of curious if you just hone in on just specifically what you mean by new nuclear because one of your commissioners in Louisiana kind of highlighted large scale. And so I'm not sure if there's an appetite for SMRs in the state, and you seem to focus a little bit on the larger scale side. So is there room for large-scale reactors if there's ample risk sharing, either on the federal backstop, et cetera? Or when you mean new nuclear, are you really specific to SMRs? Thanks.
Drew Marsh: Thanks, Shar. That's a good question. We actually are looking at all forms of new nuclear, the large scale, like an AP1000, which as you all know, there are some that exist now in our country and several under construction around the world and several more that are planned. So that is, in some sense, viable supply chain for new nuclear today. And so certainly, we would be looking at that because in a lot of ways, that could derisk entry into the new nuclear space. But we are also looking at SMRs. We have MOU with Holtec to investigate their new technology. And of course, we're looking at others like GE's technology and some of the other ones that are around. So we're not exclusive to any particular new nuclear technology at this point. We are primarily looking at what's going to give our stakeholders the best risk profile and the best value. Those are going to be the driving components for us.
Shar Pourreza: And is there  just to follow-up on that one. Is there conversations at the federal level? Or is there any sort of data points we should be kind of monitoring around that? Thanks.
Drew Marsh: I mean, I think it's  most of our conversations are at the state level internally. Certainly, we're working with NEI on the federal level to facilitate continued conversations. And as you know, at the federal level, things are evolving pretty quickly right now. But there is a lot of bipartisan interest in new nuclear, so I imagine that those conversations will continue and there will be opportunities going forward in the new nuclear space.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, guys. Congrats on the execution. It's obviously very evident. Congrats.
Drew Marsh: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thanks for your questions. Our next question is from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Your line is live.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. What an update. Hey, yes. So I guess just  you signed a few more customers, the growth rate is now uncapped per se. And when I think about kind of this 5 to 10 gigawatts in the pipeline. How would you kind of simplistically frame every 1 gigawatt affecting growth? Is it  if you get another gig into the plan with similar frameworks that you just got in Mississippi and Louisiana, could that add another 100 basis points to the CAGR? Or what's kind of the simple way to frame it here since you're kind of letting people dream about where it can go.
Kimberly Fontan: Good morning, Nick. I don't know that you can do a one-for-one math. I would think about it as what investment is needed to support  customers to support the system overall, and the investment is really driving the growth. In this case, we had $2.7 billion that covered a variety of investment types. So I think each new customer would be unique and we'd have to look at what that means relative to the investments and then relative to the overall CAGR.
Drew Marsh: And it also depends on the business model of these data centers. Certainly, the customers that we've been dealing with, like Amazon and Meta that we've announced previously. Those are very large trillion plus dollar companies that have a clear expectation for their utilization of those facilities. There are others in the subscription model format that would be very different and have a very different profile. We are starting to see a little bit of interest in that particular space where we hadn't seen that previously. And so that would be a little bit different rule of thumb, perhaps. So there are different models within the data center space that could give you different outcomes as well.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. That's great. I appreciate it. And then I just wanted to address  you have a lot of organic opportunities in the growth plan today. I just wanted to acknowledge that theres an adjacent service territory thats also kind of running a sale process. And can you just address what your appetite is for anything inorganic at this point, given everything thats in front of you?
Kimberly Fontan: We certainly dont comment on specific potential opportunities, but we have the sales gas business going through, and that is an example of how a transaction met our gating criteria of it doesnt distract, it creates value and its executable. So certainly, if something meets that criteria, we would look at it. But again, we wouldnt address specific opportunities until something met those criteria.
Nicholas Campanella: Thank you.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks for questions. Our next question is from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
David Arcaro: Thanks. Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
David Arcaro: I was wondering, would you be able to frame kind of the time to market that youre able to offer for new data center customers as you look at that pipeline? Do you have  is there a certain amount of available capacity, whether its transmission or generation on your system? Or is most of this going to take incremental new infrastructure to enable in terms of future customers?
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, David. Similar to Nicks question, I think its going to depend on where the customer locates and whats needed. We have been working with our customers and with a number of stakeholders to work through that time line, whatever is needed. And we do have strong partnerships on availability of equipment as well as availability of vendors and contractors to help support the build process. I think we talked about at Analyst Day, the ability in Mississippi last year to shrink that time relative to working with the legislature and decreasing the time to build, but its going to be unique depending on the specific customer needs.
David Arcaro: Got it. Okay. Understood. And then you gave a little bit more color, I think, on the gas turbine landscape and some of the partnerships you have. I was just wondering if theres any other color you would be able to provide on the availability of production slots for gas turbines and how the pricing has trended just as youre looking out even further in your generation planning here?
Drew Marsh: Thats a good question, David. So we  something that weve been engaged in for quite a while at this point, thinking about those turbine slots and managing them carefully. As I said earlier, we have turbines and transformers and other critical equipment as well as labor to do the work. lined up for everything that weve announced, and then we have some capacity beyond what weve announced today already lined up. And were continuing to work on additional capacity beyond that because there are  we believe there are more opportunities. And so were trying to be prepared for those opportunities should they materialize. It is a much different space than it was 18 months ago for sure. And so we are clearly aware of that. Pricing is getting tougher in some cases, costs are getting more expensive just for the slots. So were mindful of that. But at this point, we havent seen anything that materially changes our expectations about where we are and what we might be able to accomplish.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is live.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for all the detail this morning. I want to pivot towards Arkansas, if I could. And just wanted any thoughts on the economic development working group in efforts to expand the existing, I guess, data center incentives there? And specifically, do you see large C&I customers taking notice of the potential in the state?
Drew Marsh: There is a lot of interest in the state for some of these large customers. And so certainly, were working with them there. And were working with all the stakeholders as well to facilitate the ability for customers like hyperscale data centers and others to come together to facilitate economic development. Weve done this before in Arkansas. We have a thriving steel industry on the East  Northeast corner of the state. At this point, there are other opportunities in lithium mining and other areas that were paying close attention to. But clearly, the data centers is something that has people's attention in Arkansas. And so we're working with all the stakeholders there to help make that a potential reality so that their communities can also benefit from this investment in growth.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Makes sense. And then just want to pivot towards the financing side, if I could. Just wondering if you could walk us through a little bit more how you're able to finance $3 billion of incremental CapEx with only the $300 million of incremental equity here. And just wondering if more of your growth projects hit, how should we think about, I guess, the  any rules of thumb for equity funding going forward?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. We've talked about a run rate of 10% to 15%. I think that's valid over our full forecast period. When we look at how to finance these, we start with operating cash flow and making sure we're optimizing that, whether that is looking at managing against our caps or using mechanisms that we have like cash and CWIP or matching timing of closings. We're making sure we're optimizing in that space. We've also had some help from our pension, which is largely fully funded, which reduces or gives us additional opportunity there in the credit space. And then with the large customers, we talk about as part of our framework, then paying their fair share. And that really means that even during the ramp period, they are supporting us, whether that is [indiscernible] or minimum bills or those types of things. And all of that together then helps us manage that equity need at the level that we have. that we've added here.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Very helpful. Ill leave it there. Thanks
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of Michael Lonegan with Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Michael Lonegan: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The resiliency programs, Phase 2 totals greater than $2 billion approved and underway. You talked about the timing of Phase 1, Phase 2 request plan when and where can we expect them? And what is included in your capital plan versus what could be incremental?
Drew Marsh: I'll answer the first part, and I'll turn the second part over to Kimberly. But in terms of the timing, we are working through the first phase right now, and we have a number of projects that are ramping up. Our overall program is ramping up right now quite rapidly. We expect to be in a position by the end of the year to begin to seek the next phase. So it could be just before the end of the year or just after the end of the year at this point, but the teams are already starting to gear up to think about what that looks like and prepare for that. With the goal of making sure that we can continue our programs, and we don't have to ramp down our work teams and then ramp them back up at some point, be much more efficient to just keep that effort moving along much more productive. So  that's where  that's kind of what we're thinking about right now. It'll be sometime the year at the end of the year a little before, perhaps a little after. And I'll turn it over to Kimberly for the second part.
Kimberly Fontan: And then from a financing perspective, similar to what we did on Phase 1, we added that incremental capital once we had clarity through the regulatory process. And so I would think about that the same way. Louisiana set up mechanism to recover that that's been quite productive. And so we look at that and then we'll get adding that incremental capital at the appropriate time once it goes through the process.
Michael Lonegan: Great. And then on the dividend, you've had a target of 6% per year. Is that a firm commitment you have? You have this 5 gigawatt to 10 gigawatt pipeline, a lot of additional capital could be coming into your plan?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We've talked about 6%, and that is an expectation. Obviously, we have a lot of growth there. And so what we've talked about before is from a payout ratio that has historically been 60% to 65%. You could see that decline somewhat over the outlook period, but not a change in the dividend percent necessarily.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hey good morning, thanks and congrats on being continued strong outlook. I guess, first, on the credit metrics we've been waiting, I think, for the nuclear PTC piece of it for you all. Is that still not included in your metrics? And if they don't define it, when would you include it?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Thats right, Steve. We have not included that in our metrics. We are still waiting on treasury guidance. I dont know when that will come out. And we do view that as credit positive. Well have to look at if they dont define it, well have to make a decision later this year on what to  how to proceed there. But it is not in our forecast as you noted.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. And then, Drew, I think you mentioned legislative activity in Texas and Arkansas to support growth. Could you talk to a little bit more what youre either seeing or where youre supporting in those states?
Drew Marsh: Well, I think the main thing thats that were focusing on right now is growth elements, things that can support growth in both states. We had a question earlier about Arkansas in particular. So there are potential  there is the potential for bills to show up in Arkansas that could help facilitate economic development within the state, and we would hope to be a part of that. In Texas, theres similar activity to support it. But also were looking at risk opportunities, particularly around the resilience space that could help us. Things like accelerated cost recovery that could benefit customers would be something that we would be hoping to see as a potential bill. Things like managing the recovery of assets that are taking out of service when resilience investments are made perhaps a little differently than where they are today to help manage our credit in that scenario. Those are examples of things. But its still very early in the process. There isnt really anything filed at this point. I think that we expect several thousand bills to be filed ultimately in Texas. I think theres maybe 100 that are out there at this point. So its still very early in the process.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. One last clarification. So the updated plan does include this unnamed Mississippi customer and the  and then the expansion at Meta, although some of that might be going beyond 2028 in terms of some of the benefits because the sales growth didnt change that much? Yes.
Kimberly Fontan: Thats right, Steve. The forecast includes the both updated customers with the note that as you noted in the sales volume, the Meta is largely outside this period from a volume perspective.
Drew Marsh: So youre seeing like AFUDC and some other things in the EPS.
Steve Fleishman: So as youre building the investment for it, okay.
Drew Marsh: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Julien Smith with Jefferies. Your line is live.
Julien Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Very nicely done. Really kudos to all of you. Maybe to follow up.
Drew Marsh: Thanks.
Julien Smith: Absolutely, really. Maybe just to follow up a little bit on the conversation on the cash flows. You all provide a little bit of a slide showing at least as present, your Moody's and S&P projections and a little bit of a downtick in 2026. Can you speak a little bit to how you think about earned ROEs as you lean into this ramp in spend? Are you thinking that there could be some pressure on earned returns? Or do you think when you look at the outlook that you'll be able to manage through the uptick in spending without having an impact on earned returns given some of the dynamics, whether it's legislative or otherwise?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Thanks, Julien. I'll start with credit and then switch to ROEs. On your note on credit, you can see that it builds towards 15%. There's a couple of onetime items in 2026, including the change in the Louisiana state tax rate that drives some adjustments happening in 2026 that you noted in that downturn. In the  from an ROE perspective, I would think about what we talked about at Analyst Day that the ROEs are improving over the forecast period from 9% to 9.5%. That is still our expectation. And we are working that with all of our stakeholders. So I think we continue to expect to see that over this period?
Julien Smith: Well, truly incredible on both fronts. And then maybe a little bit of a nuanced follow-up here. You talked about the nuclear earlier. It seems like Texas is really contemplating a new nuclear fund of sorts. Any thoughts about tapping into that? Is that driving some of the accelerated thought process in your mind as you talk about it today?
Drew Marsh: Certainly, it's something that if they actually created a fund for new nuclear, it's something that we would look at as another tool in the toolkit to help manage risk. So that is  that is interesting to us. We'll see if that materializes, if that comes out of legislation or however it goes. But our focus is going to be on risk management, and anything that's available out there to help us with that at the state, the federal level with customers, with vendors or with a consortium of owners, maybe other utilities. There's lots of different opportunities out there to help manage the risk, diversify the risks that are out there, such that it's something that we could manage within our frameworks. So that's  that would be an interesting tool, but it's just one of many ways for us to manage the overall effort.
Julien Smith: Yes. I appreciate the risk emphasis. Thank you, guys, very much. All the best.
Drew Marsh: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson: Hey. Congratulations, guys.
Drew Marsh: Thanks Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just  I know you guys are focused on and I apologize if I missed this, I know you guys are focused on affordability, and you mentioned the  these large customers paying for themselves. Could you would this update sort of give a flavor where you see rates kind of going through this forecast period?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, Paul, we do focus heavily on affordability. We do have the forward curve on gas in our forecast, which is going to drive some increase. I think at Analyst Day, we had talked about occur without fuel of about 3.5%, and we are in that range, slightly above that range here. What you're seeing is increase in investment. And then as Steve noted, the sales come in after that, and so you'll see some moderation of that when the sales come in.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just on the new nuke, when do you think we might see potential announcement? What's the earliest that we could maybe hear something on that?
Drew Marsh: I don't think there's  there's let me just say there's nothing imminent around new nuclear. We are working on it. We're thinking about it, but it will take us a while to put that framework together. But it is something that we are working on and we are interested in and our customers are interested in. So we are having ongoing conversations, but I wouldn't anticipate anything this year in terms of an announcement.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. We have a final question from today from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Your line is live.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Travis Miller: A quick one here. The Amazon facility. Wonder if you had any update on progress there, filings, et cetera. The Mississippi?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, their work is under construction and its ongoing right now. We have constructed our first substation and it is live and serving them. And so, it's underway and we hope that, that's the first phase of a lot of growth for Amazon in the state of Mississippi.
Travis Miller: Great. Okay. And then higher level, when you're going out there and talking with not just data centers but any of the large load customers, who's the competition? What o are their services are they looking at? Is it on site, is it some other provider? Just want to earn kind of very high level with the large load customers who you're competing against essentially for these large contracts?
Drew Marsh: Well, I think, I would say we're competing against with everybody. I mean, these data centers can locate anywhere in the world, quite literally. And so we, I think that means that everybody could compete with us. We offer what we believe is a great value proposition around our ability to serve large load customers. We have a lot of experience with that. We have, since we're a vertically integrated utility, we can provide a complete technical solution. That means that we can provide a transmission element, we can provide generation elements that includes green attributes. We can interface with the RTO, we can provide the retail access, we can do everything that they need from a technical perspective. And then of course, since we are regulated utility in vertically integrated, we have tremendous relationships within the communities that we operate in, which means that we can make introductions to all the key stakeholders, critical stakeholders that be part of a large economic development project. And we've done that for a long time. That's not actually a new thing. It goes with kind of the first bullet, but it is, an emphasis of ours around stakeholder engagement to be able to do that. And so, those things we believe create a very competitive offering for us relative to other folks literally around the world.
Travis Miller: Yes. Okay, well, very good, that's helpful. Thank you.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks for your questions. And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our Q&A session for today. Liz, I'd like to turn the call back over to you.
Liz Hunter: Thank you, Aaron and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on March 3rd and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergy's investor relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Entergy's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And I will now turn the call over to Liz Hunter, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation. Liz, the floor is yours.
Liz Hunter: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chair and CEO, Drew Marsh, and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation, and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation both of which can be found on the Investor Relations' section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Liz. Good morning everyone. We've had a very productive quarter, and we're excited to give you an update this morning. We're reporting strong financial and business results that include important progress on our growth strategy, with significant new capital investment plan to support customer requirements. I'll start with earnings. Today, we are reporting strong quarterly adjusted EPS of $2.99. With our results to-date and three quarters behind us, we are raising the bottom of the guidance range by $0.10. We're also raising our longer-term outlook, driven by the new capital investment to support higher industrial sales and growing interest in clean energy products. Our industrial sales growth story continues to be robust. With developments since Analyst Day, we now see an industrial sales compound annual growth rate of 11% to 12% through 2028, 300 basis points higher. The change is primarily due to a large new customer in Louisiana, with whom we have executed an electric service agreement. We don't disclose specific customer details without their consent, so we can't provide additional information at this time. In addition, many large industrial customers are looking to our operating companies for clean energy products to support their decarbonization goals. We are seeing strong customer interest in renewable green tariffs and nuclear clean tariffs. We're also working with stakeholders in a broader array of clean offerings, including technologies like CCS and advanced nuclear. Collectively, this means that our preliminary capital plan through 2028 is $7 billion higher than at Analyst Day, driven by new transmission as well as incremental generation investments, including renewables. We will have more details at EEI. There are several examples -- excuse me, there are several areas where we've already made progress to support growth. For example, we continue to add renewables to our system. Entergy Arkansas' Walnut Bend Solar, a 100-megawatt project that was a build-owned transfer partnership with Invenergy is now in service. Entergy Arkansas also closed on the 180-megawatt West Memphis Solar and 250-megawatt Driver Solar projects. We now have close to 800 megawatts of sold resources in service in more than 2,600 megawatts of specific projects that are in process, approved or under regulatory review. Beyond this, we continue to plan for more customer-driven renewable projects, including through a recently issued RFP aimed at Entergy Louisiana's new streamlined approval process. Since Analyst Day, we've announced four very large, efficient large-scale dispatchable generation projects, three today in Louisiana and on several weeks ago in Mississippi. The 750-megawatt dual fuel combined cycle combustion turbine units will be hydrogen-ready and enable for future carbon capture and storage. To support successful execution, each of these plants is expected to use a standardized design. We have a proven track record of successfully executing large projects. using strong, disciplined and standardized processes, we successfully built five major generation projects over the last decade with a sixth project, the Orange County Advanced Power Station in Texas currently on track. This experience and expertise are especially important to support the tremendous growth on the horizon. Preparing for CCS is an important part of that conversation because of the Clean Air Act Section 111B currently requires new gas fire generation to have CCS in place by 2032. Additionally, we are in active discussions with customers who are interested in a variety of low-carbon generation solutions including CCS. As we previously discussed, Entergy Louisiana received a grant to complete a front-end engineering and design or FEED study at the Lake Charles Power Station. We are also working with Crescent's Midstream to assess the technical and financial feasibility of executing carbon capture and storage at LCPS in a manner that ensures public safety and addresses the interest of our communities. Once completed, the learnings from this work will benefit future CCS projects. Ultimately, we believe is a CCS is a critical technology to comply with eventual federal emissions requirements to help our customers meet their decarbonization objectives and for us to achieve our 2050 net-zero movement safely and responsibly. Another critical clean and reliable energy is nuclear. Beyond our sizable existing fleet and capabilities, we are well positioned to evaluate and ultimately pursue new nuclear options. We are actively exploring potential power upgrades at our existing facilities that could total as much as 300 megawatts. We have an early site permit that was issued by the NRC in 2007 for potential new reactor at the Grand Gulf site. We have a memorandum of understanding with Holtec to evaluate its SMR technology for use in our service area. At the same time, we are participating in several industry working groups that are evaluating other SMR technologies and potential development opportunities. And finally, we are participating in state working groups in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, that are evaluating the potential for nuclear expansion in those states. Our work in this area supports ongoing customer conversations on options that could accelerate new nuclear investments. Each of these generation technologies, solar and storage, CCS and new nuclear as well as potentially win is important to achieve reliability, affordability, and sustainability outcomes for our customers. We see significant potential customer value from each, and we are well positioned to help capture that value for our customers. We are working with a broad set of stakeholders to understand and we are confident we will address any safety, economic, social, or other concerns related to these technologies. And as with all investments, we will be disciplined in evaluating the risk and economic impacts before meaningful capital is deployed. Yesterday, Entergy Louisiana submitted its request to the LPSC for approval of a set of transmission and generation investments that will support the new customer in Louisiana. In order to support the customer's desired time line, we've requested a decision in September next year. We know that many of you are interested in seeing this filing. It will not be available on the LPSC's website until closer to the time it is published in their bulletin on November 8th. Therefore, we have posted the public version of the application to the Regulatory & Other page on our Investor Relations' website. The application provides an overview and summary of the filing. We plan to submit a separate filing to request approval for renewable projects to support the customers' clean energy goals. This new customer will bring substantial benefits to the state and local communities as well as our existing customers and other key stakeholders. For example, this development will provide meaningful opportunities to grow our communities through jobs, through new sources of tax revenue and improved quality of life. And it's bringing these benefits to a region of Louisiana that has been economically disadvantaged for decades. The project will also diversify Louisiana's economy while providing significant opportunity for future development in the state. Electric sales revenue and other contributions from this customer will cover an appropriate share of the cost to serve, including the marginal costs associated with investments needed to support this customer as well as a portion of our current costs. including investments in resilience that are so critical to Louisiana. With this approach and our ongoing focus on efficiencies, we expect to maintain competitive rates below the national average. The stakeholder engagement model that we laid out at Analyst Day was the foundation for bringing this customer to Entergy Louisiana. As an integrated utility, we can provide generation, transmission, and retail requirements together in one solution. Our deep stakeholder relationships and history can facilitate alignment among all parties, state and local government, communities, regulators, and the customer. And our solutions can leverage existing partnerships and regulatory mechanisms to accelerate timelines. The combination of these factors allows us and our stakeholders to successfully deliver speed-to-market, which is a critical consideration for these large projects. The four macro trends I discussed at Analyst Day, onshoring clean energy, electrification, and technology, are in full force and driving strong growth in our service area. In addition to the growth already in our outlooks, we could see additional sales to large customers and associated capital investments within the outlook period. We're excited about our growth progress, and we look forward to talking to you about it at EEI. Moving beyond the growth update. I have a few more things that I want to cover. We talked about our storm preparedness both operationally and financially. We have developed and refined plans that are purposeful, repeatable, and sustainable, and we're seeing the benefits. This year, we've had two hurricanes in our service area. We talked about Beryl last quarter. Today, I will cover Francine, Category 2 storm. To start, we are thankful that we had zero OSHA recordable injuries with more than 550,000 work hours. And the headline is that we restored power to 90% of our customers within just three days, keeping customers and key stakeholders well informed throughout the restoration. This outstanding outcome was due to a combination of previous resilience investments, detailed planning and preparation, methodical and safe execution and robust stakeholder communications. I thank all our employees for their hard work and dedication to restore power safely and as quickly as possible, so workers could go home to their families and our customers could return to their everyday lives. Kimberly will cover the cost estimates in a moment. Our storm response efforts didn't stop with our customers. We also provided mutual assistance to our neighboring utilities for Hurricanes Helene and Milton to help restore power in those communities. To that, I want to again thank our teams for the extra effort. I also want to thank the mutual assistance workers who supported our customer restoration after Francine and Beryl. Mutual assistance is unique to our industry, and it's a great example of how utilities work together for the greater good in the moments that matter. While the investments we make every day harden our system, the launch of our resilience program marks the start of a more comprehensive grid strengthening effort. After the Commission approved Entergy Louisiana's $1.9 billion accelerated resilience plan in April, we officially kicked off Phase 1 with the groundbreaking for the first project in the Lake Charles area where we will be investing $107 million to upgrade 148 miles of power lines. Many more projects are getting underway, and we expect to reach our full ramp early next year. We're making progress on establishing our formal accelerated resilience programs in other jurisdictions as well. The New Orleans City Council approved $100 million of investments over the next two years. This is in addition to the New Orleans East project selected for a DOE Grid Resilience and Innovation Partnerships or GRIP grant that the council approved earlier this year. We are excited to start on this phase of projects to bring the benefits of a more resilient system to our customers in New Orleans. We also reached a settlement on the first phase of Entergy Texas resilience plan. which includes $335 million of investment, $200 million of which is contingent on a grant from the Texas Energy Fund. We expect the commission to take up the settlement by year-end. In addition, two of our operating companies recently were selected for federal grants that will provide resilience benefits to our customers at a lower cost. Entergy Louisiana successfully partnered with three parishes to be selected for the Building Resilient Infrastructure and Communities or BRIC grants that will provide $68 million in funding for projects. At nearly the same time, Entergy Texas received a $54 million GRIP award per project that will protect communities around Port Arthur, including a major port that has been previously impacted by extreme weather. Along the way, we completed several large projects this year across the system that improve our resilience and serve as proof points for our resilient efforts. The Avenue C project in New Orleans, which many of you toured at Analyst Day is now completed. You may recall that it showcased several resilience oriented distribution technologies. The Port Bolivar and Palms elevated substations at Texas were completed before Beryl and easily withstood the effects of that storm. And notably, Port Foshan and the coastal city of Grand Isle in Louisiana, maintained access to power throughout Francine after resilience investments were made there following Hurricane Ida in 2021. The progress on resilience is further evidence that a customer-first approach remains the key to achieve regulatory outcomes that benefit all stakeholders. This approach has also supported our progress on other regulatory engagements. During the past quarter, the Louisiana Public Service Commission unanimously approved several items that renewed Entergy Louisiana's formula rate plan for three years, resolved all claims against system energy, approved the sale of Louisiana's LDC business and authorize the divestiture of Louisiana's share of Grand Gulf Energy and capacity to Mississippi. Relatedly, we have requested state commission and FERC approvals to divest Louisiana share of Grand Gulf energy and capacity to Mississippi. We are targeting a January 1st effective date. New formula rate plans were effective in September for New Orleans following its normal process and for Louisiana following the Commission's approval for the three-year formula rate plan extension. These results are the foundation for the customer growth that benefits all stakeholders, which we discussed earlier, and they have not happened by accident. They are the product of the ongoing shift in the way we approach our business by embedding customer centricity and stakeholder engagement into everything we do. We've had a very successful quarter. We made steady progress across key customer operational, regulatory, and finance fronts. We're raising the bottom of our 2024 adjusted EPS guidance range and increasing our longer-term outlook as a result of our new customer-driven capital plan. By continuing to put our customers first, we remain focused on delivering premium value to each of our key stakeholders. Look forward to talking to all of you at EEI, about Entergy's unique and robust growth story. Before I turn the call over to Kimberly, I want to acknowledge that this call also marks a couple of important transitions for us. First, Bill Abler is moving to a new role, leading the commercial planning and operations for our utilities. And Liz Hunter, who introduced this call is stepping in. Liz comes into the role with strong experience in our treasury operations, including fixed income and rating agency interactions. We are excited for both, and both will be at EEI in a little over a week as we complete our succession plan. The second transition is personally much more bitter-sweet. After 25 years, the last six is and a half as our Utility Group President, Rod West is retiring from Entergy and today marks his last earnings call. Rod has accomplished much over his career and recently, he has been critical to the redesign of our customer growth and stakeholder engagement efforts. He leaves us well-positioned to succeed because of the foundations he established and much of my comments today reflect those efforts. Rod will also be with us a final time at EEI. Although given his track record, I suspect we haven't seen the last of him. I'll now turn the call over to Kimberly, who will review our financial results for the quarter as well as our long-term outlook.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew and good morning everyone. As Drew said, we've had a strong quarter, and with the bulk of the year behind us, we are raising the bottom of our guidance range by $0.10. We've also increased our capital plan in response to stronger customer growth and continued demand for renewables. As a result, we are raising our long-term outlook starting in 2026. As you can see on Slide 5, our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $2.99. This is lower than last year as last year's results included impacts from extremely hot weather. Excluding the effects of weather, earnings for the quarter increased. Results included regulatory actions across the jurisdictions net of expense increases from our customer-centric investments, primarily higher interest and depreciation expenses. Weather-adjusted retail sales growth was 5%, with our largest increase from industrials at 10%, residential and commercial also contributed. O&M was also a benefit this quarter, mainly due to increased flex spending in 2023. This quarter's O&M result was in line with expectations that we provided on the last call. Turning to Slide 6. Our operating cash flow remains healthy at nearly $1.6 billion, which is $157 million higher than last year. Key drivers for the increase include the timing of fuel and purchase power payments and the timing of pension contributions. Turning to credit and liquidity on Slide 7, our credit metric outlooks remain at or above agency expectations. In August, S&P upgraded SERI's senior secured credit rating from BBB to BBB+ and maintained its positive outlook as a result of the progress we made resolving outstanding litigation at SERI. S&P noted that SERI's ratings could be further upgraded when SERI settlement with the LPSC receives FERC approval. In September, S&P changed Entergy New Orleans outlook to stable from developing as a result of several constructive regulatory orders. As Drew mentioned, our teams had an exceptional response to Hurricane Francine, including from a cost perspective. Our current estimate is approximately $220 million to $240 million, roughly 85% of which is in Louisiana. We have begun engaging with regulators to ensure timely and efficient cost recovery. We don't expect to utilize securitization for this level of storm cost. Just as a reminder, we have $254 million in storm escrows available in Louisiana and $83 million in New Orleans. Turning to outlook. As Drew mentioned, our 2024 to 2028 capital plan has increased by $7 billion since Analyst Day to support higher industrial sales and continued customer interest in renewables. The new capital will be financed through a combination of higher operational cash flows and incremental debt and equity. We have submitted applications for $2.4 billion of loans from the DOE. These funding requests are currently in the second phase of the process and can lower our cost of debt for the benefit of our customers. Our previous plan called for $1.4 billion of equity in 2025 and 2026. We use forward contracts under the ATM to source the full amount of that need in just 10 months. Those contracts are expected to be settled and cash proceeds received in 2025 and 2026. With our latest capital plan, net of the contracted forwards, we expect our remaining equity needs to be $3 billion in 2026 to 2028. More than 80% of this is expected to close in 2027 and 2028. We can easily satisfy this need with the ATM, which remains an effective and cost-efficient tool. As I said earlier, we narrowed our 2024 adjusted EPS guidance range by raising the floor $0.10. Updated assumptions are provided on our progress against guidance slide in the appendix of our webcast presentation. We've discussed how we flex spending to benefit customers and produce steady predictable results. As a result of third quarter weather and other changes we will once again flex our spending for the remainder of the year in areas like vegetation maintenance, which improves customer experience and reduces risk. As a result of the new capital plan, we raised our adjusted EPS outlook, which are detailed on Slide 9. This year, we are giving a four-year outlook to provide a better understanding of the new sales growth, incremental capital and resulting impacts. As you can see, the out-year adjusted EPS has stepped up meaningfully with a $0.35 to $0.85 annual increase between 2026 and 2028. The Board recently approved a 6% dividend increase. We expect to maintain that growth rate throughout the outlook period. As we do this, the payout ratio will decline as we support the strong growth in the business. We believe this is a good balance of supporting growth and returning capital to our owners. Also, consistent with the higher growth we are seeing, Entergy's Board recently approved a 2-for-1 stock split. Trading on a split-adjusted basis will begin on December 13. The outlook we have shown you today are on a pre-split basis. We will begin reporting on a post-flood basis starting on the fourth quarter call. Entergy's management team will be in EEI in less than two weeks, where we will give a comprehensive update that will include more details on our capital plan, our outlooks and the preview of 2025 drivers. We continue to highlight our unique and robust growth story and evidence of our success capturing growth continues to play out. We are excited about the opportunities ahead of us and look forward to seeing you at EEI. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question today comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Shar, your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys.
Andrew Marsh: Morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Morning Drew. Congrats obviously on a great quarter and a lot of updates. Obviously, big news on the 2026 inflection to 8% to 9% EPS growth. Can you provide color on kind of what drove such a major change. The Northern Louisiana customer deal looks huge, the 2.2 gigs of new generation and associated agreements. But have you changed kind of your probability of other load interconnections? Do you see more deals coming soon? And is the investment fully covered on the rate agreement? Or does it rely on the FRP as well? Thanks.
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Shar. It's Kimberly. Thanks for the question. As you saw, the step-up in 2026 is supported by that incremental capital that really supports that significant customer growth, but we have a significant amount of growth already baked in our plan from a probability basis. And then as we've talked before, there are certain customers that we don't add until we have signed ESAs, which Drew referenced earlier. So that is supporting that growth and then the step-up in the EPS. From a -- I think you had a second question that I may have lost.
Shar Pourreza: I guess is the investment fully covered under the rate agreement? Or does it rely on the FRP as well?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, we can't talk specifically about that particular customer, but our investments, we expect to be fully recoverable in our -- under our rate mechanisms that we have in place that continue to show progress against. Drew mentioned our Louisiana moved forward the FRP for the next three years, and we expect that to be a good use to continue to recover our investments.
Andrew Marsh: And Shar, the punchline for that is that this customer will be covering their marginal costs. And of course, they'll pick up a portion of the fixed cost for the overall Entergy Louisiana company, which includes some of the overheads for storms and resilience investments and things like that. So, they're picking up their fair share and other customers should benefit from this new customer coming in.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then the deal to transfer SERI from Louisiana to -- LPSC to MS, does that create an additional capacity need for Louisiana can you satisfy that with the 3 gigs of solar or does there need to be a resource adequacy backstop? And any kind of thoughts on consolidating SERI into a single state Mississippi asset?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. To the first part of your question, we have been considering -- we always watch the capacity relative to the probability of the sales growth that we have and all of that is considered and we think we can manage the capacity needs for Louisiana as well as for Mississippi going forward. So, we don't see any incremental above what's in the plan relative to that question. As far as consolidation, I mean, I think we are anticipating the FERC to approve the transfer of the Louisiana share to Mississippi. And then that additional capacity to Mississippi, and we'll go from there. But no further changes at this point.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. There are -- it's about 200 megawatts that's moving over, and that's easily managed within Entergy Louisiana's overall portfolio. There's lots of opportunities from, as you mentioned, solar there's potential for nuclear up rates in Louisiana. And of course, there's other investments that we can make in existing assets and new generating assets that will cover maybe even the balance. But it shouldn't be that big of a of a lift for Entergy Louisiana.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And just before I sign off, I just want to take a second and obviously, congratulate Rod. I know we know none of what we're seeing today could have kind of been done without his leadership and he's been such an integral part of Entergy's success. I mean he coined the phrase stakeholder engagement. So, I'm personally looking forward to seeing him kind of transfer his skills to another utility, God knows some could really use his skills. And obviously, big congrats to abler he knows what it means to us, hopefully, one day, I tell them over time, I can hit this Peloton output, but that's all I ask. See you guys soon.
Andrew Marsh: All right. Thank you, Shar.
Rod West: Hey Shar, it's Rod. You're very kind, and look forward to seeing you and others at EEI. Thank you.
Operator: Great. And our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Nicholas, your line is open.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey thank you and first off, I'll echo Shar's comments, what a way to pass the torch and congrats to Bill and Rod, been great working with you guys. So, I just wanted to ask quickly, you kind of mentioned the growth rate is stepping up here post 2025. Can you talk about that 8% to 9% being sustainable past 2020? And what are the long-term drivers that maybe allow for that?
Andrew Marsh: Well, I think the -- Nick, that's a good question. The things that we talked about at Analyst Day are the underlying drivers of that are various categories of onshoring and clean energy, electrification technology. Those are still very much in full force. And in fact, we expect some of them to really start to pick up as we get into the next decade is around -- particularly around clean energy and electrification as society continues to evolve towards electrification, but importantly, as our customers continue to need to drive their decarbonization plans forward. Many of them should be really kicking into gear as we get into the next decade. We are still having conversations with large potential high load factor customers. And they are in a variety of industries. They're not just data centers. They are in -- some of our traditional industrial categories. And so that's really exciting for us. I mean, the size of these facilities as they begin to think about electrification in the industrial space continue to grow. And as you all know, we have some very large traditional industrial customers. And so they are -- they continue to grow as they add on and clean up their energy mix as well. So, that's what we see driving us well out into the future, along with some of the expectations that we've had for the last dozen or so years, where we've had just the advantages of where we're located and the commodity advantages from the Gulf Coast versus other places in the world. So, we do expect this to continue on. It's obviously -- it's continuing to grow, but that's what we're anticipating, and we've been ramping for that opportunity to arrive.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Well, thank you for that. And then just secondly, I can't help but notice when you kind of talked about some of the drivers here. You mentioned that you're looking at advanced nuclear. Can you just kind of expand on some of your comments. Would this all kind of be within the regulated cohort? And in regards to the working group that you talked about with nuclear crews in that group? And would that kind of -- are you kind of pointing to something more of like a large-scale multi-state effort on like an AP1000 or otherwise? Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Not necessarily pointing to any specific thing, interesting question of nuclear, certainly, that's something that we believe in. We believed in for a long time. It hasn't always been a popular belief, but we still think that it is going to be critical for us to meet our ultimate requirements, not just for us as a company, but for us as a society to meet our carbon objectives out in the future. So, we've been excited about nuclear for a long time, and we are having ongoing conversations. And I went through a long list of things that we're doing. I won't repeat those. And we obviously don't have anything to announce specifically today, but we are working towards that. Our group of stakeholders that I mentioned, I guess, I could broaden that piece out, it's vendors, it's communities, it's elected leaders, it's our commissioners in some cases. It's a wide group of folks that have similar interest. All of them recognize all of the, what I call, the policy benefits associated with nuclear, things like, of course, clean energy, but a large number of jobs, a large number, a big tax base, big community contributors from a volunteer perspective. And from the grid's perspective, of course, they are very good, stable assets that really hold up the grid in important ways. So, there's a lot of policy reasons why you would like nuclear. And of course, there are a lot of challenges with getting past first of a kind, and that's the kind of stuff that we're talking about, how do we manage through those things to get through those first hurdles to get to where we all want to be, which is all those policy objectives that we think will help us get to net-zero in the future.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Thanks so much.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Nick.
Operator: Thanks Nick. And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Julien, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team and seriously, congratulations to all. Rod, Bill, team. I mean, just kudos all around, that culminates things very nicely here, honestly. Look, maybe just following up on what Nick was just saying a second ago here. I mean as you think about the resource mix here, I mean, you mentioned a lot about solar and solar in storage hybrid resources. But again, going back to this SMR conversation that's been front and center here. I mean, is there a potential of a nuclear structure that would be ownership? Or is it more of a build on transfer? I don't want to be hold in too much, but obviously, with the amount of load growth that you guys are looking at, all the seriously considering it, I imagine.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. We're looking at a number of different structures, of course, you just have to keep in mind the scale of a nuclear project relative to the scale of some of our operating companies. And so there's -- it's a pretty big undertaking from a risk perspective to ask an Entergy Mississippi to build a project that could be $10 billion is bigger than their whole asset base as it exists today. So, it's those kinds of things are a real challenge, and we have to work through them in order to be successful here. So that's the -- those are the -- I guess, as an example of some of the conversations that we're having. So, we haven't landed on a specific structure or anything like that. I imagine ownership would be an expectation for us simply because of a long-term contract for our nuclear unit would also probably flow to our balance sheet in some important ways as well. And that could be a credit challenge for us. So, ownership role ultimately, I think the important and of course, we are experienced with that. So, we're not concerned with that particular angle.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. I mean -- and given the backdrop here, I mean you seem to be having real success in attracting -- you have a track record of attracting large industrial resources over the years and now you've seen -- you're seemingly successful in pivoting that same track record into looking at data centers. I mean to what extent could you continue to see these transformational type customers announced? Is there a lot more there, there that you could see across your various states here? I mean I hesitate to say that this is it, especially given how much you've tailored yourself to some of these larger loads over the years?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, we don't think this is it. At Analyst Day, we laid out some pretty large numbers, multiple gigawatts in several different spaces where we do believe there is opportunity for us. And that is -- that conversation was based on actual customer conversations. That wasn't us in the back room trying to do some math to figure out what the -- or the possible was, those were actual conversations that we're having with customers today. So, we do think more is possible. It doesn't mean it's all going to arrive right away. Some of these projects take years to get off the ground. But we do think it's going to happen eventually, otherwise, we wouldn't have brought it up.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Fair enough guys. Thank you very much. I'll leave it there.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Thanks Julien. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Fowler with Bank of America. Ross, your line is open.
Ross Fowler: Thanks Morning. And Rod and Bill, congratulations to both look forward to seeing you both at EEI. So, just a couple of questions. One on nuclear side, the recent Nuclear Summit hosted by the Mississippi Public Service Commission, that highlighted a lot of regulatory support for nuclear in the state. And would you say other states and jurisdictions across your service territory aligned with that? Or how should I think about it?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, I would say there is a lot of interest in each jurisdiction on -- about new nuclear because of all those policy things that I was talking about a minute ago. there are formal processes and group set up in Texas, Mississippi and in Louisiana to explore. They -- each of them has multiple stakeholders involved, and we're excited about that. That's the way we like to operate. We like to operate with a lot of stakeholder engagement. So, that's all good. And so we're continuing to participate in those opportunities and those conversations going forward.
Ross Fowler: Okay. Thank you. And then maybe on the industrial project in Northern Louisiana which you are bringing a lot more detail here a little bit over a week at EEI, but it looks like from the filing, they're going to pay for about 1.5 gigs of solar. And then can you just let us know, is this a data center or not a data center? And is this involved with the Holly Ridge East site with the Northeast site? Or is that another site up there that could be further developed? Thanks.
Rod West: Yes, as is the case with most of the large projects, we can't -- and we usually don't identify the type or the scope of the customer until that customer is ready to disclose. So, we wouldn't be in a position on the call to provide any more detail than what Drew laid out in his opening statements.
Ross Fowler: Okay, I'll wait for EEI. Thanks guys.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks Ross.
Rod West: Thanks Ross.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Steve, your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you. Thanks for Halloween treat. Rob definitely wish you the best, and I'm sure we will cross path. So, I just want to clarify on the guidance change. The CapEx and sales change, is it -- is all of that directly this one customer and related spending? Or is there other pieces to it or is it really just the one customer?
Andrew Marsh: There is more to it, Steve, it's not just one customer. We have significant additional solar investment. We have incremental transmission investment to support our customers for. Obviously, a big chunk of the sales, as I said, is related to the one customer. But the capital is not just related to one customer.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So, it's the capital. But I mean, is the spending on the capital related to getting the system ready for the -- that incremental load or just -- there's a little bit of other stuff, I guess, on the edges.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, there is. It's not just a little bit. It's a significant amount of other stuff when it comes to the capital, but most of that I would say, is related to that.
Steve Fleishman: And then you have already -- you had already announced some new gas plants in Texas, CCGT there. Is the cost roughly similar for -- since it sounds like the engineering and such is going to be very similar to these other CCGTs?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. As Drew said in his comments, Steve, that we expect them to all be standardized designs. So the Texas cost is -- every site will be different based on how much transmission is needed and how they are specifically financed and specifically located, but generally, they are all in the same ballpark.
Andrew Marsh: And the regulatory fees around it, like Mississippi, we were able to get cash CWIP versus in Texas. And so there's a little bit of -- there will be some more flavors in Louisiana when we're able to talk about that.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then on the balance sheet and such, it seems like the incremental equity needed to fund the incremental CapEx is relatively modest. I think you had -- I can't remember the exact number, but you had a decent amount of -- not that different than the $3 billion already. So, is that just because the cash flows are getting better and the like?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, Steve, we had about $1.7 billion previously in 2027 and 2028. And the way we have structured both the addition of this customer as well as the funding of the capital that we've added, the renewables, for example, go under the green tariffs that are in place in many of our jurisdictions, it enables incremental cash flow that helps support the financing and then -- and enables us to put in that moderate amount of equity, as you noted.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then the metrics, are you comfortably above the 14%. And have you started including the nuclear PTC and some of that stuff yet? Or is that still not included?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, we are comfortably above the 14%. We continue to build towards 15% over the outlook period. have not included the nuclear PTCs that we think were eligible for them, and we think that they are credit positive as we've discussed before. And Louisiana in their settlement agreed to amortizing those over a period of time, which gives that credit up lift. We did include the corporate minimum tax that we previously were going to use the PTCs assume those offsets. So, we -- in our forecast that we continue to build towards 15%, we've included the minimum tax, but not the PTC, which would give you further uplift is what we would expect.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Last question just since you brought up new nuclear. Just -- I know you can't go into most of the details and things are still being developed. But maybe, Drew, you could just talk to how you're approaching the risk you would be willing to take on developing new nuclear? And also, they tend to be very large capital projects and so just in terms of like project risk?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, I think that's a good question, Steve. Obviously, I can't go into any specific details because we're in ongoing conversations about these types of things. But as I mentioned earlier, we have to take into account the size of the company relative to the size of the investment. And so I think ultimately, we'll have to make sure we have customers that can pay for this kind of investment. And so it will have to end up being a customer-led thing. That's what we'll be looking at. And there are many stakeholders involved. There's -- of course, there's us. There's the communities and the states and then there's the customer and the conversation will be about how do we collectively manage all the various risks that are out there so that we can get one of these things built or perhaps many of these things built. So, it's -- that's going to be the conversation as we get -- especially as we get up to [ nth of a kind. I think as an nth of a kind, you might have a different kind of a conversation around how to spread the risk, but certainly upfront. There'll be a lot of in-depth conversation about how do we share the risk.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Thank you very much.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks Steve. And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Jeremy, your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Rod, thank you very much for saving this great update for the end here. We appreciate it. We'll miss you. And Bill will miss you from your currency as well, but, thank you. Maybe just moving to the business here and one just -- come back to the tariff commentary for this new customer here. Do you see this as a framework that's replicable going forward? Or is this kind of onetime in nature? Just wanted to see, I guess, your thoughts on the outlook there?
Kimberly Fontan: Good morning Jeremy. Thanks for the question. As we talked before, our framework really is making sure that our customers -- that new customers that are added are supporting their fair share. And we did that in Mississippi with the work of the governor and the legislature there to make sure that they were contributing not just for what they added but also supporting the customer base more broadly. And I think that's the framework that we continue to provide here without getting into specifics on the tariff that is a guiding principle around how we think about these customers. And we think that's replicable and it works well with the stakeholder engagement that Drew discussed where we can make sure we have all the business partners, all of the state and community partners to make sure they understand the benefits that these customers are bringing to all the parties involved.
Jeremy Tonet: Wonderful. Thank you. And then just moving back to the nuclear side real quick here. Just wanted to see, I guess, as you think about the uprates here specifically, how long do you expect this evaluation to take? Is this about having new customers that cover the upgrade cost in their tariff or just thinking about gating items or time line to moving forward on the uprate specifically?
Andrew Marsh: It depends on the plant and the upgrade. There's very -- there's multiple projects that can give you various megawatts there. Some are fairly easy to go get, and we are actually already working towards them right now. Others are a lot harder and more expensive and would need more customer support. So, it varies depending on the potential. I would say most of those upgrades are in Arkansas and in Louisiana. They're not really at Grand Gulf. There's no opportunities really there. We did our big upgrade there, a little over about 15 years ago.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And again, Rob, we'll miss you. Thanks.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks Jeremy.
Rod West:
Operator: Thank you, Jeremy. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Appicelli with UBS. Bill, please go ahead.
Bill Appicelli: Hi, great. Thank you. Just a question, just to clarify, is all of the CapEx from this new large customer reflected in this update today?
Andrew Marsh: I'm sorry, say that again, Bill. Just to make sure I heard it correctly.
Bill Appicelli: Is all the potential CapEx from the new large customer reflected in the update today?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. Yes, it is.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then you talked a little bit about it, but maybe what's the customer bill impact relative to the outlook at the Analyst Day, right? If this new customers willing to pay a little bit more, it sounds like in terms of the variable costs. How does that outlook change?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Bill trajectory from Analyst Day to now is actually down. And to the point that you made that as you increase sales growth, you're spreading fixed cost over more sales. And so we're able to actually moderate our bill trajectory a little bit. It's down to about 3.5% versus Analyst Day was closer to 4%. So that bears out what we were continue to focus on that these customers pay their for share and they contribute and help all other customers.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then just one last question. You mentioned about the potential for a nuclear clean tariffs. I guess how does that interplay with some of the development, but is that more around just existing nuclear energy and what customers are willing to pay for that? And how would that sort of impact the rate design?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, I think it's more around the existing. Once we get to the advanced stage, that's a whole different conversation because there's a lot more different risk elements that are moving into that. So, it's in the existing and particularly around some of the upgrades.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. All right, great. Thank you very much.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks Bill. Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Sophie, your line is open.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the great update today. Just a couple of questions to clarify. I don't know if you can sort of provide granularity on the step-up in EPS and the capital. Obviously, you said some of these from the one large new customer and some of these other like how much of that is from that one large customer? Is there a way to kind of help us think about that?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, we haven't broken that out, Sophie. But I would think about -- you've seen a step-up in sales and then the investment really is across generation, transmission and generation, both dispatchable and solar resources, both for this and for other customers that continue to express interest in meeting their renewable objectives. So it's a blend of all of it, and we haven't broken it out specific to this customer.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then, so is this customer -- it sounds like you didn't need to request any new tariff to accommodate this investment and to make it so that the customer pays for like there share of fixed costs and et cetera. So, the existing tariffs are sufficient to kind of continue the arrangements with future customers. Is that correct?
Rod West: Without going into too much detail because, again, our objective is to respect the customers' desire that we not provide too much detail. Like with any other customer, we have the option to take advantage of existing tariffs and to the extent that there is a need for a new tariff or we do a special contract with a specific customer to reflect the their ability to cover their marginal costs, as Drew laid out. And any other aspect of the deal that might be unique to that customer, we have the flexibility to do that. We're not disclosing those details yet for the reasons that we outlined. I know it's going to be a little frustrating, but we hope to be able to provide more clarity once the customer has gone public with their project.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Got it. Thank you. And then on the transfer of SERI or Louisiana share to Mississippi, does the Mississippi has to approve it? Or have they already approved it?
Rod West: No. Mississippi has to approve it along with the FERC as well.
Andrew Marsh: And we expect both of those by the end--
Rod West: By the end of the year.
Sophie Karp: And lastly, on the -- I guess, on nuclear. I'm just kind of curious if there's anything that you think you need to see in this nuclear development, particularly as it relates to before you're ready to pull the trigger on your own project, I understand, and I appreciate this is very long dated and a very slow rolling process, but would you be comfortable being one of the first movers, I guess, in this space if it's sufficiently derisked? Or would you like to see somebody else to successfully build a few of those projects before you step into it?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's a great question. I mean, again, it depends on how those risks get allocated. And clearly, the nth of a kind, if you want to call it that, is a very different risk profile of the first of a kind. And I don't think we would be comfortable taking on a ton of risk, particularly relative to the size of our operating companies on -- at the beginning as the first of a kind. That doesn't mean we wouldn't be comfortable in that space, provided we get the right kind of risk profile with our partners and other stakeholders that are part of whatever project comes to pin us. But we're a little bit further away from cracking that completely at this point, but it is something that we are discussing actively with folks.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you. Appreciate the comments.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Sophie. And our final question today comes from the line of Michael Lonegan with Evercore. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Lonegan: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congrats to Rod, Bill, and Liz. So, given the favorable weather versus normal, you talked about flexing O&M again this year, but you maintained 2025 EPS guidance, would you say you're planning conservatively for next year? Or are there new offsets you are contemplating? I know you're going to give more detailed preliminary drivers at EEI for 2025, but maybe you could give a little bit of a preview into why you maintain that guidance?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We flex within a given year, and there's not been a significant change in the business to have a change to the outlook for 2025. We do generally use conservative planning principles in order to ensure that we continue to provide steady predictable results. But there's not a driver like we had for the step change for 2026 to 2028 that suggests that 2025 would move. So, we've continued on the path of 6% to 8% that we've continued to deliver for some period and expect to do that again next year.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks. And then secondly for me, on the dividend, you're still targeting 6% dividend growth that you mentioned at the Analyst Day obviously, the higher longer-term EPS outlook implies a continued reduction in the payout ratio. Do you have an ultimate stabilized target for the payout ratio over the longer term?
Kimberly Fontan: We haven't given a specific target. We previously were at 60% to 65%. If you do the math, this will float down a little south of 60%, but we haven't set a specific target, but we continue to target that 6% dividend growth, which continues to return good value to our owners.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And that does conclude our Q&A session. Ms. Hunter, I will now turn the call back over to you to close us out.
Liz Hunter: Thank you, Greg and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 11th and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of our regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Greg, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Entergys Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Id now like to turn the call over to Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation. Bill, the floor is yours.
William Abler: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chair and CEO, Drew Marsh, and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in todays press release and slide presentation both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us on this Disney earnings call day. In June, we hosted our Analyst Day in New Orleans. I want to thank all of you who attended in person and listened online then as well. We provided a comprehensive update on our business strategy and discuss the macro drivers behind our unique growth story, on shoring, clean energy, electrification and technology. We also talked about our customer first approach that is the cornerstone for achieving outcomes that drive significant long-term value for all our stakeholders, of course, our customers and also our employees, our communities and our owners. We continue to make progress towards these outcomes, helping us achieve our near and long-term objectives. Starting with our financial results. Today, we are reporting strong quarterly adjusted earnings per share of $1.92. Kimberly will go over the details. The bottom line is that we remain firmly on track to meet our 2024 guidance. Now turning to business updates. I am pleased to report that Entergy Louisiana has reached an agreement in principle with the LPSC staff and other parties on its FRP extension. The settlement, subject to LPSC approval but also resolved several other open matters, including all FRPs prior to the 2023 test year. By settling these matters, Entergy Louisiana will resolve all its outstanding base rate-making proceedings. As part of this settlement, we will provide $184 million of customer credits, which includes our agreement to increase customer sharing of income tax benefits resulting from the 2016 to 2018 IRS audit. Were also pleased to announce that System Energy Resources, or SERI, reached an agreement in principle with the LPSC staff on the long-standing litigation at FERC. Pending approval, this settlement substantially resolved the major litigation at SERI and removes an ongoing challenge for many of our stakeholders to understand and value. These agreements as well as other commission approvals earlier this year, including the resilience plan and the process to accelerate the development of renewables provide important clarity for all our stakeholders and allows Entergy Louisiana, the commission and other stakeholders to focus on capturing the significant growth opportunities before us. We appreciate the hard work of all parties to get to this point and look forward to focusing on the future together. Well provide more information on the Entergy Louisiana settlement when we file the full settlement agreement, which we plan to submit in the coming days. We anticipate the commission to take up both matters at its next business and executive meeting on August 14. Hurricane Beryl made landfall in Southeast Texas in early July. The storm affected about half of our Texas customers. I first want to thank our customers and community leaders for their understanding and support during restoration. We are honored to serve them. And we are once again inspired by our communities coming together in the face of such an event. Beryl sustained high winds uprooted and damaged a significant number of trees, which caused most of the grid damage and customer outages. This included many tall trees outside right-of-ways that fell into our transmission and distribution lines. We brought a lot of experience and lessons learned from past storms into this effort, which led to timely, safe and cost-effective power restoration. Our past learnings also facilitated our communication plan providing accurate, trusted and timely updates regarding outages and restoration time lines. We are focused on keeping all stakeholders up to date with customers as well as state and local officials at the top of the list. As we discussed at Analyst Day, when the power is out, the everyday activities of our customers and communities are interrupted. This is why a well-prepared operational response, coupled with clear communication is more important than ever. Im very proud of our employees to keep our customers top of mind, working diligently before the storm to learn and prepare and tirelessly after the storm to safely restore power as quickly as possible. Beryl reminded us of the importance of resilience, and we saw firsthand how investment to support growth delivers benefits across multiple dimensions. The Ball of our Peninsula is a good example. To support growth, we built a new elevated substation and installed more than 200 new distribution structures built to monitor standards. As expected, these new assets easily withstood Beryl, which improved performance during the storm and supported timely restoration. To further our resilience efforts, Entergy Texas submitted its future-ready resiliency plan, requesting approval for a 3-year first phase, estimated to cost $335 million. To maximize benefits while minimizing costs for customers, roughly $200 million is contingent on a grant from the Texas Energy Fund. The legislation calls for a commission decision within 180 days of filing. Separately, Entergy New Orleans held a technical conference last week to further Phase 1 of its plan, and we are targeting a council decision before year-end. Entergys unique and robust growth story was a key theme we highlighted at Analyst Day, and we are making important progress to support growth across our businesses. For example, we hosted a Southeast Texas Leadership Summit, which brought together more than 200 industry community and political leaders to discuss collaborative approaches to serve the regions growing energy needs. At the summit, we outlined our Southeast Texas Energy Plan, or step ahead plan, which includes additional generation capacity. Advancing that plan, Entergy Texas submitted its filing request against CCN for 2 new generation resources. Legend Power Station, a 754-megawatt combined cycle combustion turbine to be located in Port Arthur, will be built to ensure sustainability and long-term viability as the plant will be carbon capture enabled and feature hydrogen capable technology. Were working with customers assessing their interest in purchasing the clean attributes from carbon capture. While our discussions are in early stages, customer interest in CCS appears to be strong. Our request also includes Lone Star Power Station, 453-megawatt combustion terminals to be located in Cleveland, Texas. That will also be hydrogen-capable. The total investment is estimated at approximately $2.2 billion, which includes transmission and interconnection costs as well as financing costs during construction. Both plants are expected to be online summer of 2028. Also furthering our step ahead plan, Entergy Texas filed for approval of 2 owned solar projects that came out of RFPs. The capacity for the proposed additions totals more than 300 megawatts. The first is expected to come online in 2027 and the second in 2028. The green attributes from these plants will help meet our customer demands for clean energy. More broadly, clean energy and electrification remain key macro drivers behind the growth across our businesses. Many of our large customers have clean energy goals, we are expanding our clean energy capacity to support those objectives. To that end, in early June, we signed a joint development agreement that will accelerate the development of up to 4.5 gigawatts of new Energy-owned solar generation and energy storage projects. Also supporting our renewables expansion, and as I referenced earlier, the Louisiana PSC approved to streamline and enhance renewable RFP process to add up to 3,000 megawatts of renewable capacity. This will enable Entergy Louisiana to bring renewable resources online much more quickly, which helps attract new customers to our service area. Technology is another macro driver for our growth. At Analyst Day, we identified 5 to 10 gigawatts of new hyperscale data center potential in our service areas, which was informed by customer discussions. We continue to have very active customer and other stakeholder engagement on this front and the growth potential for all our stakeholders from this driver remains strong. Putting our customers first, our path forward to achieve regulatory outcomes that benefit -- excuse me, putting our customers first remains our path forward to achieve regulatory outcomes that benefit all stakeholders. We continue to move steadily through regulatory proceedings. Results of this are evident in the agreement in principle in Louisiana and the filings in Texas that I already discussed. In June, Entergy Mississippis annual FRP filing was approved. We continue to work well with the Mississippi Commission to achieve good outcomes that support our customers and the operating companys credit, which puts Entergy Mississippi in a strong position to bring additional growth to the state which benefits all stakeholders. In addition, Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Arkansas filed their annual FRP. We expect new rates to be in effect in September for New Orleans and January for Arkansas. And finally, our gas LDC sale continues to move along. For Entergy Louisiana, the staff report and recommendation was filed on Tuesday of this week, stating that staff believe the transaction is in the public interest subject to customary conditions. We believe the matter will be taken up by the LPSC on August 14 at its business and executive meeting. For Entergy New Orleans, the hearing is scheduled to begin on September 9, and we expect a decision from the City Council in early 2025. We remain on track to close the transaction by the third quarter of 2025. Our commitment to supporting our communities continue to be evident this past quarter. Our efforts were recognized as Entergy was once again a Civic 50 points of light Entergy. The Civic 50 has served as the national standard for corporate citizenship and showcases how leading companies are moving social impact to community to the core of their business. In the first half of 2024, we made steady progress across key customer operational, regulatory and financial fronts. Were solidly on track to achieve our objectives for 2024 as well as our longer-term outlook. By continuing to put our customers first, we remain focused on delivering premium value to each of our key stakeholders. Ill now turn the call over to Kimberly, who will review our financial results for the quarter.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. As Drew said, today, we are reporting strong results for the quarter that keep us firmly on track to achieve our adjusted EPS guidance for the quarter and for the year. Shown on Slide 3, our adjusted earnings were $1.92 per share. This result is consistent with our objective of steady, predictable earnings growth. For the quarter, we had two items that were considered adjustments and excluded from adjusted earnings. First, we recorded $1.17 settlement charge as a result of the pension plan lift out. With this lift out, our remaining pension liability is 96% funded as of the end of the quarter. As I mentioned at Analyst Day, this is another step in reducing our risk. Second, as Drew discussed, Entergy Louisiana reached an agreement with the LPSC staff to resolve our formula rate plan extension filing. Part of the settlement includes providing $184 million in customer credit. To reflect these credits, we reported expenses totaling $0.52 which is net of $38 million previously recorded for tax sharing related to the IRS audit resolution. Slide 4 details the quarters adjusted EPS variances. Key drivers include retail sales growth fueled by hotter than normal weather. On a weather-adjusted basis, retail sales increased 2.9%, with growth across all customer classes. Industrial growth was the biggest contributor. Regulatory actions that support our customer-centric investments also contributed to earnings growth. Cost to serve our customers increased, primarily other O&M and depreciation. Interest expense also increased due to higher interest rates and higher debt balances to finance investments. Moving to Slide 5. Operating cash flow was higher than second quarter last year. Key drivers were the timing of payments and higher customer receipts. Credit and liquidity are shown on Slide 6. Our credit metric outlooks, which fully reflect the effects of the regulatory settlements remain very healthy. Our net liquidity is strong at $5.9 billion. This includes approximately $800 million of equity forwards that we have already locked in but are not yet settled. While we dont plan to settle these forward until next year, they are a source of cash if needed. We also issued term debt in the quarter, including $1.2 billion of junior subordinated notes, which are very credit supportive. As Drew mentioned, our restoration response to Hurricane Beryl was timely, safe and cost-effective. Were still refining the details, but our early cost estimate is $75 million to $85 million. We plan to recover these costs through normal mechanisms. Turning to Slide 7. You can see that weve continued to make good progress through our 2025 to 2026 equity needs. To date, weve completed approximately 60% of our projected equity needs through 2026. As shown on Slide 9, we are affirming our adjusted EPS guidance and outlook. For 2024, as weve said, were firmly on track. Our EPS contribution from volume is expected to be a little higher than our guidance assumption, including the new industrial customers I mentioned last quarter. Weather was hotter than normal this quarter, which created headroom for us to flex our O&M spending plans to achieve better operational outcomes. For the remainder of 2024, there are a couple of quarterly timing considerations that Id like to note. The sales growth for the balance of the year is still expected to be largely weighted to the fourth quarter as additional new large customers are expected to come online later in the year. And we expect as much as 90% of the remaining O&M savings to be achieved in the fourth quarter given our significant flex spending increases in the fourth quarter last year. As you know, if we experience additional weather outside of normal, we may further flex our spending plans. We have provided additional quarterly considerations in the appendix of our webcast presentation. Were pleased with the progress weve made, especially the settlements with the Louisiana Public Service Commission that supports and solidifies our long-term outlook. With the important clarity we now have in Louisiana, the stage is set for us to capture the unique growth story that we laid out at Analyst Day. And now the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: Thanks, Kimberly.[Operator Instructions]. And it looks like our first question today comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Shar, please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Drew, starting off on sort of the regulatory progress in Louisiana and FERC. Any further updates there with the updated schedule. And more importantly, would that be a potential catalyst to maybe revisit capital allocation and the CapEx plans, especially as you settle the FRP and look at new generation deployment under the new 3-gigawatt mechanism? Thanks.
Andrew Marsh: Shah, could you repeat the first part of your question you cut out for just 1 second.
Shahriar Pourreza: Yes. No. Any further updates on Louisiana and FERC in that process? Thats the first part. And then the second part is just as were thinking about concluding in that -- in those processes, depending if theres a global settlement or whatever. Is that sort of the catalyst to revisit kind of capital allocation and the CapEx plans, especially as you kind of settle the FRP and look at new generation deployment? Thanks.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. So Ill let Rod talk about the first part, and Ill let Kimberly talk about the second part.
Roderick West: Its Rod. In terms of FERC, as we did in the prior series, settlements, we actually have to file the FERC -- the series settlement. Can you hear me now, Shar?
Shahriar Pourreza: Much better.
Roderick West: Good deal. As was the case with prior SERI settlements, we will file the proposed SERI settlement with the LPSC. And nevertheless, it will still be subject to FERC approval, therell be subsequent filings with the FERC in that regard. So we still have work to do. All of what weve shared is still subject to approvals, but it will be a methodical process, and it will begin with what we submit to the LPSC for their consideration on the 14.
Andrew Marsh: And Ill just add to that, that I think -- and it goes to what Kimberly will talk about in a second, the thing that were pleased about is the nature of the way that these results came together and...
Roderick West: Yes. And we talked about this at Analyst Day, Shar, that our stakeholder engagement strategy was far more deliberate and far more discrete in terms of the stakeholders that we brought together to put us in a position to have this settlement. The outcome was a function of each of the interested stakeholders having an opportunity far earlier in the process to weigh in on this conversation. And while we are we are pleased that were able to get to this point, our work continues because as Drew mentioned in his earlier comments, this simply sets the stage for us to be able to execute on capturing the growth with far greater clarity. But it is a stakeholder engagement driven process that includes our regulators, includes our customers and policymakers. And were really at just the beginning and certainly excited about whats now possible with clarity on where Louisiana has had that same strategy is playing out in the other states. So we can now focus on the growth story.
Kimberly Fontan: And Shar, from a capital perspective, certainly, were pleased to be at this point, well let the process play out. And then we would expect to give a full update in EEI in November as we typically do.
Shahriar Pourreza: Great. Looking forward to that. And then just lastly, obviously, the 2024 assumptions picked up. You talked about low growth more coming in 4Q, youve got the O&M benefits also kicking in, in the back end. It sounds like youre kind of ahead of schedule for 2024, but I dont want to lead the witness, is there kind of any read-through to 2025 as were thinking about bridging from 2024 to 2025.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We shared our outlook at Analyst Day just a few weeks ago, and I think that is the best place to point. We continue to be on track for this year and as Rod said, were setting ourselves up to continue to deliver on what we provided in our last update a few weeks ago.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks guys. See you soon.
Andrew Marsh: Alright. Thanks Shar.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Jeremy, please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to come back here to Louisiana. Could you outline more on the scope of your FRP and SERI settlements. Does this leave anything else critical to be addressed for either matter at this point?
Roderick West: As a general matter, the settlement addresses the formula rate plan extension and terms and conditions of the go-forward regulatory construct, it resolves prior issues. There are 8 or so related dockets that are also cleaned up, much of them dealing with historical administrative proceedings. And the SERI settlement, the SERI settlement is a different settlement posture, but essentially, it clears the deck of the major litigation between Entergy and the commission and its stakeholders.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Clears the deck, great to hear. And just moving on here for that August 14 LPSC meeting, do you expect the commission to vote on both settlements or just discuss the details or if the latter, when do you think they might vote?
Roderick West: So on the 14th, and again, this is all subject to the commissions consideration. It is our expectation that the commission would take up the proposed settlement that the staff would put forward on the FRP the settlement associated with SERI and its related dockets and the other, Ill call them, the other additional dockets that we were able to seek a lime on, but we expect the commission to take them all up. And lets also -- and Drew made reference in his remarks that the -- at least for the Louisiana Public Service Commissions consideration of the gas LDC sale, the staff had already issued a report recommending that the LPSC approved their portion of that sale. So that may very well be taken up on the 14th as well. So we expect pretty comprehensive docket that the commission will take up on the 14.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Very helpful. And just real quick one to revisit, I guess, as the data center opportunity set that sits before you, any updates to provide there as far as, I guess, just what potential opportunities you see the pace of, I guess, opportunity set, if thats accelerating? Just any color would be great.
Roderick West: Yes. We laid out at Analyst Day that nothing that we had presented in terms of our outlook included anything other than AWS. And as Drew alluded to, the 5 to 10 gigawatt opportunity was not something we were speculating around. Its in our pipeline because were having actual conversations with prospective customers in that regard, who, as we laid out, were taking advantage of a lot of the structural advantages of the Gulf Coast, the low energy rates that we provide, certainly, the constructive regulatory environment thats been supportive of economic development and growth in our regions. And so we expect that at the appropriate time, well be able to give details. But as was the case in prior customer additions, were not giving out or talking about where any specific customer is in the process until such time that both we and they are prepared to go public with something. But again, were bullish about the prospects because of all the advantages that we laid out at Analyst Day and our -- and on top of that, our stakeholder engagement strategy, making sure that all the right stakeholders are at the table quite early in the process.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that.
Roderick West: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. David, please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Okay, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering just maybe on the -- well, congratulations on all the progress that youre making in these proceedings. I was curious on the SERI settlement. Is that consistent with the others with the other commission settlements in terms of like the allocational or proportional split to Louisiana?
Roderick West: The short answer is yes. The SERI settlement thats proposed is consistent with the settlement constructs in the other jurisdictions, Mississippi, Arkansas and New Orleans, yes.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Understood. And then I was wondering, just considering that settlement in the Louisiana FRP, how do those line up against your earnings projections here? Does that shift or solidify where you are within the range? And then also on the cash flow side of things, is this consistent with what you would have expected in terms of the cash flow forecast going forward?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Thanks, David. The settlements in the -- for both settlements are all considered in our -- both our EPS and our cash flow outlooks that were affirming today. So I would think about that from that perspective.
David Arcaro: All right. Sounds good. Thanks so much.
Roderick West: Thanks, David.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning, team.
Roderick West: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: Yes. Very great to see the productive settlement talks. I knew youd all be hard at work while I was hanging out on the beach. So good to see that one for those 2. I guess 2 totally unrelated questions. The first is on the renewables RFP update, could you see more utility-owned assets there. I know thats been a priority for you. Is there a good way to think about and kind of measure the progress as we go forward on these RFPs about like how much is embedded in the plan versus kind of upside to the plan?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We shared our capital view a few weeks ago, which gave you sort of owned renewables and then I believe there was a slide that also showed the breakout there. And so as we go through the RFP, well be able to see as they announced what comes through there, and well provide periodic updates at EEI and other places about how those are performing.
Andrew Marsh: And wed -- we expect to have a large RFP in the fall for Louisiana.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Ill say tuned for that. And then the other was just on hardening. I know youve been very vocal for years about hardening. I just want to see if theres any kind of potential amendment changes in philosophy for the Texas plan I know you have Phase 1 in there, whether its an amendment to Phase I or pull forward of your thoughts for Phase II. Just any perspective you could provide?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. Thats a good question. So weve been thinking about this in terms of sort of where we were pre-Beryl and post-Beryl. Certainly, whenever you have storm you reflect on where you are and what youre doing and those kind of things. Pre-Beryl, we have a plan that we have submitted in Texas a resiliency plan, and its based on what the current rules and the legislation that was introduced a couple of years ago, and so it reflects those priorities. And there are -- as weve talked about, there are a couple of things that we wanted to see in the legislation previously that we werent able to get it in, namely around transmission being included and also our ability to accelerate the replacement of existing assets by getting return up and on if we dont get that return on then its harming our credit if we try to accelerate. So we have a more measured pace. Having said that, now weve made the filing and now we are a post-Beryl and the opportunity is for us to engage our stakeholders to figure out if this is the plan that we want to stick with or if there is a different plan that we want to go with. So its now open for conversation and were excited about where that might go. And of course, well have another opportunity coming up in the legislative session as well to potentially address some of the things that we werent able to address last time. And with that, Ill pass it over to Ron to see what else you have to...
Roderick West: Yes. And Ill just reiterate the point that Beryl provides an opportunity to revisit the public policy backdrop to our capital plans. And not only just in Texas, as Texas as a state revisits the resiliency conversation with the regency of Beryl but other jurisdictions are certainly paying attention to some of the lessons learned as well. And while Louisiana is well on its way with its resiliency plan where so much of the attention has been paid of late to reference New Orleans in its ongoing conversations, and we know empirically there they were paying close attention to the experiences in Houston. And it is an opportunity for us both at the technical conference as well as our ongoing conversations with the counsel between now and the end of the year to revisit the scale, scope and efficacy because were still very much in the middle of a storm season. So the unfortunate storm from a customer standpoint, provides an opportunity for the states and other stakeholders to revisit the resilient conversation with whatever new information the lessons learned from Beryl.
Paul Zimbardo: Great. Thank you both very much for the color.
Roderick West: Okay. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lonegan with Evercore ISI. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Lonegan: Hi, thanks for taking my question. On the industrial sales growth specifically, just wondering where you are tracking for the year. I know you expect new customers in the fourth quarter, are all these customers on track? And just trying to get a sense of where you stand versus your long-term 8% to 9% industrial sales growth outlook.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Were still on track through the end of the year for what weve provided about 4% for the full year with most of that coming late in the year. There are a couple of large industrials that we expect to come on. We do have those customers are on minimum build type contracts that if they are delayed, we still have some protection from a bottom line perspective because of how theyre contracted in. But we believe were still on track, and then we continue to see a strong pipeline throughout the forecast period that supports that growth trajectory that you referenced.
Michael Lonegan: Great. And then secondly for me, on the pension lift out, just wondering how much youre reducing the volatility of your pension plan, the pricing you got versus par, and if you see opportunity to do more lift outs?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. We were pleased with the outcome of that lift out. As I said, the net pension plan is funded now at 96%, and we continue to find ways to reduce volatility. We use smoothing mechanisms in our regulatory jurisdictions to help reduce that volatility as those costs on the regulated side are recovered through rates. As far as weather, we could do another pension lift out, obviously, that would have to the math on that and the ability to execute on that would have to work, but we think that we are in a good place with where we are currently and what weve done to derisk our pension plans.
Andrew Marsh: And Ill add, appendix, theres a sensitivity chart for pension, which is 25 basis points for every 25 basis points plus or minus $0.01 is kind of what our sensitivity is at this point, which is a lot lower than where it used to be to Kimberlys point.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Ryan, please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Hi, everybody. Regarding the lessons learned from Beryl, what do you think is the best way to address the issues around vegetation outside of your right away hitting electric lines in Texas and more broadly in your service territory? Any color or initial thoughts around how to address that potential problem?
Roderick West: Yes. Its Rod. The best way to address it is to be proactive and to communicate. Its embedded in our capital plan that has been across the jurisdictions. Its also part not only of our reliability capital plan, but also the resiliency capital plan. And the conversation for us around stakeholder engagement includes making it clear to our stakeholders exactly how those investments are benefiting customers. I think the opportunity we have here is to accelerate the asset component of resiliency. Thats whats different than our normal reliability conversation, but weve been particularly in the areas where we serve in South Louisiana and certainly Southeast Texas, vegetation has long been both a challenge and an opportunity for us. And I think from a regulatory construct perspective, and I think Drew alluded to this in his comments, what really created the problem for customers in Hurricane Beryl, were trees outside of the right-of-way. What do we mean by right-of-way? That is the area from where our facilities are situated whats the area of -- how many feet outside of where our facilities exist? Do we have the capacity to trim those trees or vegetation as the case may be? And I think when you -- youre paying attention to the regulatory processes in Louisiana and Texas and beyond, I think youll hear more of a conversation around extending the right-of-ways, allowing us to trim in a further area surrounding where our facilities are located to provide greater margin for when those winds come and those trees and other vegetation gets into the facilities that disrupt service for customers.
Andrew Marsh: And the capital statements, when we go back and we build to modern standards, those -- there is the potential to widen the right-of-ways or deal with that. But if you were able to go from an age frame transmission structure to a vertical transmission structure that does reduce the target area a little bit for the trees that come from outside the right-of-way. Its not perfect like Rod said, you got to go trim, you may need to widen the right-of-ways because those trees are pretty tall and you just dont have that many feet in a lot of areas in our service territory in particular, a lot of tall pine trees out there. But some of it can be mitigated with design and acceleration of resilience investment.
Ryan Levine: On the expansion of right-of-way, would that require a legislative solution? Or is there other mechanisms to be able to effectuate that stated objective?
Roderick West: And wed have to get permission from the commissions to extend the right-of-way. Thats basically rulemaking that sort of sets the terms and conditions under which we operate under our franchise. And so that is a commission by commission state-by-state conversation. But yes, we would go to the commission to seek an expansion of the existing right-of-ways.
Andrew Marsh: And then maybe even a right-of-way by right-of-way combination. We may have to go back to each individual right away and renegotiating.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then just one last on this. In terms of the length of your right-of-way? Is there an average number that youre citing, I think the 18-inch is for one of your peers. Do you see that barring geographically in terms of the distance that you have in certain high-risk locations?
Roderick West: Yes. Thats a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction conversation. But its usually articulated in numbers of feet away from existing facilities. And thats on top of what Im sure is going to be a conversation about more resilient poles that hold up better not just the tree trimming around the facilities. But remember that resiliency is about more resilient facilities themselves that could do a better job of withstanding win, not just wind, but the trees themselves. But yes, its usually in feed and jurisdiction by jurisdiction.
Andrew Marsh: Right. And urban versus rural? Right? I mean we have in the city of New Orleans, some pretty tight right-of-way elements and tree trimming requirements, not unlike some other urban environments. So were very familiar with some of those challenges.
Ryan Levine: Thanks for the color.
Andrew Marsh: Alright. Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: And our final question today comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Travis, please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Roderick West: Good morning.
Travis Miller: On the AWS facility, what type of regulatory approvals or filings or anything else related to that are necessary before or to get continued shovels in the ground.
Roderick West: Yes. One of -- what we talked about this at Analyst Day and before, one of the big advantages that allowed us to move at the speed of their expectations was getting pre-approval. So in order for us to put shovels in the ground, the Mississippi Commission with the support of the Mississippi legislature have already reapproved the CCN process in order for us to begin the design build out to serve AWS.
Travis Miller: Okay. And was there a CapEx or a rate base number associated with that?
Kimberly Fontan: We havent given a specific number associated with that customer. You can see the update at year-end and that theres additional renewables, for example, for Mississippi to support the clean energy associated with that customer, but we havent broken out a specific CapEx for that specific customer.
Travis Miller: Okay. And that wasnt part of the CCN.
Kimberly Fontan: No. As Ron said, from a CCN perspective that was handled through working with the peak or with the Mississippi -- Search Commission in the state as well.
Travis Miller: Got it. Okay. And then real quick, you mentioned in answer to an earlier question about legislative session potential around some Beryl and other storm-related issues. What are the possible outcomes legislatively what are you thinking about there? Or did I misinterpret that?
Roderick West: No, you heard it correctly, and I think Drew also alluded to it in Texas, the legislative session for us in the last couple of years has been around allowing -- given the commission of Texas the ability to do rulemaking to facilitate resiliency spend. And the point that Drew made was that in the last legislative session, which is every odd year in Texas, which would have been the 2023 session, we, along with other stakeholders in the state of Texas made a lot of headway to facilitate resiliency spend. But there were some items like the accelerated replacement of transmission facilities as part of the resiliency plan that didnt get addressed in the way in which we thought would have been ideal. And its an opportunity for us to go back in the 2025 legislative session with the support of the commission and other stakeholders in Texas to revisit that legislation that would add on or complement what Texas already done to facilitate accelerated resiliency spend by utilities.
Travis Miller: Okay. Got it. So it was just Texas in terms of the comment about legislative.
Roderick West: Thats correct.
Travis Miller: Okay, thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Roderick West: Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks, Travis.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Abler, I will now turn the call back over to you. Bill?
William Abler: Thank you, Greg, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergys Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Alex, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Entergy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].
 I will now turn the call over to Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation. 
William Abler: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chair and CEO, Drew Marsh; and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than 2 questions.
 In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website.  
 And now I will turn the call over to Drew. 
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. We had a very productive start to the year with progress on activities that support our near- and long-term objectives. That includes continued progress towards our growth opportunity as well as important achievements in our risk reduction efforts that will benefit our key stakeholders.
 Starting with our financial results for the quarter. Today, we are reporting adjusted earnings per share of $1.8. This result for the quarter is below our expectations, yet we remain firmly on track to deliver on our annual commitments. I'm confident because of actions we have already taken, our team's track record on flexible spending, and our demonstrated ability to deliver steady, predictable results. Kimberly will go over the details.
 Now I'll cover the business updates from the quarter. Everything we do starts with the customer, because that is the key need to create value for all our stakeholders, customers, employees, communities and owners. Our efforts on that front were recently recognized by EEI's Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Engagement Award, which is determined by customers. Validating our customer-centric progress, hundreds of the nation's leading chain and multi-site businesses voted to recognize Entergy for delivering exceptional service. We still have more work to do, but we are grateful for this milestone. 
 Additional evidence of progress comes from the execution of 8 new electric service agreements with industrial customers signed in the quarter, including the data center in Mississippi that we announced earlier this year. These contracts represent approximately 1.1 gigawatts of new load and more than $150 million of annual adjusted gross margin.  
 As a reminder, our conservative planning practices assume that most rather than all volumes will come to fruition. Customer affordability remains a key focus area. Last quarter, I outlined our efforts to secure federal support for projects that would benefit our customers. Our utilities received 6 letters of encouragement from the GRIP application submitted late last year. Full applications for all 6 projects will be submitted to the Department of Energy by the end of May. We also continue to advance our $4.5 billion Part 2 application for the DOE loan program, which, if successful, will lower capital costs for our customers. 
 Our nuclear fleet continues to make progress. And all our nuclear plants are now in Column 1 of the NRC Action Matrix. However, operational excellence must be earned every day. Waterford 3 is currently working to recover from a shutdown following a transformer failure. At approximately 20 years old, the transformer was only halfway through its expected life. And early indications point to equipment failure as the cause. We have an interim solution with a spare transformer that can support up to 90% capacity until the replacement transformer arrives. We're working diligently to bring the plant back online in the coming weeks. In Mississippi, Grand Gulf wrapped up its 28-day refueling outage in March. This is the plant's shortest refueling outage since 2007. This outcome is a result of the team's intense focus on safety and operational excellence. We and most importantly, our customers appreciate the work they put in to achieve this outcome. Stakeholder engagement remains a focus area, and important way to assess progress is through our regulatory outcomes.
 Starting at the federal level, System Energy reached a $116 million agreement in principle with the New Orleans City Council to resolve all current SERI claims. Several New Orleans City Council members cited near and long-term benefits to customers through the settlement. This agreement is consistent with SERI settlements with Mississippi and Arkansas, both of which were approved by FERC and determined to be fair and reasonable. It is also consistent with the reserve recorded in 2022. With the addition of New Orleans, SERI has resolved roughly 85% of its litigation risk. 
 Turning to the retail level. Last week, the Louisiana Public Service Commission approved the first phase of Entergy Louisiana's resilience and grid hardening plan. The plan includes 2,100 projects totaling $1.9 billion of investments over 5 years. The projects will provide important resilience benefits to customers and communities. A more resilient grid will also serve as a catalyst for growth as it bolsters confidence for customers seeking to locate or expand in our service area.
 The approval includes a forward-looking recovery mechanism with semiannual true-ups, which will provide a solid foundation for our continued customer investment in Louisiana. There are also reporting requirements to provide transparency to our stakeholders on our progress. While the investments will take place over the next 5 years, we are getting underway immediately. For those of you attending our Analyst Day in person, we will show you some examples of the future of our system through recently installed resilience projects. 
 Entergy Louisiana is also in settlement discussions on 2 other proceedings. The FRP renewal or alternatively a base rate case and the streamlined and enhanced renewable RFP process to add up to 3,000 megawatts of solar. Given solid progress thus far, the hearing dates for these dockets have been extended to allow time to reach settlement in these cases. Entergy Louisiana also filed for approval of Bayou Power Station, a $411 million 112-megawatt quick-start non-baseload natural gas power station. It is an innovative solution to meet the power needs in a challenging area on the edge of the Eastern Interconnect. To enhance local resilience and storm restoration speed, the unit would be situated at the top of barge in Southern Louisiana. This is an area that is critical to our nation's energy security and Louisiana's economy. 
 Entergy New Orleans filed an updated resilience and grid hardening plan. which requests approval of Phase 1, a series of investments totaling $168 million over 3 years. This is in addition to the grid resilience project that was approved by the City Council earlier this year. We are requesting to expedite the technical conference on May 1, and we are seeking a decision around midyear, so we can get started on this important work for customers. 
 Our gas LDC sale continues to move along smoothly. The stakeholder engagement process has been going well, and we remain on track to close the transaction by the third quarter of 2025. And lastly, Entergy Mississippi filed its annual FRP in March. Mississippi's efficient mechanism enables continued customer-centric investments, while providing appropriate credit support for Entergy Mississippi, as it makes these investments. Interim rates became effective on April 1.
 Finally, we are very excited about our upcoming Analyst Day in June. We'll use that opportunity to show off New Orleans, give you a look at our resilience investment, provide a more detailed dive into our multiyear strategy and outlook. That includes a significant customer growth opportunity before us, the plans to expand our clean energy portfolio and to advance reliability and resilience, and our efforts to help support customer affordability, while maintaining our credit strength and earnings growth. We've had a productive start to 2024 with solid progress and execution across key customer, operational, regulatory, and financial front. And by continuing to put our customers first,  we will deliver premium value to each of our key stakeholders.
 I'll now turn the call over to Kimberly, who will review our financial results for the quarter. 
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.08. Several items affected the quarter results, including mild weather, the timing of operating expenses, including planned generator maintenance outages, and the acceleration of education spending and lower sales to cogeneration customers. With the first quarter results under our belt, we remain firmly on track to achieve 2024 results in line with our guidance, and we are well positioned to achieve our long-term 6% to 8% growth outlook. I'll review all of this in detail. 
 In the quarter, we had 2 items that were considered adjustments and excluded from adjusted earnings that I'd like to mention. First, Entergy Arkansas received a decision from the U.S. District Court in a long-standing case around opportunity sales. The decision resulted in Entergy Arkansas recording a $0.46 impairment of a regulatory asset in the quarter. Second, Entergy New Orleans recorded a $0.27 regulatory charge to share incremental income tax benefits from the 2016 to 2018 IRS audit resolution. Our first quarter adjusted EPS drivers are laid out on Slide 4. Our results reflect regulatory actions that include recovery of the investments that we are making to benefit our customers. 
 Depreciation expense is also higher as a result of those investments. For retail sales, as I noted earlier, weather was mild this year, but not as mild as 2023. Excluding weather, sales volume was not a big driver for earnings, as higher sales to residential was largely offset by lower sales to commercial. Industrial sales were down 0.6% quarter-over-quarter, driven by lower sales to cogeneration customers. We continually monitor fundamentals important to our industrial customers. 
 As you can see in the appendix of our presentation, the metrics remain supportive, giving us confidence in our industrial growth outlook. Utility other O&M was higher this quarter than first quarter last year due to several drivers, some of which have variability throughout the year. For example, healthcare claims were higher and we had more planned maintenance outages at nonnuclear plants. We also accelerated vegetation management in advance of storm season. Compared to our guidance assumptions, other O&M in the quarter was higher than initially planned. However, we fully expect O&M to balance out over the year and ultimately be roughly in line with our original guidance assumptions.  
 Moving to Slide 5. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $521 million, which was lower than last year. The largest driver was customer receipts, which included significant deferred fuel collections in 2023. Deferred fuel costs within operating cash flow declined approximately $350 million compared to last year. Credit is summarized on Slide 6. We maintain a strong ongoing focus on our credit as it is an important element in executing on investments for our customers. For the quarter, our metrics were impacted by timing of debt issuances that will balance out through the course of the year.
 Our underlying business continues to generate strong FFO and our outlook support metrics in range or better than the rating agency expectations. On Monday, S&P issued a credit update for SERI, improving its outlook to positive, and affirming its rating followed the announced settlement with the City Council of New Orleans. S&P further noted that they could raise SERI's ratings by one notch if the settlement is approved by FERC. As we have said, settlement of system energy litigation provides certainty for all stakeholders. Consistent with this, S&P noted these settlements reduce uncertainty of potential future claims and support the company's future cash flow stability and predictability. 
 Turning to Slide 7. Our equity needs remain unchanged. We continue to make progress against our 2025 and 2026 equity needs. As of the end of the quarter, we've locked in more than 30% of our equity need for those years utilizing ATM forward. As shown on Slide 8, we are affirming our guidance and longer-term adjusted EPS outlook. Weather and lower sales to cogeneration customers have been a headwind to start the year. For the full year, we are benefiting from sales to additional industrial customers. The impact of these sales offsets this headwind. We continue to be on track for our full year expectations. 
 Regarding utility O&M, quarterly timing can vary significantly, especially when compared to a prior year where we deployed significant flex spending for the benefit of customers following a very hot summer. As we look to second quarter this year, we expect O&M to be higher than last year with the increase roughly in line with the first quarter variance. Key drivers of the timing of our spending in 2024 include the following: In 2023, all of our flex spending increases were in the back end of the year. So we expect corresponding reductions in spending this year in that same time frame. In second quarter last year, we received significant prescription rebates covering multiple years, which we don't expect to recur at that level or in the same time frame this year.
 I noted earlier that our first quarter variance includes accelerated vegetation spending. We expect that acceleration to continue in advance of storm season in 2024. This acceleration reduces spending in the back half of 2024, assuming normal weather. While we have variability in the quarters in spending, I want to reiterate that we fully expect O&M to balance out over the year, consistent with our outlook, and we are confident we will deliver on our financial commitments. 
 We continue to prioritize the needs of our customers to create value for our key stakeholders. We're well positioned to execute and deliver successful customer, operational and regulatory outcomes along with steady, predictable financial results. As Drew said, we're excited about our Analyst Day in June, where we'll provide a long-term in-depth view of our plans for the future. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. 
Konstantin Lednev: It's actually Constantine for Shar. Can we start on the updated thoughts around the CapEx plan given the data points around resiliency and additional industrial customers. You had about $900 million in plan with a bigger number now approved. Is that pushing CapEx higher in the near term? And how should we think about the moving pieces there? 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. From a capital plan, we did get $1.9 million approved. We had $900 million through this outlook period. Of the $1.9 billion approved, about $1.5 million of that is in that same 3-year period. So that's an increment of about $700 million for Louisiana. The Louisiana portion of that $900 million was $800 million. So that's an incremental $700 million. How that rolls out through the capital plan, we'll update all that at the Analyst Day along with the effects of the rider and any other changes to our capital and our financing plan. 
Konstantin Lednev: Okay. Perfect. And maybe can you help us reconcile some of the charges taken in the quarter and how the refunds may impact cash and financing needs in the near term? Just do you anticipate any pull forward of equity issuance? Or are there offsetting factors that we should think about? 
Kimberly Fontan: We don't see any needed change in equity. We had already reserved a substantial portion of the income tax or the deferred tax effect for New Orleans. We did increase that, but the return period is a pretty long period, and so there's no material effect on the outlook period. 
Konstantin Lednev: Perfect. And maybe just one last follow-up on some of your commentary around regulatory outcomes. Do you have any updated thoughts around the FRP process and rate case process in Louisiana? And is the period after the direct testimony of the make it right for the kind of more intense settlement discussions? Any kind of lessons learned that you can implement? 
Roderick West: It's Rod. I think I can say, look, 5 weeks ago, we suspended the procedural schedule to facilitate settlement. If you think about the date of May 21, when staff and intervenor testimonies do, in the next 3 weeks, I think it's reasonable to assume that 1 of 3 things will happen. We'll either announce the settlement, we'll mutually agree to extend the dates procedurally to facilitate settlement, or pivot back to a procedural schedule. With the resiliency docket addressed last week, I think the next 3 weeks will be telling about the progress we'll make. But we're comfortable that the stakeholders in Louisiana are now focused on settlement discussions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to dig in a little bit more on plus $0.15 revised weather-normal sales, just a stronger industrial sales outlook as you put out there. If you could kind of bucket whether that's more the pet chems benefiting from cheap ethane and the outlook improving there, or chief methane benefiting ammonia or other industries, or whether that's data centers? Just wondering which one of the industrial activities out there are you seeing, I guess, more upside? 
Roderick West: This is Rod. I can touch on that and certainly Kimberly can follow. But beyond the AWS transaction in Mississippi, we're continuing to see significant interest in the data center sectors, both hyperscale as well as colocation in Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi. But we continue to see strong interest from the metal sector as well, specifically aluminum and steel. With projects in various stages of development, you can add in there with the RRA, developments showing up in blue ammonia in addition to the conversations around carbon capture. And that's not to exclude what we would consider to be our traditional sectors of growth in the service territory around refining and petrochemicals. We plan to give more color, of course, at Analyst Day, but I didn't want to suggest that there was one specific sector. There's a fair amount of diversity in our backlog and growth outlook. 
Kimberly Fontan: And Jeremy, just to add to that for the $0.15 for this year, you can think about that specifically as our historic industry along the Gulf Coast, and those industrial customers are online and taking power currently. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. It's very helpful there. That kind of leads into my next question. I was just wondering for the Analyst Day, obviously, you're not going to give us all the details here, but just wondering any broad parameters of what we should expect on that day. 
Andrew Marsh: Well, I mentioned a few of them in my remarks earlier around some of the things that Rod just discussed and the opportunities that we see for growth from a sales perspective and where that's coming from. So more color and depth to that conversation. Certainly, more clarity around the kinds of investments that we plan to make. And that includes the generation side as well as the golden wire side, we're talking about reliability and resilience. Some of the work that we are doing to drive productivity internally. 
 From a data perspective, we'll be giving a more robust outlook that goes out to 5 years. That will include capital and earnings, and we'll make clear, as Kimberly just mentioned, about our expectations from a financing perspective. And also, since we'll be in New Orleans, we'll have a number of our leaders here with us, and you'll get the ability to access the broader segments of our management and leadership team that you normally do when you just see Rod and Kimberly and Bill Abler and myself out on the road. So you'll get to see what we are seeing in our various jurisdictions and getting more boots on the ground view of how things are progressing. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Sounds great there. And if I could, I just want to finish with SERI real quick. It seems like a lot of meaningful progress over the past year or so. And just wondering your thoughts on, I guess, the prospects for continued positive momentum here in settlements given all the ground that's been covered so far. 
Roderick West: Yes. You're right, being in a position where we can say comfortably that roughly 85% of the SERI risk has been addressed through settlement, it does lend itself to what I would think would be a compelling case to resolve the risk with the state of Louisiana. We can't speak and don't speak around the nuances of negotiations in any period. But we do believe that the fact that New Orleans is now off the table, it gives us a shot to pursue that with Louisiana near term. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lonegan from Evercore ISI. 
Michael Lonegan: I was wondering if you could provide a preview of your planned resiliency filing in Texas. You laid out a cadence of spending for Texas at the EEI conference. And I was just wondering if the Texas Resiliency Act since then has changed how you're thinking about it in terms of the amount and timing of planned investments? 
Roderick West: Yes. It's Rod again. We're going to make that filing in the second quarter. And some of the considerations around the amount will be influenced by how we think about the contribution to the resilient spend from the state grant program, not to mention, to your earlier point, how the capital would flow through the recovery mechanisms affecting both affordability and credit. But we'll make that filing before the end of second quarter. 
Andrew Marsh: And I'll add that as you probably recall, the Texas part of the resilience investment was pushed back a little bit, because we had a lot of growth upfront. And so you probably won't see as much and that's where the grant piece comes in. And also the mechanism, as we've talked about before, since we have all of this growth in our service territory, mechanism doesn't work as well from a credit perspective for us. So we're working on that. We have another legislative session coming up, but you'll see all of that reflected in our ultimate resilience filing. 
Michael Lonegan: Great. And then secondly for me, on the Bayou Power Station, is the $411 million of investment included in your base capital plan? And also, given that it would be floating off the Louisiana coast, I was just wondering if you could talk about the protections in place for the plant from severe weather with work crews and equipment potentially being impacted. I know sometimes you see that with oil rigs off the coast. 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. As far as the $411 million that is included in our capital plan from a protection, it's a technology that's been used elsewhere and certainly just not necessarily in this area along the East Coast. And certainly, it's expected to be resilient in heavy winds and storms. 
Andrew Marsh: And just to be clear, it's not out in the middle of the ocean, it is on land, but it's in a canal, so that it can float with the storm surge. And so that's really what we're talking about here, not an oil rigging out in the middle of Gulf. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Campanella from Barclays. 
Nicholas Campanella: Going back to the data center discussion, just you gave the stat on 1.1 gigawatts of new load, is going to be about $150 million of new gross margin, and this relates to the Mississippi Center. But just thinking about how that drops to the bottom line when you're kind of taking the financing costs or other items there. Can you kind of help us understand how it translates to EPS? Just I'm thinking about there's clearly more opportunity like this on the horizon and trying to see what those are worth? 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nick. When you think about the Mississippi Data Center, it ramps up over time. So you're not going to see a lot of that in the 3-year outlook period. We can talk more about what that means over the 5 years that Drew referenced at the Analyst Day. But you're right, when you think about AGM on that sort of customer, you are also putting in infrastructure to support it. So you saw a shift in spending in the fourth quarter update, where we added incremental renewables, for example, in Mississippi, because those investments and the associated costs associated with those investments will offset some of that from a bottom line perspective and then financing costs for those type of things as well. But again, you'll see most of that effect outside the 3-year outlook period. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes. The investment is the thing that will ultimately go to the bottom line. The AGM is there to support that incremental investment. So we think it's really important and it demonstrates the growth opportunity at the time in front of us and the demand from our customers to help them meet what they want to do. 
Nicholas Campanella: Great. That's really helpful. Appreciate it. And then, I guess, you mentioned in your remarks and you have it on slides here, you've been above the 14% FFO-to-debt target that the agencies put you at. I'm just thinking about Moody's continuing to be a negative outlook. Do you think that there's a window to kind of address that ahead of summer? And what's your latest conversations been there? 
Kimberly Fontan: We certainly have regular conversations with the rating agencies, and they are constructive conversations about what's happening in the business. If you look at our underlying calculation, the FFO trailing 12 months for the quarter was similarly strong to what it was at the end of the year. And then we issued more debt in this quarter, as I mentioned in my comments, that would balance out over the course of the year, putting us strongly in the rating agency's expectation at the 14% or better. 
 So strong discussions. Certainly, the rating agencies have to do their evaluations and make those decisions, but hitting that threshold for 2023, which we did, and then continuing to execute on that as we work to build towards 15% are important to us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. 
Anthony Crowdell: I guess just quickly, if I could get Rod busy here. Just on SERI, Rod, I know you're working with the Louisiana Public Service Commission on maybe settling there. Separately, there's the formula rate plan issue. Is there anything that prevents both of those being settled together, meaning one is a FERC issue and one may be more of a state issue? 
Roderick West: Short answer is no. We're pursuing our efforts with stakeholders on selling both and the interest being avoiding any litigation associated with either. So short answer is no, there's nothing preventing us from pursuing a settlement on both issues regardless of federal versus state jurisdiction. 
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just an easy one, I guess, Drew, on the gas sale update. I know it's a very long window for approval. Just any update or timing or procedural schedule you can provide us? 
Andrew Marsh: So the gas LDC, as I mentioned, is on schedule. There's more details in the appendix. And so I think that at the LPSC, it's moving on quite quickly. The time line is a little longer in New Orleans. But at this point, we don't see anything that's impeding the progress and the ultimate completion of the transaction. So we're firmly confident there is a possibility that it could move up a little bit. But at this point, we're sticking with our third quarter 2025 time line. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman: Most of my questions were answered. Just wanted to get a little more information on this Waterford trip. Do you expect that you'll have the new transformer by kind of summertime? 
Andrew Marsh: Probably not. That's a new transformer. And as I know you're aware, there's a backlog for large transformers like that. And we don't have one of that size as a spare. So we do have the interim transformer ready to go, and it should be ready by summertime. That gets us back to about 90%. And so the plant should be online this summer, but we won't have full deliverability out of the plant that we get a new transformer in place. But you can run 90% just with the spare. So it's kind of most of the way. So... 
Steven Fleishman: Correct. Okay. And then maybe just on MISO transmission. When are we going to get -- I know they're going through the different tranches, like when are we going to get to the Entergy zone area for MISO transmission? 
Andrew Marsh: I believe that they are expecting to put something out late this year, but the time lines have moved around a little bit for them, but I think that was the previous expectation. Just to be clear, you're talking about the long-term planning piece of it, right? 
Steven Fleishman: That's right.  That's right. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes. As you know, they've been in MISO North for a while working on stuff. And I do believe that they plan to put out some expectations later this year. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then I guess just on the Cogent sales. Are you expecting industrial growth for the year? Cogent sales, if I recall, are pretty low margin. 
Kimberly Fontan: That's absolutely correct, Steve. And the Cogent sales were for the quarter, but that's really a volume difference, slight EPS difference. But as we discussed, the incremental industrial sales certainly support that, helping us achieve our objectives at the end of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Seaport Research Partners. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: So two questions. First, as you see this data center load materializing in your service territory, is there any discussion about potential changes in like T&D tariffs that these big users would be paying? I'm mostly trying to see if there's any way to shield residential customers from payments for any sort of T&D upgrades that will be needed to accommodate this load. 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, when you think about data centers, they certainly are requiring infrastructure to support them. And so we are ensuring that the pricing of those customers price in a way that support those customer coming, but also support the rest of our customers in the infrastructure build that's needed. When you referenced Mississippi specifically, we worked closely with the legislature to ensure that we had the ability to add the infrastructure that we needed, but also that we protected all of our other customers through the contract. So it was a benefit both to add the customer to the system, but also to the state of Mississippi and all of our other customers. And I would think about it the same way for future data centers that add to our service territory. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: Good. And speaking of Mississippi, and I'm just thinking about SERI, all of these issues that are related to the Grand Gulf nuclear plant. I mean, as you are basically trying to finish all of the litigations associated with that plant, is there -- I mean, would you, for example, consider signing like a long-term contract with a data center instead of having the sort of disputes on the regulated level just to make this asset dedicated to an industrial or commercial user as opposed to having it, again, it seems to have led to a number of regulatory disputes in the past. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's a good question, Angie. We are thinking about various potential solutions there. Right now, the output of those facilities are contracted for the life of the unit to each of the operating companies that participate. So I don't think that there's any room for data center pieces, but we are looking at all other alternatives in order to try to mitigate that future potential litigation risk, but that is definitely on our radar screen, although we don't have anything to discuss about that right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine from Citi. 
Ryan Levine: I was wondering if you could touch on how you may approach attracting data centers outside of Mississippi. You mentioned Arkansas and some other locations. Can you just provide us some context or some color around the regulatory attractiveness of those states on a comparison basis? 
Roderick West: Yes, this is Rod, again. And I think Kimberly alluded to it. The example in Mississippi, I think, serves as a blueprint for other states when you think about how we shape both the legislation from the actual state, the contractual guarantees, if you will, from AWS, and the regulatory outcomes that facilitated our ability to meet AWS' needs, I think, plays well. 
 It would certainly focus around job creation and economic development from a stakeholder engagement standpoint, similar to the way that we did in Mississippi. I see that being very relevant in, say, Louisiana and Arkansas. Certainly, there's going to be an expectation regardless of where these data centers are cited, that there's rate protection for the other customers in the service territory. Notwithstanding any conversation around the green or the clean dynamics, we are going to serve that customer's needs and the attributes that are important to them. 
 But here's the piece that I think becomes really important as we're engaging our regulators and our customer stakeholders. What Mississippi was able to do was to expedite the CCN approval process to help us build the infrastructure around transmission and generation to serve that load, and also providing credit accretive, for instance, in Mississippi, line for cash, CWIP, during the construction of those facilities, allowing us to finance those projects and lower the overall cost for customers. 
 If you think about those dimensions, the rest of the states are taking notice of the success in Mississippi, and from purely a competitive standpoint are trying to figure out how to replicate those types of frameworks in their jurisdictions. But we think it's a blueprint that really projects well for our other states. 
Andrew Marsh: Yes. And I'll just add that given what Rod just outlined, our regulators and our communities are excited about these potential investments. There are large investments that are going to throw off a bunch of tax holders and provide some really good jobs. There are areas in Central and Northern Mississippi, Northern Louisiana and in Arkansas, there's a lot of rural space out there that data centers can go to. And those jobs are meaningful in those areas. So they're really excited about the opportunity for those investments and the economic activity that comes along with them. That's why, as Ross said, they're competing to figure out how they can serve these potential customers. 
Ryan Levine: Great to hear. And then on one other topic, just in terms of the Texas resiliency filing, given your service territory, is there any opportunity to add fire mitigation or wildfire mitigation risk management in the plan? 
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's a great question. And where we are along the coast in Texas, a lot of the resilience investments and the wildfire investments is going to be very similar and overlapping. So yes, that is going to be part of it. I'm sure that wildfire is going to be a part of the conversation or legislature coming up early next year. 
 And so we do anticipate that there will be some overlap there. I'll just mention, further away from the coast in Mississippi, Northern Louisiana, Arkansas, we are also thinking about wildfire mitigation investment there to complement all the things that we've already done to monitor and prepare and respond to potential wildfires and all the community work they were doing. But we realize that the next piece of that is investment to mitigate or eliminate wildfire risk. And so that's conversation is ongoing with our stakeholders. And so we'll be looking to create opportunities to manage those risks for all of our stakeholders in the near future. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Travis Miller from Morningstar. 
Travis Miller: One on the new industrial customers, including both data centers and the other industrial customers, what's the general split in terms of the CapEx between T&D and generation that you're anticipating? 
Kimberly Fontan: There's both there, Travis. The transmission certainly generally is less than the generation, but some of it is timing. When you think about it, we have long-term supply plans where we may have had generation in a plan and perhaps there's some earlier execution of it in order to meet that demand. And as you know, we're in MISO. So transmission is playing through MISO as well. 
 So we also have long-range cleaning on the transmission. So I don't have the exact split, and I know you can get with Bill and get that specifically. But generally, when you think about the data centers, probably heavier weighted to generation than to transmission. 
Travis Miller: Okay. And then do you anticipate, on that generation piece, doing an RFP? Or would you have first rights to any kind of new generation build? 
Kimberly Fontan: In Mississippi, the legislation enabled us to -- it effectively gave us CCN authority to build what was needed for that data center to meet their time line. So that doesn't require an RFP process. Some of our jurisdictions have RFPs and others don't. I think it comes down to a customer time line and how you work with all your stakeholders to bring the customer on the time line they're looking for, and then what that requires to ensure that we are building strong appropriate assets in order to support the customers overall. 
Travis Miller: Okay. And then general, the comments there you just made in general for any industrial customer or more for data versus other chemical producers or factories, et cetera? 
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, the data center is unique in that it's a larger customer coming in at one time on a faster time line, but I would think about the planning principle is the same for all of our customers. 
Operator: There are no further questions as of right now. I'd like to hand back the call over to Mr. Abler. Thank you. 
William Abler: Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 10, and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Entergy's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation.
Bill Abler: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Drew Marsh and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning everyone. Today, we are reporting strong results for another successful year. Our 2023 adjusted earnings per share was $6.77 and the top half of our guidance range, once again delivering steady predictable results. Our strategy is rooted in creating value for our four key stakeholders, our customers, employees, communities and owners, and it starts with understanding what our customers need from us to be successful. We build our investment plan to meet those needs, including new generation, transmission and distribution investments to support customers' strong industrial growth and decarbonization goals, as well as to improve reliability and resilience, all the while prioritizing projects with affordability in mind. Our customer-centric approach has served us well and we are confident we'll continue to create meaningful value. Starting with the customer, 2023 was another strong year for growth. Last year, we signed 61 new electric service agreements. These contracts represent more than 1.3 gigawatts of generation capacity at about $250 million of annual adjusted gross margin. Our outlook anticipates most, but not all of these contracted volumes to come to fruition and our forecast probability weights each prospect. Data centers are a hot topic. And as you know, we've seen interest in our service area. A few weeks ago, Mississippi's Governor Reeves called a special session to finalize the legislative package to bring a large Amazon Web Services or AWS project to Mississippi. AWS is investing $10 billion, the largest economic development project in the state's history to build two hyperscale data center complexes that are expected to come online over a three-year period starting in 2025. The project will create at least 1,000 ongoing high-paying, high-tech jobs, as well as significant economic benefits to the state and local communities. In addition, the legislation provides the approval of Entergy Mississippi's investment in transmission and generation to serve the facility. It also permits Entergy Mississippi to recover carrying costs during construction, which lowers the total cost for customers and supports Entergy Mississippi's credit. In addition to the data centers, our growth story continues to develop and diversify. For example, two projects supporting production of electric vehicle batteries, as well as our lumber facility upgrade were announced in the fourth quarter. We also signed up new customers in the LNG and blue hydrogen spaces. The developers for these projects expect sustainable, affordable, reliable and resilient service from Entergy's utilities. The ongoing enter from potential customers informs and affirms our expectation for very strong growth. Customer affordability is a key area of focus. Some of the actions we are taking include, pursuing loans and grants to offset the cost of much needed investments. Several of our operating companies submitted Part one applications to the DOEs loan programs office, totaling $4.7 billion for a variety of projects related to the clean energy transition. Our utilities also submitted eight preliminary proposals for grid resilience and innovative partnerships or GRIP program funding. Additionally, some of our operating companies are partnering with their states to apply for funding from other federal sources. This is building off the successful efforts in 2023, including our Louisiana utilities support for the state's HERO application, which resulted in a grant for Louisiana's $500 million strategic energy initiative, and our Texas utility support for the IIJA hydrogen hub application which resulted in a $1.2 billion grant for high velocity. Operationally, Entergy's employees work every day to support our customers and deliver excellence. Everything they do starts with safety. When it comes to safety, our work is never done because we believe zero harm is possible. While focusing on safety Entergy's generation fleet had an outstanding year. Even with challenges from record-breaking heat this past summer, we achieved our best forced outage rate since 2011. Not only did we meet our customer's demands, but we also exported power to other utilities in MISO at the moments that matter. That performance has continued into 2024. Winter Storm Heather hit our service area in January and we set a new winter peak. Once again, our fleet performed very well and we maintained reserve capacity comfortably above our customer demand. Our power delivery team has also made important strides this year completing work that improves reliability and resilience serves new customers and helps attract new economic development to our region. In 2023, we improved our reliability performance with the lowest outage frequency in the last decade. Stakeholder engagement also continues to be a focus area. In 2023, we broadened our engagement efforts to expand our conversations with a wide group of stakeholders including customers, employees, elected leaders, community leaders, vendors and of course, our regulators. In each of our jurisdictions including at the federal level, we want to understand their perspective and ensure that we communicate clearly what we are trying to do, why we are doing it and how it benefits customers and communities. By effectively engaging with stakeholders, we can foster constructive regulatory and policy environments and our customers, communities, employees win while we also deliver on our commitment to provide steady predictable earnings and dividend growth for our owners. Of course, the proof is in the outcomes and we made important progress on our regulatory objectives over the last few months. Starting at the federal level in November FERC issued notice of denial of the request for rehearing on the uncertain tax position and sale leaseback case. FERC's order explicitly stated that the rehearing request would not be redressed in a future order. Both parties have filed appeals of the FERC and the court could come to a decision later this year. Turning to the retail level. We have seen progress on accelerated resilience, which is extremely important for the security of all our stakeholders and especially, our coastal customers and communities. Entergy New Orleans shared polling results with the council members to show that the community supports efforts to accelerate resilience and they're willing to pay for it. The City Council's Climate and Sustainability Committee has taken first step to move in this direction recommending approval of the $110 million project that was granted 50% matching funds through the federal GRIP program. This is a good first step and improved resilience for one district in New Orleans, but it's far from the final step. The committee has asked Entergy New Orleans to shorten Phase 1 to a three-year period rather than the five years in our initial proposal to allow the council to evaluate progress sooner before moving to the next phases of the plan. The matter is on today's City Council agenda. Our three-year resilience plan will align with the previous filing with projects optimized to fit within the shorter time frame. We expect to submit the updated plan in the next few weeks. For Entergy Louisiana the hearing was moved to early April to give staff an opportunity to ensure the plan is consistent with the latest thoughts on the forthcoming resilience rules. In the meantime, recent technical conferences have allowed parties to continue advancing the resilience conversation. Parties continued to be supportive of greater resilience and we still expect an LPSC decision on this matter in the second quarter. The PUCT finalized the Texas Resilience Act rule making which provides a framework that supports greater resilience investments and efficient recovery. We did not receive everything we wanted in the rule making particularly around credit support for utility already stretching to meet significant customer growth needs. Still, Entergy Texas intends to submit its plan later this quarter. The commission will have 180 days to act on this filing. We expect a decision in late summer of this year. In addition, Texas voters approved funding for the Texas Energy Fund. Of the $5 billion appropriated $500 million has been designated for grants to non-ERCOT utilities, municipals and co-ops. We intend to participate for the benefit of our customers communities and expect more details in the coming months. In December, Entergy New Orleans received certification of Hurricane Ida cost. The council's order determined that all restoration costs were prudent. This approval fully resolves recovery of all Ida costs. As a reminder, Entergy New Orleans received securitization funds in early 2023 in advance of the final certification. This follows a similar path where Entergy Louisiana received $1 billion of securitization funds for Ida well in advance of final cost certification. Financial resilience through fair and efficient storm costs recovery is critical for utility credit to ensure low borrowing costs for customers. Timely recovery of storm costs also avoids carrying costs and save customers money. In addition to affordability, strong credit is important for storm response and making investments to support economic growth in our communities. Our gas LDC sale process is moving along nicely, and we made initial regulatory filings to request approval for the sale. We are targeting to close the transaction around the third quarter of next year after a transition period to allow the buyer to set up all support systems. The stakeholder engagement process has been going well and the closing time line could be accelerated if regulatory reviews are completed this year. In January, the Louisiana Public Service Commission approved two renewable resources, totaling 225 megawatts. Both projects are expected to come online in 2025. And Entergy Louisiana's request to streamline the acquisition of up to 3000 megawatts of new solar resources, all testimony has been filed and we are making progress in settlement negotiations. Parties filed a request to suspend the procedural schedule while discussions continue. Entergy Louisiana is optimistic it can achieve a constructive resolution of this case that will facilitate our ability to expand renewable resources to support customer needs. And finally, the unanimous settlement of Entergy Arkansas's annual FRP filing was approved, new rates were effective in January. Turning for a moment to the communities we serve. In 2023, we created more than $135 million in economic value for our communities. That includes $25 million of direct shareholder contributions, primarily for bill payment assistance as well as facilitation for LIHEAP assistance, employee volunteers supporting tax preparation and many other activities. One current example is our employees helping our community celebrate Black History Month. We are very proud of the work of our employees and our corporate social responsibility team, as they provide critical health to strengthen the communities we serve and our efforts haven't gone unnoticed. Newsweek recently named Entergy as one of America's most responsible companies. We were also recognized as one of the nation's top 50 most community-minded corporations by the Points of Light Foundation and the highest ranked utility. And Entergy was once again included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America Index. This is the 22nd consecutive year that we've been included on a selective DJSI index. These are just a few examples of the awards we've received that recognize our efforts to create value for our customers, employees and communities. Looking ahead, in 2023, we continue to lay the foundation for long-term growth and customer benefits for Entergy and our stakeholders. As I mentioned at the start, our strategy begins with helping our customers achieve their goals including the unique industrial growth opportunity in front of us. We plan to invest $20 billion over the next three years to make our fleet cleaner and to make our system more reliable and resilient. Just over half of our capital plan, $11 billion is for transmission and distribution to improve reliability and resilience and to serve customer growth. This includes projects from MISO's annual transmission planning process that were approved in December. The 2023 MTAP identified 34 new projects in our service area, including major projects in Southeast Texas and South Louisiana to support strong growth in those regions. Our transmission and distribution investment plan includes $1 billion for accelerated resilience, which can be accomplished within our current regulatory frameworks and credit requirements. Just a reminder, this is less than our recommendation but we can increase our resilience investment as we receive approvals from our regulators that include credit supportive recovery mechanisms. We are planning to invest $8 billion in generation. This includes roughly $2 billion for new owned solar as well as the remaining investment to complete the Orange County Advanced Power Station, which we expect to be in service in 2026. Of course, our customers are focused on clean energy. To that end, we are working closely with customers and vendor partners to make carbon capture and sequestration a reality. Our plan also balances customer affordability, which is a core tenet of sustainability. We are working to improve efficiencies and reduce costs allowing us to offset the impact of growth and inflation and maintain a flat O&M outlook as well as become more efficient with our capital investment dollars. And as I discussed earlier, we are pursuing federal and state grant and loan funding opportunities. Bringing new customers into our service area also spreads the cost of customer-centric investments over a larger customer base and improved local economies, which helps with affordability. And finally, other actions like managing our natural gas inventory and ensuring generator operations at moments that matter, improves reliability and helps avoid unexpected spikes in fuel and purchase power costs for our customers. 2023 was another successful year for Entergy, and given the opportunity ahead of us, we still have a lot of work to do. Our proven track record gives us the confidence that we will continue to be successful. We are keenly focused on execution across key customer, operational regulatory and financial fronts. By continuing to put customers first, we will deliver premium value for each of our key stakeholders. Before I turn it over to Kimberly, I'm excited to announce that we will host an Analyst Day on June 6 and 7. And this year, we're returning to our home city New Orleans. We will continue the conversation on the significant opportunities that we see ahead including a five-year view as we've done in the past. And now, Kimberly will review our financial results for the year as well as our outlook.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. As Drew said, 2023 was another successful year. We executed on key deliverables throughout the year and we are confident in our continued success. We are initiating our 2024 guidance and affirming our longer-term outlook consistent with what we provided at EEI. I will start by reviewing results for 2023 and then provide an overview of key business drivers for 2024. Starting on slide 3. Entergy adjusted EPS for 2023 was $6.77, $0.35 higher than 2022. Key drivers are shown on slide 4. Our earnings growth reflected the effects of investments we made to deliver quality service that benefits our customers and communities. That includes regulatory actions as well as higher depreciation expense, taxes other than income taxes and interest expense. O&M spending was lower compared to 2022. This was driven by lower compensation and benefits costs, lower non-nuclear and nuclear generation expenses, and the elimination of MISO generator service cost, which was largely offset by lower generator ancillary revenues. Weather was a benefit for the year, particularly in the third quarter with an exceptionally hot summer. Excluding weather, retail sales volume was relatively flat for the year, as industrial growth was offset by residential and commercial declines. Industrial sales growth was driven by new and expansion large industrial customers, mainly in the primary metals, industrial gases and petrochemicals industries. Industrial sales were strong, but not as robust as anticipated going into the quarter due to outages at customer's facilities and slower ramp-ups from new and expansion customers. We continue to be confident in our industrial growth expectations, as sector margins and commodity spreads remain strong, and we continue to grow our backlog of signed electric service agreements. Full year operating cash flow shown on Slide 5 was nearly $4.3 billion significantly higher than in 2022. Lower fuel and purchase power payments were the largest driver. Higher non-capital storm spending in 2022, and lower pension contributions also contributed to the increase. The receipt of New Orleans storm securitization proceeds and the effects of the EWC wind down in 2022 provided partial offsets. Moving to Slide 6. As we expected, we closed 2023 with solid credit metrics. Our book FFO to debt was 14.3% and we believe our year-end Moody's result will be slightly above this though Moody's will ultimately perform their own calculations. We expect to continue to be within the rating agency's expectations every year in our outlook period. Maintaining healthy credit is an ongoing focus given the capital investment needed to support our customer growth. We made good progress against our equity needs as shown on Slide 7. We contracted roughly $360 million using ATM forwards in the fourth quarter. We fully closed out our equity needs through 2024 by settling $80 million of these new forwards along with $50 million of previously contracted forwards. The remaining $280 million of forward contracted in the quarter will be applied against the $1.4 billion of equity needs for 2025 and 2026. In other words, as we enter 2024 we have already locked in 20% of our 2025 and 2026 equity needs. On Slide 8, we are initiating our 2024 adjusted EPS guidance and affirming outlook through 2026. Our adjusted EPS guidance range for 2024 is $7.05 to $7.35 with a midpoint of $7.20. We continue to expect to achieve steady predictable 6% to 8% annual adjusted EPS growth. Slide 9 highlights the key drivers for 2024. On a weather-adjusted basis, we expect retail sales volumes to be 4% higher than 2023. Industrial sales growth is the largest driver and is expected to be very robust at 8%, driven by new and expansion large industrial customers primarily in technology, or Alkali and Industrial Gases segments. We expect residential sales growth of roughly 1% primarily driven by customer growth and higher weather-adjusted usage per customer. The effects of customer-centric investments are also reflected in our guidance, including regulatory actions, depreciation expense and taxes other than income taxes. AFUDC is also expected to increase with large long-term capital projects like Orange County Advanced Power Station. Interest expense both at the utility and parent is expected to increase due to higher interest rates as well as higher debt balances to support our capital plan. Utility O&M is expected to return to more normal levels at approximately $2.7 billion. To achieve this, we expect lower spending for nuclear generation and power delivery. We're maintaining our focus on continuous improvement to manage our spending levels. To the extent other variables move throughout the year, our O&M may also move. Our goal is to deliver steady predictable results and we can achieve that by managing spending as needed. The appendix of the webcast presentation contains additional information on the specific drivers, including detailed quarterly considerations and earnings sensitivities. 2023 was another successful year for Entergy. Our adjusted EPS was once again in the top half of our guidance range, as we continue to deliver steady predictable adjusted EPS and dividend growth. We continue to prioritize the needs of our customers to create value for our key stakeholders. We're excited about our prospects for the future and are well positioned to execute and deliver successful customer, operational and regulatory outcomes. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me now?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: Great. My first question was about the -- I know it was in your GAAP results, you favorably adjust out that large tax item from the tax audit. Was that -- did you receive the cash on that is something that kind of benefits shareholders? I know you have the $100 million for customers. But if you could just give us some flavor of how that impacts kind of the company's benefit as well as the ratepayers?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure, Paul. Thanks for the question. The tax item was a resolution of the 2016 to 2018 audit. And as you noted on EPS, we adjusted those effects out of earnings. From a cash perspective, there's no real cash effect of that as the NOLs and the tax deposits had taken care of that. So no significant cash effect there.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And then also, I noticed even just since the EEI update it increased the sales expectations for 2024 pretty much across the customer classes. Just what are you seeing on the ground that made you more confident a change upward so recently?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Certainly, the EEI, our plan is preliminary. We continue to adjust and modify that. As I noted, the industrial customers, we expect them to be strong in 2024. You probably saw the announcement in Mississippi around a significant customer there that provides economic opportunities in Mississippi, but we continue to refine and modify our forecast as we move from EEI into quarter end.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. And I would just add that -- for this year, we were a little lower than expected. So our outlook for '23 haven't changed as much as it might indicate by the big bump. But it's some of the things that Kimberly talked about for '23 with customers having unplanned outages and slower ramp rates that is also boosting that number?
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Okay. Great. And then if I can quickly follow up on that. Is there any initial estimate or a way to think about how much infrastructure you could need to build for that large Mississippi customer?
Kimberly Fontan: Yea. We haven't broken that out specifically. You can see that we continue to refine our capital plan and have added some capital in Mississippi in order to support that and ensure that we have clean energy for our customers in Mississippi, but we haven't given specific estimates related to that customer.
Operator: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot team. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Seaport.
Angie Storozynski: So just following up to Paul's question. So is this CapEx update still coming, meaning as we head into your Analyst Day, we should actually expect that this accelerating loan growth translates into higher CapEx?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. Angie, at EEI, we laid out a capital plan that's pretty close to what's here. It's a couple of hundred million more here. And we continue to refine our capital plan, prioritize around customers that we're aware of. We also showed at EEI additional capital that could be added. There was additional transmission, additional clean energy for -- to support customers and a couple of other areas. And so we continue to work to prioritize those. But I would think about this as this is our capital plan that we're planning for. We're continuing to prioritize it as we move into analyst day. I'd expect we'd show you five years of capital. And so that would be the view that you would get at that point.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. Some of that capital that we talked about is coming into this plan, and then we're finding ways to manage with all of the capital needs. And that's -- I think that will be a key discussion point at the Analyst Day.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Changing topics on SERI and the resolution of SERI issues in both New Orleans and Louisiana is there any time line on those? And should we actually link any resolution of SERI related issues to the Brazilian CapEx maybe as a way to pay for some of the spending.
Rod West: Hi, Agnie, it's Rod. Good morning. You're touching on I think the heart of the conversations at both Louisiana and New Orleans around SERI. No, there is not a time line by which the parties have to come to some resolution on SERI. But I think the fact that FERC has already decided with regard to Louisiana's efforts to request a rehearing. Certainly our settlement with Arkansas and Mississippi has derisked the SERI. But our conversations in New Orleans around settlement are ongoing. There is as you would think about the ancillary or complementary regulatory dockets both in Louisiana and New Orleans that could be affected by a SERI settlement. I think you're touching on what's been at the heart of the ongoing conversations. And that is -- is there an opportunity for New Orleans or the state of Louisiana to provide benefits to its customers through a SERI settlement much in the same way that Mississippi and Arkansas did. And in this case I believe New Orleans is certainly considering how SERI settlement might influence customers capacity to pay for resiliency investments. None of those things are settled and I certainly can't talk about where we are in the negotiations. But I think it's reasonable to assume that the conversations we're having are trying to figure out how a serious supplement might benefit customers on the resiliency front.
Angie Storozynski: Perfect. Good luck. Thank you.
Rod West: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is open. 
Travis Miller: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Travis Miller: Just a couple of clarifying questions here. So if I could follow-up on the load growth number. That 8% industrial for this year if you could estimate, how would you break that down in terms of the recapture for a lack of better word of what you were expecting in 2023? And what's a good kind of go-forward two year, three year type of run rate on a core basis. Does that make sense?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, Travis what we've talked about going forward is a 6% to 7% or CAGR through the 2026 outlook period. What you're seeing as you noted in 2024 is coming off of a base year of 2023. That low will be a little lumpy as it comes in over that period, but we expect a 6% to 7% growth rate on those industrials over that outlook period.
Travis Miller: Okay.
Drew Marsh: And as far as the recapture piece we don't have a precise number for that. It's probably 1% or 2% if not -- that's a component of it probably in that range.
Travis Miller: Yes. Okay. Just doing the math there. Okay. Other one on the resilience the new CapEx that you added in is that part of the Louisiana and New Orleans plan that you've proposed? Or is that in addition to.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. As Drew noted, we have a little less than $1 billion of resilience spending in our capital plan over this period. Once decisions are made in Louisiana and New Orleans around the recovery mechanism than the pace around that, then we would -- that could be additional capital. But what's in that capital plan is close to that $1 billion number.
Drew Marsh: And that's part of those -- that$1 billion is part of the filed plans.
Kimberly Fontan: Thats correct [ph]
Travis Miller: It's part of the plan. Okay. Okay. Got it. So that number would go down in terms of potential CapEx relative to what you've added in.
Kimberly Fontan: No, I don't think so. The filing just to be clear, the filing is more than what we've included. What we've included is, what we can spend in our given mechanisms that we have. And as you probably know, we requested accelerated mechanisms in both Louisiana and New Orleans, so that we can accelerate that spending. And so, depending on those mechanisms that could provide additional opportunity for capital there.
Travis Miller: Okay. Okay. Very good. And then one other quick clarifying. The $2 billion of solar, how much of that is through the RFPs that are out right now? And how much is that through either traditional ratemaking or future RFPs that you anticipate?
Drew Marsh: I don't have a precise breakdown of that. We do have quite a bit, which isn't necessarily going through RFPs. It's certainly in Arkansas and Mississippi. And so, I think there's a good chunk of that, but I don't have a precise number for you.
Travis Miller: Okay. No problem. Thanks a lot. Thats all I had.
Drew Marsh: Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Abler, I will now turn the call back over to you.
Bill Abler: Thank you Rob, and thanks everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on February 29, and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance, with generally accepted accounting principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Joel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Entergy Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation.
Bill Abler: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Drew Marsh; and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO will review the results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in todays press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today we are reporting very strong financial results for the quarter, as well as important progress with a few recent announcements, including a settlement in principle with the Arkansas Public Service Commission on SERI litigation and an agreement to sell our gas distribution business. Starting with our quarterly financial results. Our adjusted earnings per share was $3.27. We experienced record temperatures with an estimated impact of $0.64, which has given us the opportunity to flex our spending plans to invest in key areas that benefit our customers, derisk 2024 and support our goal to deliver steady predictable results. With our results to-date and our biggest quarter behind us, we are raising the bottom of the guidance range by $0.10 per share. We remain well-positioned to achieve our long-term 6% to 8% growth outlooks. Our goal to deliver steady predictable growth includes our dividend. Consistent with expectations, our Board of Directors once again raised our quarterly dividend by 6% to $1.13 per share or $4.52 annually. Turning to the business update. Our system faced extreme heat and we saw record demand through July and August. In fact, they were 13 days that surpassed previous peak demand records. Despite the challenging weather, our system met our customers high expectations. Our power delivery team withstood June storms as the summer turned hot and dry for most of our service territory. Our generation portfolio covered our customer demand and we operated well within our reserve margins and our nuclear fleet was online throughout the quarter with a fleet capability factor of 99%. We continue to invest in our nuclear assets with the goal to operate safely and reliably well into the future. Two of our plants are currently planned outages to complete work along these lines. Waterford 3 is an extended planned refueling outage that includes significant investments to drive plant longevity. In addition, we advanced in a planned outage to complete minor repairs to improve reliability going forward. We are also investing in power delivery to improve reliability and resiliency. These investments not only benefit existing customers but also attract new economic development through our region. Through the first three quarters of this year, we replaced approximately 21,000 distribution poles placed nearly 1,500 new transmission structures in service and completed 15 new substations. Our past investments in modern efficient generation units, our nuclear fleet and our power delivery system helped us meet this summers number of demands. We continue to see signs of strong customer growth that helps affordability by spreading fixed costs over a larger customer base. For example, First Solar announced plans to invest up to $1.1 billion to build the solar manufacturing facility, CF Industries is proposing a $2 billion low-carbon clean ammonia production facility and Cora is proposing an $800 million investment in two electric vehicle battery supply-chain projects. These are just a few of the projects to support our expectation for strong growth in the coming years. We have made meaningful progress on important regulatory matters which support the credit required to meet customers growing needs and to drive improved customer outcomes. First, System Energy reached a $142 million global settlement in principle with the Arkansas Public Service Commission to resolve all current SERI claims. Entergy Arkansas has already received some funds and the remaining amount will be refunded by SERI once FERC approves the settlement. This agreement is consistent with SERIs settlement with Mississippi which was approved by FERC. It is also consistent with the reserve recorded last year. With this latest settlement, SERI has now resolved nearly two-thirds of its litigation risk. The SERI settlement follows FERCs August order on rehearing for the sale leaseback renewal and uncertain tax position case. In that order, FERC agreed with System Energys arguments on the sale leaseback and depreciation refund calculations and denied rehearing requests on the uncertain tax positions. Accordingly, we submitted our compliance report on the sale leaseback and SERI has recouped $40 million of the amount previously paid to Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Louisiana. Shortly after 1st August order, the LPSC filed for rehearing and clarification. FERC denied the rehearing by operation of law and indicated intends to issue an additional order on this matter. We believe that the August order and settlement with Arkansas provides important clarity that will help guide constructive discussions to resolve the remaining SERI litigation matters. A fair and reasonable settlement can provide meaningful refunds to customers in the near-term and eliminate uncertainty which itself brings further benefits to customers. Turning to retail matters. Entergy New Orleans new formula rates were approved by the City Council and went into effect in September. This is the last rate change under E-NOs current FRP. In addition, the Council also approved Entergy New Orleans request to extend its FRP for another three years. The outcome provides regulatory clarity for Entergy New Orleans and includes enhancements that will support the companys credit and by extension, its ability to make important investments for its customers. Entergy Louisiana, likewise, has new formula rates effective in September, its last rate change under its current FRP. In the third quarter, Entergy Louisiana also filed its rate case and alternatively proposed to extend its FRP with some revisions to provide an opportunity to earn a fair improved return on investment that is critical to support the Louisiana growth. The proposal also includes new customer and community programs to support those in need. We prefer the proposed FRP renewal to the rate case as it better supports the strong growth that is important to Louisiana. Regardless of the past, our goal is to maintain the current cadence with new rates effective next September. In late breaking news at the LPSC yesterday afternoon, we filed an unopposed stipulated settlement to resolve outstanding 2017 to 2019 formula rate plan filings and certain issues in the 2020 and 2021 filings. This settlement, which requires LPSC review is consistent with our outlooks and it represents continued work with our stakeholders to provide clarity on our path forward. Separately, Louisianas docket to implement a streamlined process for certification of up to 3,000 megawatts of new solar is also progressing. Staff testimony is supportive of enhancing the process and we will work with them to incorporate the perspective. It is still relatively early in the process and we are hopeful that we will ultimately reach a constructive settlement as part of our ongoing efforts to work collaboratively with our regulators to bring clean energy solutions for our customers. In Texas, the PUCT approved our rate case settlement. New rates, as well as new depreciation and amortizations are effective retroactive to December 2022. And also just yesterday, Entergy Arkansas filed the unanimous settlement with its annual FRP. That allowance for a rate change with a 4% cap. We expect the commission to take up the matter before year-end and new rates will be effective in January. Last week, Entergy Arkansas agreed to forego cost recovery from the state or incidents in 2013. As a result, this quarter, Entergy Arkansas wrote off replacement power costs for an underappreciated plant through on its balance sheet. This has been a long-standing issue and this resolution provides clarity moving forward. Finally, regarding resilience. We continue to move forward in the processes to review our accelerated resilience proposals. In New Orleans, we are holding town hall meetings to listen to our stakeholders inputs and answer their questions. We are targeting a City Council decision by year-end. In Louisiana, we received input from a staff engineer, as well as staff and interveners. All parties agree that accelerated resilience would benefit customers. There are however varying opinions on how much we should pursue right now and the timing, as we work together to manage customer affordability. Our focus remains on bringing as much value to customers as we can while maintaining the credit of the business. We have significant capital needs to meet our customers growing demand for reliable, resilient and clean energy. To that end, we are pursuing opportunities to source that capital at lower costs. On Monday, we announced an agreement to sell our gas distribution business for $484 million. We will use the proceeds to reduce debt and support our capital needs. The sale is expected to be essentially neutral to earnings. While the gas business is a relatively small piece of our overall utility business, the more than 200 employees in that business are an important part of Entergys community and culture as they have been for over 100 years. We have reached agreement with Bernhard Capital Partners, a Louisiana-based group and part because they understand that these employees are critical stakeholders in the gas business. In addition, our customers will continue to receive the high level of service that they have come to expect. The transaction is contingent on regulatory approvals and we anticipate closing around the third quarter of 2025. Federal programs are another cost effective way to source capital. We are pursuing both grants and loans through various programs. For example, under the Grid Resilience and Innovation Partnerships or GRIP program, each of our operating companies submitted applications. We are pleased to report that the proposal from Entergy New Orleans was selected in the federal share of the $110 million system hardening and battery microgrid project will be $55 million. While four of our projects were not selected, they did receive encouragement letters and we are able to reapply for future funding rounds. We are also preparing to apply for federal loans through the DOE titled 17 Clean Energy Financing Program. Our application will include projects that we are already planning, including renewable generation, battery storage and transmission projects. Beyond federal financing directly for our customers, we are working with our community partners to attract other federal support for investment in our region. A good example is Louisianas Hero Project that unites public-private and philanthropic sectors to accelerate more affordable, reliable and clean energy to protect residents of Louisiana from climate change threats. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans were both critical team members in helping Louisiana secure the $500 million award. Another example is Entergy Texas participation in the high velocity hydrogen hub, which was selected by the deal with DOE for $1.2 billion award. This funding will help jumpstart additional clean energy production transportation and end-use opportunities which in turn will create jobs and economic activity and our communities. Entergy Texas could see additional load from blue and green hydrogen customers as a result. Most of our community work is local boots on the ground, including economic developments. Our teams work alongside our state and local governments to attract new business, jobs and tax base to our service area. We are honored that Site Selection magazine has once again recognized Entergy as a top utility for economic development. We also have programs to directly help our customers in need. With the extreme heat this past quarter, we stepped up our efforts to provide resources for bill assistance, provide education on energy efficiency, a range of payment plans and encourage customers to transition to levelize billing. We also hosted our first Power Your Future Summit with education and workforce partners across our service area to create pathways to employment for individuals from underrepresented communities. These are just a few examples of the tremendous work our utility companies and employees put toward our community stakeholders every day. The EEI Financial Conference is just a couple of weeks away. The fundamentals underpinned -- underpinning our growth and value creation for each of our key stakeholders remains intact. Our long-term sales growth outlook is robust, bolstered by the IRA. Our investment plan includes incremental capital to support the growth and other customer objectives including reliability, resilience and clean energy investments. Customer affordability remains a priority and we are actively pursuing continuous improvement efforts to expand our employee skills and capabilities, and using technologies like artificial intelligence and robotic process automation to help us maintain a generally flat O&M trajectory despite the inflationary environment and our incremental investments. While our capital plan is increasing, we have a plan to manage within the current financing environment that meets our credit objectives with the same level of equity we laid out at Analyst Day. With all of that, we are on track to deliver steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth and steadily working to build the premier utility. We look forward to continuing this conversation with you at the EEI Financial Conference in a couple of weeks. Now I will turn the call over to Kimberly, who will review our financial results for the quarter.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew, and good morning, everyone. As Drew said, we have had a very strong quarter with results to keep us on track to meet our financial commitments. Summarized on slide three, our adjusted earnings were $3.27 per share, with results to-date, we are narrowing our guidance range. We are also affirming our 6% to 8% adjusted EPS growth through 2026. Slide four details the quarters variances by line items. As Drew mentioned, weather this quarter was one of the hottest on record. Excluding weather, retail sales volume declined roughly 1%. For industrial, sales to new and expansion customers increased mainly in the primary metal, industrial gases and petrochemical sectors. Sales to Cogent customers were lower in the quarter. You may recall that Cogent sales were elevated last year. Sales to existing large industrial customers often have declined, primarily in the petrochemicals, pulp and paper and agricultural chemical sectors, largely due to outage timing. We continue to expect strong industrial sales in the fourth quarter from new and expansion customers, which will bring the full-year industrial growth to close to 2%. Regulatory actions positively affected results. Entergy Texas implemented new base rates and new formula rates were in effect at the other operating companies. O&M was $0.12 lower compared to last year. Drivers for the decrease were nuclear expense, including lower outage costs and compensation and benefits, comps. MISO ancillary generator service costs were also lower. This was largely offset by the lower generated ancillary revenues. Other drivers for the quarter results included expense increases that result from our customer-centric investments, primarily higher interest cost and depreciation on new assets. New depreciation rates for Entergy Texas also contributed. Operating cash flow is shown on slide five. The quarters results is $1.4 billion, which is $412 million higher than last year. Key drivers included the timing of fuel and purchase power payments, lower O&M spending and last years EWC severance and retention payments. These were partially offset by lower utility customer receipts due to lower fuel revenue and the timing of pension contributions. Turning to credit and liquidity on slide six. Net liquidity remained strong at $4.9 billion. With less than a quarter left, we remain squarely on track to achieve credit metrics at or above target ranges by the end of this year. Key drivers include debt repayments in the fourth quarter and the roll-off of FFO items from fourth quarter of 2022. Looking at slide seven, our equity needs through 2024 are unchanged. We have a small amount remaining for that period that is well within the capacity of our ATM program. Slide eight summarizes our adjusted EPS outlook. As I mentioned earlier, we are once again narrowing our guidance range and affirming our long-term 6% to 8% growth outlook through 2026. As we move into the last quarter of the year, Id like to highlight a few updates for the balance of the year. Higher than planned revenue from weather gives us the ability to flex up spending in areas that benefit our customers and derisk future periods. Our full year O&M estimate reflects the impact of these flex spending levers. For example, our 2023 spending now includes additional maintenance expense as a result of our generating units running at very high capacity, incremental vegetation management to improve reliability, supplemental maintenance for transmission and distribution assets to improve reliability and bill assistance to help customers who need it. Our FLEX program helps us ensure that we deliver steady, predictable, adjusted EPS growth, year-in and year-out. The Entergy management team will be in Phoenix in less than three weeks, where we will discuss the progress we have made on our long-term growth strategy and provide preliminary three-year capital and financing plans. Additionally, we will provide high-level consideration for 2024s earnings expectations. We have a strong base plan consistent with our strategic objectives that support our growing customer base. We are excited about the opportunities before us and look forward to talking to you at EEI. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Hey, Drew. Just a question on the 2023 earnings and the 2024 assumptions building up. Obviously, you now have $0.48 of positive weather impact versus normal for the year moving up the bottom end of the range which you talked about by $0.10. I guess, what other offsets are you now embedding in the 2023 guidance and do you see any carry-forward benefits to 2024 specifically, maybe commenting on your O&M assumption going from $0.85 to $0.20 for year-over-year? How much of the difference quarter-over-quarter as reinvestment for the benefit of 2024? Thanks.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure, Shar. Thanks for the question. As you noted, we did have significant weather that enabled us to pull forward some O&M spending. Some of that is, as I noted, related to that vegetation management spending that is coming into 2023. Theres also been additional spending in the transmission and distribution space around maintenance on those assets. All of that does help derisk 2024. And then we did have this higher spending in 2023 in the third quarter and a flow a bit into the fourth quarter as we continue to maintain a unit for Drew mentioned that ran so well to support these higher volumes. So all those help contribute to that change in the O&M space and thats help derisk future periods.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. And then just, I guess, in light of just the asset sale announcement you guys did on the gas side. I guess, why keep the reiterated equity need, especially as we are thinking about 2025 and 2026, and does a CapEx step up require incremental equity, there as we are heading into EEI? Thanks.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. The gas sale does help support the incremental capital that Drew mentioned going into our 2025 and 2026 outlooks. We also have strong sales that support that and we do not have the incremental equity in that period and supported by those two items, and we will go through more details of the financing plan for that at EEI in a couple of weeks.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just lastly on this on the SERI complaints proceedings. I mean, obviously, you noted the settlement in principle in Arkansas, but the debate has been somewhat confrontational especially as we are thinking about Louisiana. What was the impetus of the settlement and for Arkansas and do you guys think its sort of repeatable with the other jurisdictions? Thanks.
Roderick West: Well, good morning. Its Rod. The impetus...
Shar Pourreza: Hey, Rod.
Roderick West: The impetus. Good morning. The impetus for the timing of the settlement I think stemmed from the August FERC ruling that in our view lowered the risk of uncertainty around further refunds due from the uncertain tax position and sale leaseback. So it was an opportunity for us to revisit negotiations, given the clarity from an August -- mid-August decision.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just how do you think the read-through, I guess, to the didnt -- I guess, Louisiana for sure.
Roderick West: Yeah. From our advantage point. We view it as constructive. Obviously, we wont talk about comment on specific timing or progress with Louisiana or New Orleans, but we are comfortable saying we remain inactive in pursuit of settlement under the -- under similar terms with the point being, obviously, as long as we are able to reach constructive settlements thats fair and reasonable and certainly consistent with the way in which we approach that Arkansas and Mississippi. We think we have a fair shot, but obviously, we did the counterparties to align with us and thats the work that remains.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Thanks. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Thanks, Rod.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. Your name -- your line is open.
David Arcaro: Great. Good morning. Hey, Drew. Hey, Kimberly. Hey, Rod.
Roderick West: Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Kimberly Fontan: Good morning.
David Arcaro: Thanks for taking my questions. I am wondering if you could elaborate a bit on what you are seeing in the industrial sales backdrop. Just seeing the weather normal sales down for this quarter. What are you seeing in terms of activity around projects and major industrial customer expansions that they have been working on?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Big picture, David. As I noted, we are seeing, we continue to see a strong pipeline around new and expansion customers and Rod can talk on that, more specifically. For the quarter, we had some outages in our existing customers that drove to what our results are our year-to-date and our pipeline continues to be strong.
Roderick West: Yeah. The short story there is that the pipeline of projects to your question has continued to grow. We will provide a little more insight around that at EEI, but our confidence in our growth prospects are reflecting the actual growing number of projects of customers coming into service territory. So robust is the operative word there.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. Thanks for that. And so at the end of the day no change to your projections in terms of what you had been expecting industrial sales growth to look like going forward?
Roderick West: That is correct. No change.
David Arcaro: Okay. Okay. Thanks. And then, I was wondering, if you could just comment on your competitiveness in renewable RFP, just any progress there. Thinking ahead to the potential opportunity in Louisiana with the enhanced renewable RFP three gigawatts. Just how are you situated as that comes closer?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. The pipeline continues from our perspective on our solar self-development continues to develop well. We have developed the capabilities to be competitive in that space and we are continuing to plan to support customer growth and desire for clean energy in the renewable space, as well as other clean energy they may warrant, but our team is continuing to ramp up and continuing to be quite competitive in that space. So we are excited to see that and see that support our customers growth.
David Arcaro: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to follow up on the U.S. Gulf Coast industrial activity, if I could. Just curious, I guess, in your investor conversations or do you feel the market fully appreciates given where WTI has moved up versus relative to gas and what the spread is on a BTU basis for oil and oil byproducts versus gas and natural gas byproducts? How much of a material advantage that is for the U.S. Gulf Coast, both as a feedstock for the petchem industry, as well as power cost for industrial businesses down there, and I guess, the very long multiyear trend of growth that could underpin?
Drew Marsh: Yeah, Jeremy. Those economic indicators or things that we track closely. As you mentioned they are important to some of our industrial customers. Both the spread between natural gas and some of the oil products, those -- that as you pointed out have widened out and are very supportive of the Gulf Coast here, particularly as European gas prices have gone up in the last month or so, as everybody knows. So that has made. Its continuing what we already know. Its a big macro trends around global geopolitical uncertainty and that has led to as you continue to be the case broken global supply chains and that brings a lot of investments in the U.S. when they look at the U.S. and the Gulf Coast. So whether you are talking about geographic spreads or commodity spreads. They are all very-very strongly supporting our industrial customers in the industrial growth along the Gulf Coast, and in particular, in our service territory.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Very clear. Thank you. Maybe just following up on some of your prepared remarks there with New Orleans, Louisiana resiliency filing comments. You mentioned that they are bearing options and opinions as how to -- how much resiliency to do right now. Any sense as to how much variability you could see in the outcomes of these filings, other than affordability concerns, what are the other kind of big moving pieces here that are involved in these resiliency discussions?
Roderick West: Its Rod. If you recall there were two primary areas, where we got initial feedback. One was a staff engineer and the other was the commission staff. We had strong alignment on the need for resilience. So we are not arguing about whether or not this is something we ought to be doing. There were two dynamics around the staff testimony that I think is instructive. One was they referenced their support for rider recovery for retired assets. That gave us a lot of comfort that we could come to a constructive resolution once we sort of decide the scope and they also recommended transparency and accountability features. But I think the work really for us is going to continue to align around scope, pace and ultimately cost. When we ultimately decide on what could be a solid outcome, our objective is making sure on the back end that the recovery mechanism continues to support credit and our access to capital, but those sort of swim lanes are where the lions share of the debate is going to be as the commission will rightfully be looking to answer the resiliency bell, but around affordability for customers.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Just one last one if I could. Given that you have reaffirmed your 6% to 8% EPS CAGR through 2026 in line with the Investor Day commentary. Is it reasonable to assume rate base growth will also continue at a similar 7% to 8% CAGR through 2028? How would accelerated resiliency impact this similarly would how higher renewables win rate impact this? On the other side of the coin, do you see pressures against this, such as FRP taps as far as inflation is concerned, just trying to see both sides, how you see this playing out?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. The rate base we would expect to continue to grow consistent with growing capital investment as those investments are made to support our customers and the objectives that we have to support them. From a pressure perspective, certainly, there are opportunities for additional capital around resilience. For example, we have assumed base level of resilience as we have discussed previously, but with accelerated mechanisms. For example, there is more resilience that could be placed, and if customers are interested in renewables at a faster pace that certainly could be additional capital that would drive additional spending as well and then it really is about making sure that we are supporting our customers growth and continuing to provide them with services and the reliable power that we offer.
Roderick West: And I will just add that as we get to EEI, we planned some additional disclosures around that potential capital increase above what we already have.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. Just real quick, the FRPs, any issues as far as caps against inflation that are something that we should be thinking about?
Kimberly Fontan: Jeremy, we pay attention to customer affordability and we certainly monitor the caps that we have to make sure that we are making investments that are staying within affordability for our customers. So that we have had constructive regulatory mechanisms in all of our jurisdictions and continue to expect to have that as we go forward.
Drew Marsh: And we always are talking about our continuous improvement efforts. Those are the things that help us manage against things like inflation and it is been a tough bear in the last couple of years. But we do believe that we can really hold the line, as I mentioned in my remarks, against inflation and all the other capital that we are putting to work, which also drives costs or can drive costs as well. So thats our objective. So we dont see it impacting our rates as much as just all the incremental investment really is.
Jeremy Tonet: Understood. Appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Thank you, team.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: And first of all done on the latest series settlement progress. Very nice to say. And I was hoping, I could kind of merge Dave and Jeremys question and kind combine. Whats the quantum of incremental capital opportunities across the renewable efforts, as well as the hardening and resiliency programs, I know theres been a lot of numbers and timeframes, just if you could help kind of frame the opportunity set, relative to the outlook would be helpful?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Paul, we will get into all the specifics at EEI, I dont have the details in front of me, but there is. I think we have talked historically about $900 million of resilience in the base and then incremental resilience on top of that. Thats available and assuming we get or when and if we get accelerated recovery, but looking into all the specifics on the puts and takes around capital in a couple of weeks.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Thanks. And eagerly anticipating EEI a bigger update. And then the other one, just on Louisiana with the rate case/the FRP extension. Is this the kind of major proceeding that you think needs to be more fully litigated or is that a settlement and opportunity there?
Drew Marsh: Yeah. From our advantage point, a settlement is one an opportunity and two desire. But to be specific, a settlement in favor of continuing on with the FRP regime provides clarity for both us and customers, and certainly, promotes certainty around recovery, given the growing investment needs to support growth in Louisiana. And certainly, a smoother transition as we began to pick up on the putting capital to work for both resiliency and to fund the growth. And so from our advantage point, having the flexibility that FRP provides for both us and our customers and regulators is the optimal outcome there and avoiding the litigation certainly is an expense to our stakeholders of litigating a rate case is something we have as stakeholders who have chosen to avoid in Louisiana. So, yeah, the FRP is definitely the path that we are working towards.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Understood. And then to clarify quickly just setting expectations on timing, should we think about the settlement potential after the intervenor testimony? I think March 26 of next year or could we potentially see something faster than that?
Drew Marsh: Yeah. Its a great question, but I think its a little early for us at this point to deem the feedback to be meaningful around timing, because discovery really has just gotten underway and we had a procedural order that was said last week that I think set the hearing for August of next year. A couple of things that might be helpful, as you think about milestones in the coming months. The procedural schedule set forth technical conferences in December, January, February. I think that framework, those technical conferences will give some insight as to the initial positioning of the parties and give us then some daylight as to the path forward around potential settlements.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. No. Thank you. Thats very helpful. See you at EEI.
Drew Marsh: Indeed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lonegan of Evercore. Your line is open.
Michael Lonegan: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. So on utility O&M outlook for the year, you talked about going forward spending to derisk 2024, you highlighted some of the categories. Presumably also, given the record temperatures and peak demand you had to spend more O&M for additional work crews and overtime pay to maintain reliability given the stress on the grid. Just wondering if you could break out how much of that spending was pull forward to derisk versus the amount to maintain reliability on your grid?
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Michael. You are right. We did have to spend more to support the hot summer and the volumes and the power gen team performed really well. I dont have the breakout specifically between that piece, as well as the pull forwards. But, certainly, we have been able to pull forward significant spending around reliability in the transmission and distribution space and in the vegetation space as well.
Michael Lonegan: Okay. Great. Thank you for the color. I will see you at EEI.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell of Mizuno, sorry, Mizuho. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: Yeah. Thank you. I think Mizuno sounds very good. Excuse me, just on, I guess, two quick ones. Approval of the gas system sale. I think your guidance like the 3Q 2025 close, its almost two years. Just curious on the length, what causes that long closure, any important milestones along the way, which keep an eye for it?
Roderick West: Yeah. Its Rod. The experience we have and certainly the advice of additional stakeholders suggested that process given the fact that you have both the Louisiana Public Service Commission, the Northern City Council and the Baton Rouge Metro Council, all having a partner process, gives us an outlook of 20 -- 18-months to 21-month timeframe. And thats really what sort of set our expectations. Thats not any singular jurisdiction. Its just the process of getting those approvals and if we are able to do something sooner, then clearly we would be working to achieve that objective.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. I will just add that our buyer is new to this particular business and while all the operations and everything is all going to be good to go and transfer right over. They do need to -- we are going to work with them to set up some of the back-office pieces of this and that might take a little bit longer than it normally would if it was a strategic buyer, for example.
Anthony Crowdell: Got it. And then, I guess, I appreciate the clarity you guys have given on SERI and progress we made earlier this week. But just -- and I know we dont want to just think the negative outcome, but if the company continued to struggle with Louisiana and New Orleans. Is there a period of time that management would just maybe view that when you look at the book value of SERI versus maybe what the liability could be if, Louisiana, New Orleans, sold out? But they would just look it may be ending the venture. I am just curious if like trying to maybe gauge like how long until just management as we tried really hard in [Technical Difficulty] given up on the weaken borrowing.
Drew Marsh: Well, I mean, I will tell you is, I mean, I think that, we are always looking at every potential outcome and options. So that is always part of the calculation. But at this point, we think we have made good progress with the settlement in Mississippi and then now the settlement in Arkansas, such that it derisks roughly two-thirds of the overall exposure there. So we feel like we are making good progress in that. We dont really need to go down that particular path at this time. But that is something that we are always paying close attention to and looking at various options and so thats something we will keep considering in the future.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question guys. Appreciate it.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella of Barclays. Your line is open.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking the time. Just one for me today, a lots been answered. But on the credit, I think, you are doing 12.4% trailing 12 month and you are obviously signaling you can get back to the 14% by year-end and within the appropriate minimum. Can you just confirm thats more just lapping and roll-off of items and theres nothing else required from the regulatory standpoint of approval for the point?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure, Nick. Thats right. The -- there is a significant amount of debt that will roll-off in the fourth quarter. A large part is related to Louisianas securitization from earlier in the year and then there are some items from the fourth quarter at 2022 including the Mississippi settlement with SERI, that was paid out in November that will roll-off in the 12 months ended 2023.
Nick Campanella: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine of Citi. Your line is open.
Ryan Levine: Hi, everybody. What jurisdictions do you see having the biggest opportunity for incremental resilience spending and does the current equity issuance plan have a built-in buffer for some of this CapEx upside highlighted already in the call?
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Ryan. As you know, we have opened filings in New Orleans and Louisiana. On Louisiana between those two has much more spending than New Orleans does. So we also anticipate filing in Texas in 2024, as commission rates the rules coming out of the legislature. As far as the equity in the amount of investment, we have assumed a base level of investments associated with resilience and depending on what is approved out that we will be looking at how to finance that. But we have a significant amount of capital in our plan, including that base level of investments. So more to come as those decisions come out of the jurisdictions.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just finally with, most of my questions been answered, but with respect to the SERI leaseback litigation. Congratulations on the settlement and stuff, but if Louisiana, I guess, I am wondering is, from a fully litigated perspective when we get closure on as if this -- if there isnt a settlement I guess with Louisiana.
Drew Marsh: I want to make sure I am understanding the question. Is the question when would we likely get settlement in Louisiana on the remaining issues that.
Paul Patterson: I guess, look, I guess, I mean, I am not asking you to predict that. I think if you sort of answered that. I guess what my question was, if there isnt a settlement, how long this litigation, when would you expect the litigation
Drew Marsh: Yeah.
Paul Patterson:  to come back to fruition.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. Its a bit long there. If you think about this the FERC process. Addressing those remaining issues could take you well two-plus years and it goes back to what we were suggesting around why we are continuing to pursue settlement and the opportunity to provide benefits and value to customers sooner rather than later and a settlement provides both us and now potentially Louisiana and New Orleans the opportunity to do that versus the uncertainty that comes with the couple of years or so before theres any resolution.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. Thanks for the clarity.
Drew Marsh: Yeah.
Roderick West: And just to say, full resolution on any resolution, because we have
Drew Marsh: Full resolution. Thats right Paul. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Travis Miller of Morningstar. Your line is open. Travis, perhaps, your line is unmuted. There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Abler, I will now turn the call back over to you.
Bill Abler: Thank you, Joel, and thanks everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 9th and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergys Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello. Good morning. My name is Jeremy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Entergy's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation.
Bill Abler: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Drew Marsh, and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements, actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.84. Our progress through the first half of the year keeps us firmly on track to achieve 2023 results in line with our guidance. and we remain well positioned to achieve our long-term 6% to 8% growth outlook. Creating sustainable value for our customers, employees, communities and owners is at the center of everything we do. I'll start today with our work to meet our customers' demands. We're investing in resilience and reliability and working to expand our clean energy footprint. This work helps our current customers meet their goals while also attracting new customers to Entergy's service area. To that end, our power delivery team continues to upgrade legacy assets to new, more robust wind and flooding standards through new construction projects, storm restoration and asset renewal. For example, in the second quarter, our new deployments included roughly 600 transmission structures, approximately 8,000 distribution poles, more than 200 miles of new distribution conductor and 7 new substations. In addition, these improvements will support more than 120 megawatts of growth. Safe and effective nuclear operations are also important for our stakeholders. Our nuclear units continue to provide clean, reliable baseload power to our customers in 2 of our plants, River Bend and ANO Unit 2 recently completed successful refueling outages, which included major projects to support long-term operational excellence. Overall, our nuclear plants are running very well. Outside of refueling outages, our fleet achieved a 99% capability factor for the first half of 2023. While our customers demand more reliability and clean energy from us, our unique and sizable long-term industrial sales growth opportunity continues to improve. Growing businesses support our communities, provide employment opportunities and help with affordability. The inherent advantages of our geographic footprint remain solidly intact. We continue to see evidence of these advantages through recent project announcements in our service areas. For example, ExxonMobil announced a transformative CCUS project that will capture, transport and store up to 800,000 metric tons of CO2 per year from the Nucor iron plant in Convent, Louisiana. The project is expected to start up in 2026. Paired with the recently announced acquisition of Denbury, ExxonMobil's actions clearly highlight the opportunities around CCUS in our region. Also, Shell Catalysts & Technologies announced its final investment decision on the $120 million expansion project in Port Allen, Louisiana. Facility is already the largest refining catalyst plant in the world, and the expansion will create even more manufacturing capacity. These are just a couple of the projects that have the potential to increase and extend our long-term growth rate. We are currently updating our annual industrial sales forecast, and we are accounting for recent trends. As many of you have noted, there has been some weakness in national industrial output indicators like the ISM Manufacturing Index. Despite this, we are seeing strength in our Gulf region. In the quarter, our total industrial sales declined, which had been expected due to higher cogeneration sales last year. Adjusting for Cogent, our industrial sales were up about 1%. For some highlights. Sales to small industrial customers, which are typically more exposed to broader U.S. economic factors, grew nearly 90 gigawatt hours over last year. Sales to large, new and expanding industrial customers grew nearly 100 gigawatt hours over last year. As we look forward, a few large industrial projects have adjusted their in-service dates from 2024 to 2025, which could lower our 2024 industrial growth expectation, but not to a degree that affects our outlook. Overall, our pipeline for projects continues to grow, supported by favorable commodity spreads and the IRA legislation. Early indications show demand in 2025 and beyond shaping up even stronger than our last forecast. As we typically do, we'll provide an update to our industrial growth expectations at EEI. To support this growth and to help our customers meet their sustainability needs, we are expanding our clean energy portfolio. Through 2026, we plan to add nearly 6,000 megawatts of renewable capacity. 2,400 of those megawatts are currently in construction, permitting, regulatory review or negotiations. Approximately 30% of the 2,400 megawatts will be owned by Entergy. Last quarter, I mentioned that we are continuing to work on our self-build capabilities. Our recent self-build submissions have been extremely competitive in the RFP process. However, we have been limited by a smaller development pipeline. I'm pleased to report that we are making progress on that front, and going forward, I would expect Entergy to achieve at least 50% ownership through our competitive RFPs. Moving to regulatory items. We continue to make meaningful progress on important regulatory matters which support the credit required to meet customers' growing needs and drive improved customer outcomes. Beginning with Mississippi, the Public Service Commission approved Entergy Mississippi's formula rate plan settlement, providing full recovery of substantially all costs. Meanwhile, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Arkansas each filed their annual formula rate plans. New rates for Louisiana and New Orleans are expected to be effective in September and Arkansas are expected to be effective at the 1st of next year. As we've discussed, Entergy Louisiana plans to file a base rate case this month, including a request for a new 3-year formula rate plan. We like the clarity and certainty that an FRP provides, which helps us make investments to benefit our customers. However, in recent years, Entergy Louisiana's earned returns have materially lagged its allowed returns. We are making significant investments to support customer growth and demand for greater resilience in cleaner energy in Louisiana. This investment is critical for the state as well as our local communities. It is important to have an opportunity for fair and timely recovery, which allows us to maintain Entergy Louisiana's credit and cost-effectively source capital to meet customers' expectations. Turning to Texas. Entergy Texas has an unopposed settlement before the commission, and we expect a decision at tomorrow's open meeting. Interim rates were implemented in June and once the commission makes its decision, any change in revenue and depreciation expense will be retroactive to December of last year. In addition, the Texas legislative session wrapped up at the end of May and the governor signed a new bill into law that are important to Texas customers and communities as well as to Entergy. I'll highlight a few. The Texas Resiliency Act allows utilities to submit a storm resiliency plan to improve customer outcomes. We expect the commission to complete their initial rulemaking of 180 days which sets the deadline to establish a regulatory framework in mid-December. Entergy Texas will then file its resilience plan shortly after the rulemaking is complete, and the commission will have 180 days to review and act on the filing. Based on this, Entergy Texas currently expects to have clarity on its resilience plan in the middle of next year. The distribution cost recovery factor legislation allows for 2 annual filings, which provide more timely recovery of significant distribution investments that we plan to make in Texas to support customer growth and reliability. And the expedited transmission CCM will reduce the time for commission approval by half to approximately 6 months. This will enable Entergy Texas to complete projects to support customer growth and resilience sooner and with lower risk. Turning to federal matters. In May, we received an initial decision on the unit power sales agreement complaint against SIRI. The ALJ ruled against the complainants on several issues, but recommended approximately $250 million refunds, which is mostly interest primarily associated with accumulated deferred tax issues going as far back as 1996. We disagree with the ALJ's conclusions on ADIT, and we continue to believe that SIRI's positions on the law and the facts are correct and that its actions were prudent and taken for the benefit of customers. SIRI filed its briefs on exception in July, and the next step is a ruling from FERC. There is not a statutory deadline for FERC to issue an order. More broadly on SIRI, I would note that we are still awaiting FERC's response to our compliance filing related to the December 23rd quarter on the sale leaseback and uncertain tax position case. While there is not a procedural deadline, we expect to see this clarification soon, and we expect FERC to affirm that no additional refunds are due. FERC's response will provide clarity and will be an important step towards resolving the broader set of SIRI litigation. Our communities are one of our key stakeholders and actively supporting them is an important part of our strategy. The Civic 50, an initiative of Points of Light named Entergy a top 50 most community-minded company and this year's leader for the utility sector. Another example of our community commitment is our Beat the Heat campaign. In May, we launched a series of measures to help low-income and senior customers save on their utility bills during hot summer months. $4 million in contributions will support thousands of vulnerable customers through bill payment assistance, weatherization events, and distribution and energy efficiency kits. I'm also proud that Forbes Magazine has named Entergy as one of America's best employers for diversity. They recognized our commitment to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace where employees feel valued and respected. Such confirmation is critical as we compete for talent from all corners of our community to best serve the diverse interest of our 3 million customers. Together, our employees are doing a great job of living our vision statement of We Power Life by meeting today's challenges and ensuring that we will create value for our stakeholders well into the future. As you can see, we continue to make progress on our strategy to deliver for all our key stakeholders. We are laser-focused on meeting our customers' demands through operational excellence, resilience and clean energy investments. Meanwhile, we continue to maintain our financial discipline and work closely with our stakeholders to ensure we have the financial strength to drive economic development in our communities. Successfully executing across these dimensions will keep us on track to deliver steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth and move us toward our goal to be the premier utility. I'll now turn the call over to Kimberly, who will review our financial results for the quarter.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. As Drew mentioned, our results this quarter keep us firmly on track, and we are affirming our guidance and our longer-term outlook and remain focused on delivering steady, predictable results. Slide 3 shows a high-level view of the quarter. Our adjusted earnings per share was $1.84, $0.06 higher than last year. We continue to see benefits from our customer-centric investments, including regulatory actions, along with higher depreciation, taxes other than income taxes and interest expense. We also saw a significant reduction in other O&M, a portion of which was for items that do not have a bottom line impact. Slide 4 details the variances by line item. Regulatory actions support our investment program to benefit customers. There were a few updates in the quarter. Entergy Mississippi put its latest FRP rates into effect in April. In June, Entergy Texas implemented interim rates from its rate case settlement. The settlement is credit positive and largely neutral to earnings as the rate case included new higher depreciation rates. Weather was $0.17 lower than last year. While weather was warmer than normal this year, you may recall that temperatures last year were significantly above average. Excluding the effects of weather, retail sales growth for the quarter was down 0.9%. The residential segment had a slightly positive contribution from customer growth, partially offset by lower usage per customer. Commercial and Industrial sales were lower. For Industrial, lower sales to Cogent customers was the primary driver as Cogent sales returned to more normal levels this year. This decline was partially offset by growth from small industrials and new and expansion large industrial customers. O&M was also a driver. We had lower spending for nuclear and nonnuclear generation, primarily due to reduced scope of work. Other drivers included higher rebates associated with our prescription drug program, lower MISO cost and lower pension expense, which were each about $0.05. MISO costs were lower as a result of MISO changing its ancillary services market structure. Because Entergy is a load-serving entity that owns generation, this change is largely neutral to earnings. Operating cash flow, summarized on Slide 5, was $588 million higher than last year. The increase was primarily due to lower payments for fuel and purchase power as natural gas prices were much higher last year. Moving to credit and liquidity on Slide 6. Our net liquidity remained strong at $4.7 billion, which includes $411 million of storm escrows. We expect to utilize a portion of the storm escrows of Louisiana and Mississippi for the storms earlier this year. We remain on track for our credit outlook, including achieving Moody's 14% FFO to debt metric by year-end. During the quarter, both S&P and Moody's downgraded SIRI. The ratings changes stem from SIRI's pending litigation. Left unchecked, this could ultimately result in higher costs for customers. These actions also highlight the cost of SIRI uncertainty and show that resolution would benefit multiple stakeholders. It is our goal to resolve all SIRI litigation in an expeditious manner. Slide 7 summarizes our progress against our equity needs through 2024. We utilized the ATM program this quarter when market conditions were supportive, selling forward approximately 468,000 shares, around $80 million remains in our equity plan through 2024. As shown on Slide 8, we are affirming our guidance range and our longer-term adjusted EPS outlook. We've updated a few of our key assumptions that I'd like to highlight. We saw warmer-than-normal temperatures in the quarter, which contributed $0.07 to EPS. Our plan included conservative assumptions in revenue, and we've now updated our estimates to account for several small favorable items across our operating companies. We've updated our weather-adjusted sales growth estimates and now expect volume impacts on earnings per share to be neutral for the year. This is largely due to lower-than-expected residential sales in the back half of the year. We continue to see overall health in the residential space with increasing customer counts and declining usage per customer, both of which help affordability. We expect other O&M to be $0.85 lower than 2022 for the full year. This includes approximately $0.15 for the reduction in MISO cost that is offset by lower revenues. Excluding that, the full year O&M change would be closer to $0.70, in line with our previous estimates. Our spending plans may adjust based on weather or other factors between now and the end of the year as we continue to use our flex spending to deliver steady, predictable results. You may recall that the remaining EWC ownership interest in 2 nonnuclear generation facilities is included in parent and other. Power prices have been lower than planned due to low natural gas prices, which is driving the expected margin from those operations lower. Taking all of this into consideration, we are tracking to the midpoint of our guidance range. The bottom line is that we have a solid plan with good visibility, and we will continue to execute on the deliverables to achieve steady, predictable growth. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza.
Constantine Lednev: It's actually Constantine here for Shar. So starting at the LPSC. With the LPSC turnover, are there any actionable changes in relationship or alignment that you've implemented? And do you feel the LPSC is in general, comfortable with the current regulatory construct? Or would you look to add anything beyond the new resiliency framework kind of going forward?
Roderick West: It's Rod. I think the best answer to your question is really the proof of concept, the decision that the LPSC has made to date. We've got the support, as you'll recall, after the election at the end of 2022, we got the support for our securitization. We got support for our Lake Charles Transmission system. We got support for our gas business rate decisions, all from the new commission. And so, I don't believe that we have a relationship issue. And in fact, we continue to work collaboratively with this new commission. We acknowledge that the addition of the newest commissioner, Davante Lewis, has created an opportunity for us to engage differently in educating a new commissioner on the historic relationships between the company and its stakeholders, not just the relationship between the commissioner and the company, but also the commissioner and the customer impacts. I know that you're reacting -- your question, react in some respects from some of the comments that have come out of individual commissioners and our reaction has been consistent. As long as we maintain our focus on ensuring positive customer outcomes, whether it's resiliency, whether it's renewables and clean energy and certainly affordability, we expect to be -- continue to be aligned with LPSC. And so we're moving forward, as Drew alluded to, with our regulatory calendars and to file our rate case and FRP as well as a strong renewables portfolio in addition to continuing to fuel the growth for the state, and we expect the commission to be supportive of the company's positions. We'll have a lot of debate along the way, but we'll continue to work constructively with them.
Drew Marsh: And Constantine, as part of your question, whether there's -- we think there's some continued support for formula rate plans within LPSC.
Constantine Lednev: Right. And I guess just anything that you feel like you need incremental to narrow some of those are kind of earned ROE gaps?
Roderick West: Well, from that vantage point, that's less -- less of a change. It's Entergy's interest in ensuring that the -- both -- whatever the regulatory mechanism is, we're using both the filing of the rate case as well as the planned FRP renewal to align those recovery mechanisms with our capital plan. We're not necessarily disclosing any specific tweak at this point to the FRP because we haven't even made the filing yet, but we expect the commission to be receptive to the case we're making for why an FRP is in the best interest of customers long term. We're filing the rate case because it was a condition of the settlement during the last FRP renewal. But we expect to continue to make the case to the commission for why the FRPs and certain adjustments to it would be beneficial to our stakeholders long term.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. That's great color. And maybe shifting to the other kind of regulatory item, SIRI. Would the operational prudence complaint kind of reaching a point of settlement impasse in July and rehearing is still pending. Are you embedding any range of outcomes in the current financial plans just in terms of cash or financing drag? And maybe any guidance on kind of capping the potential liability in any form from the last complaint?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. Thanks for the question. As it relates to SIRI in our financial plan, as you know, we recorded the reserve last year equal to the Mississippi settlement applied broadly across and that is reflected in our financial plan. And then we assumed that we are able to continue to work with the parties to resolve the litigation and that Grand Gulf is an important asset to our fleet and continues to operate and contribute to our results.
Drew Marsh: And I'll add that in terms of capping the exposure, the ALJ order from May regarding the UPSA is while it had -- as I mentioned, they had a $250 million of requested refunds, it did prune off quite a bit of additional liability. And so you do see that the amount of liability continues to come in as we move forward in the process. But we're still working through all that. And certainly, that's the amount that we believe we are at right now is what we have reflected on our books.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to stick with Louisiana here a bit. And I think you touched on it a little bit, but want to see if you might be able to expand more. And how do you think the Louisiana resiliency process could unfold once the staff engineered report is filed this month. Any sense from the commission on how the commission would like to handle it and if this could be kind of rolled together the resiliency, the RFP, the rate case all get tied together?
Roderick West: I totally understand your question, and I am -- my hesitation is only that I don't want to get ahead of the regulatory process. But I think your instincts are aligned. Once we get initial feedback from the staff on the filing, I think it puts us in a position to evaluate the timing around how we might pursue potential settlement discussions. Our objective, obviously, is to remove as much uncertainty as we can. And whenever we have the opportunity to avoid going through the expense of litigating issues where there's an opportunity to find time and ground. Part of our expectation going in is to first make the compliance filings as is expected by the commission. But the moment we do, we're trying to find a path to settlement, that isn't different. And I think your instincts about how we think about between now and the end of the year, assessing the likelihood of aligning around both the resiliency filing in concert with the discussions around the rate case FRP are spot on. That's our ultimate objective. But we have to make the filing and get the feedback. We have to make the filing on the rate case, but to your point, get the feedback from the LPSC staff on the resiliency filing and take it from there. But great point.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Got it. That makes sense. That's helpful. And sticking with Louisiana here, are stakeholder communications -- let us to hear about when those recent outages, there were some system glitches and communication to consumers was maybe not where it could be. Just wondering efforts on this side to, I guess, improve customer response and kind of address some of those local stakeholder concerns there?
Drew Marsh: Yes, Jeremy, this is Drew. We have folks all over that issue. We got over 100 people squared away in a large conference room in Texas working on this. But we feel like we have a good plan going forward from where we are. Certainly, the -- some of the performance of some of our systems after some upgrades that were intended to improve things last -- earlier or late in the spring didn't work out as intended. And so we worked through all that. We have a good plan going forward, and we expect to be back on track for any future storms.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then just a last one, if I could. I was wondering if you might be able to unpack a little bit more FFO to debt and kind of the trajectory over the balance of the year and hitting the goals that you want to hit there. Just any incremental color would be appreciated.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure, Jeremy. Really two key factors there. One is closing the Louisiana securitization, which we did in the first quarter. And as we go through the year, you'll see the debt associated with previously carrying that roll off. And the second is around the recovery of the higher deferred fuel balances that occurred last year with the higher gas prices and higher volumes we saw. You can see that the deferred fuel balances are down back to what I would consider more normal levels. And so, as those debt levels roll off, those two items will significantly help us and then just managing through our normal operations as we go through the end of the year puts us on target to be at or above that 14%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro.
David Arcaro: I think, Drew, you alluded to some initiatives that you're pursuing on the renewable development side of things to make the organization more competitive in some of these RFPs and to give yourself a better fighting chance to do some more self-build. I was just wondering if you could elaborate on what types of initiatives that you've pursued there to lower costs and build the pipeline, it sounded like?
Drew Marsh: Yes. Thanks, David. That's a good question. We have been working on building the capability in the development space as I mentioned. And we have been actually successful for the projects that we have been able to put forward in competing in our RFPs. So I think we're making good progress in terms of what does it take to be competitive on the solar RFP front. . The challenge we've had is we just haven't had a large pipeline of projects to support. So many of the projects that are even in the 30% that I mentioned earlier are build on transfer projects where a developer is constructing it and then moving it over to us at -- just before the completion of COD. What I'm referring to when I say we're making progress is we are finding some success in building up our portfolio. So we have somewhere in the neighborhood of about 4 gigawatts of development pipeline that we have put forward at this point. Now, I wouldn't say that's all ready to go and RFP. We're still building out some of those projects. But it's a much larger portfolio, and we are expecting to add maybe another half gigawatt to that by the end of the year. And then beyond that point, we'd expect it to continue to grow, and that should be very strong given where we have been competitively, that should be very strong in the RFPs going forward. So that's what we've been seeing, and that's what we're focused on.
Roderick West: And the only thing that I'll add to Drew's comments is that part of the sort of declogging if you will, that pipeline, we've been securing additional sites for renewables development, including our generation sites as well as the transmission interconnects that are all part of the development process, and that's adding to our improved competitiveness to Drew's point.
David Arcaro: Got it. That's helpful color. And then let's see -- curious similar topic, but in Texas, one of your peer utilities in the state has had challenges just getting a few renewables projects over the finish line there. I was just wondering how that's affecting your strategy in the State of Texas? How that might maybe impacting the outstanding RFPs that you've got?
Roderick West: Yes. And the short answer is that it's not impacting -- one, it's not a surprise to us because our point of view is consistent with -- and has been consistent with the PUCT. We understand the significance of reliability first. We do believe because of the interest of our customers that the renewable resources should be an important part of our supply portfolio. But we recognize that the commission's position has been rather consistent in Texas. It's notable that our position outside of ERCOT in our service territory and the success we've had in our CCNs has given -- in our view, given us a better vantage point to discuss the attributes of renewables with the commission perhaps in a different light because we're not having the same reliability issues in our service territory as they've expressed concerns about inside of -- inside of ERCOT. We are paying close attention, though, to -- particularly in Texas that if the commission were to have a change in policy around renewables, we see a tremendous opportunity in both hydrogen and CCS for other capital investment opportunities. But we think our position is strong. Our customers, particularly given all the growth we have in Texas are requesting the attributes of renewables and/or clean energy, and we're well positioned regardless of what direction the commission might take from a policy perspective in Texas to help them meet those needs.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo.
Paul Zimbardo: Drew, I think you mentioned that although some projects might be shifting around the timing a little bit. You're net seeing stronger industrial growth in that 2025 period, '25 plus. Just could you give a little more color on that and kind of what that means for the plan? And if this is something you could roll into the plan within the EEI refresh?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So it would be expected to be part of the EEI refresh, and we can give you some more details for sure. Then I would characterize the movement from '24 to '25 is the normal roll around of these large industrial projects that are billions of dollars and they're hard to get done. And so that's nothing that we haven't seen before. And so that is -- well, I wouldn't say that was expected, I would say we're not surprised. And that is -- so that part is not really new news. As we look forward beyond 2024, we are continuing to see a very robust industrial sales pipeline, lots of interest from a lot of different parties. We've -- particularly around the clean energy. I mentioned a particular CCUS project from ExxonMobil in my remarks, but there are other projects like that out there. There are projects like that related to hydrogen. So we are I think, well positioned to take advantage of all of that and we'll give you more details whenever we get to EEI.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Understood. And then just pivoting to Texas following up on a couple of questions that were asked. Is there a good way to think about kind of what the earnings improvement opportunity is after the legislation, whether it's earned hourly basis points, additional capital spending opportunities. Just if there's some way to think about that, that would be helpful.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure, Paul. Are you referencing out of the Texas legislation, specifically. Was that your question?
Paul Zimbardo: Correct. Yes, the legislation.
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, there were a couple of -- a number of favorable things out of the legislation. Obviously, the resilience filing gives us a path to file our resilience plan and seek recovery of that in a way that helps provide our system higher resilience standard and support our customers. The DCRF changed from an annual filing to a biannual filing, that certainly gives us an opportunity to improve the -- or decrease the lag associated within investments. But from an overall perspective, we're still -- we haven't changed our outlook with regards to that, but certainly, a better way to recover investments. And then the third item is around compensation. And that one really for us on executive compensation is around recovery in a rate case. It's not really effective to us, but it certainly is helpful from a precedential perspective.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Is there a way to kind of quantify like ROE improvement or something from all of that?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes. I think it's too early to do that at this point. But certainly, they are positive tailwinds from our perspective that help us when we think about our overall outlook, but nothing changes in that regard.
Operator: All right. And that looks like right now, that is all of our questions. If there are no more questions, I will go ahead and turn it back over to Mr. Abler.
Bill Abler: Thanks, Jeremy, and thanks, everyone, for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Entergy's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations for Entergy Corporation.
William Abler: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Drew Marsh; and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than 2 questions.  In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. We had a very productive start to the year with meaningful progress on activities that support our near- and long-term objectives. Today, we are reporting first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.14. Mild weather affected these results, but we are prepared for this variability. As we have shown over the last several years, our FLEX program helped us achieve that very predictable results. We are on track for 2023 results in line with our guidance, and we remain well positioned to achieve our long-term 6% to 8% growth outlooks. Our focus on creating sustainable value for our 4 key stakeholders, customers, employees, communities and owners is the foundation of our strategy. It's at the center of everything we do. Recently, JUST Capital and CNBC named Entergy to the JUST 100 list, which highlights companies that are doing the right thing for all their stakeholders. We are honored because our inclusion on this list is an acknowledgment that we are living up to our commitments. Serving all our stakeholders starts with understanding what our customers need from us. To meet those needs, we are investing to improve reliability and resilience and significantly expand our clean energy footprint. This will not only help our current customers become more successful, but will also attract new customers. So far this year, we have installed or replaced over 400 transmission structures with new resilient designs, including critical river crossing lines. We also completed transmission interconnections for 2 new Entergy-owned renewable resources. One example of a transmission project that will improve resilience and reliability is a recently completed projects in Southwest Louisiana, where we upgraded transmission lines rated to withstand 150-mile per hour winds, replaced older poles with resilient steel structures, installed new higher-capacity power lines and added automated switching capability to improve reliability. In Southeast Louisiana and in Texas, we are building new substations and distribution power lines that will support residential and business growth in those areas and reduce stress on existing substations. In addition, we installed and replaced more than 5,000 wood distribution poles with newer, more resilient designs. Collectively, our team continues to focus on operational excellence to deliver stakeholder outcomes across all facets of our business. We also continue to be a critical local partner, supporting strong economic development, working to bring new businesses, new jobs and new tax base to the communities we serve. As you know, we expect significant industrial sales growth over the next several years. While the broader market is contemplating recession concerns, our region's growth story remains intact. Key strategic value drivers continue to be supportive. The LNG, ammonia and refining sectors are generally short on supply, and the deficit will likely not be meaningfully affected by a recession. Other sectors, such as ethylene, PVC, methanol and steel, may see some market pullback, but the Gulf Coast has the lowest cost producers. So plants in our service area should be the last to be curtailed. Meanwhile, the passage of the IRA is accelerating development in the clean energy transition space. We are seeing very strong interest in our service area, which has the potential to increase and extend our 6% long-term industrial sales growth rate as incentive rules are finalized and turned into financed projects. One example of a potential project fueled by the IRA is the St. Charles Clean Fuels project, which is exploring whether to build a $4.6 billion blue ammonia production plant in St. Rose, Louisiana. The new facility would produce up to 8,000 metric tons per day of blue ammonia and would rely on carbon capture technology to sequester more than 90% of its carbon dioxide emissions.  Our underlying 6% industrial growth rate does not rely on these IRA tailwinds. And we continue to see a lot of activity in the traditional industrial segments we serve. There are some noteworthy developments in recent months, including Golden Triangle Polymers, which held its groundbreaking for a state-of-the-art polyethylene plant in Orange County, Texas. In addition, Sempra announced that the company reached its financial investment decision, and issued the final notice to proceed on Phase 1 of its Port Arthur LNG project. A big part of meeting our customer sustainability needs is growing our clean energy footprint, and we continue to make progress on that objective. On Monday, we held our official groundbreaking for the Orange County Advanced Power Station in Texas, hosting Governor Abbott, 4 of 5 PUCT Commissioners and other state and local officials. That facility will ensure that we have modern and reliable infrastructure to support existing customers and the rapidly growing customer base in our Southeast Texas region.  We will utilize turbine technology and a plant layout that can support dual fuel capability with hydrogen in the future. The optionality helps ensure the plant's long-term viability and creates improved energy security and operational flexibility for our customers. We also continue to make progress on our objective to expand our renewables capacity to meet customer needs. Since our last call, Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Louisiana concluded evaluations of their 2022 renewable RFPs. Participation was robust, and we are in negotiations for approximately 2,300 megawatts. Turning to affordability. It remains a core tenet in our pursuit of greater sustainability and reliability for customers. To help manage bill effects of customer-centric investments, we continue to aggressively pursue customer sales growth, disciplined cost management and federal support to offset costs. Natural gas prices have come down significantly. And coupled with a mild winter, that's further good news for customer bills. Our latest estimates for residential bill trajectories, including updated gas have improved. For the system, we are now seeing a 3-year annual growth rate of less than 1% from 2022 through 2025. That's roughly half the level we were expecting a few months ago. In the quarter, we made regulatory -- meaningful regulatory progress against our objectives. Entergy Texas has reached settlement on all material issues with parties in its base rate case, and we expect to file the settlement with the PUCT in the next few weeks. Entergy Mississippi filed its annual formula rate plan in March. Mississippi's efficient mechanism supports continued customer-centric investments and supports our financial outlook. Interim rates became effective on April 1.  Entergy Louisiana's formula rate plan will expire after this year's filing. We are evaluating options to renew the current FRP, and we're also preparing for a potential rate case filing, which would be submitted this summer. As we've laid out, Entergy Louisiana is investing significant capital to support our customers' growth and their demands for greater resilience and clean energy. This growth is critical for Louisiana and its local communities.  We need to ensure that our rate constructs provide the opportunity for fair and timely recovery, which will allow us to effectively source the capital while maintaining utility credits. Either an FRP renewal or rate case path should allow enough time for rates to be effective in September 2024, which would keep us on our normal cadence. If we file a rate case, we will request a new FRP starting with the 2025 filing year. Entergy Louisiana also filed a request to streamline the procurement and approval processes for up to 3 gigawatts of solar resources. This is in addition to the nearly 2.5 gigawatts from previous or ongoing RFPs. If the new processes are approved, we can bring additional renewables to construction faster and at a lower cost and risk, materially improving our ability to meet our customers' accelerating demands for clean energy.  For our accelerated resilience and grid hardening filings, Entergy Louisiana received a procedural schedule in its docket. Next up is the commission's engineering report and testimony to be filed in August. Hearings are scheduled in January of next year. However, there is the potential to receive a decision this year through a settlement with parties, and that remains a possibility with broad stakeholder alignment on the need for more resilient investments. In a separate but important docket, the LPSC Staff outlined a process and an evaluation procedure for utilities in Louisiana to follow, which creates a solid road map for Entergy Louisiana's resilience investment.  Entergy New Orleans filed its updated resilience plan with the City Council. The $1 billion 10-year plan reflects significant stakeholder input. Like Louisiana, New Orleans is requesting approval for the first 5 years of the program, and we are targeting a decision from the council by year-end.  In Texas, the Electric Infrastructure Resiliency Act has been proposed in both the State House and Senate. The bill, if passed, would require the commission to act within 180 days of utilities filing a resiliency plan. Certain prudently incurred costs would be recovered through a variety of mechanisms. We will continue to work with our regulators across all aspects of our business to create value for our customers and other key stakeholders. And you can find additional details on our regulatory proceedings in the appendix of our webcast presentation. In March, our service area experienced tornadoes in Arkansas and Mississippi. The damage to our system included distribution poles, wires spans, transformers and one substation. We replaced damaged equipment with newer, more resilient assets rated to our latest standards. The restoration is completed quickly and safely with 0 injuries. And for that, I am extremely grateful to our teams. In addition to restoration, we responded quickly to provide community support. Entergy shareholders committed $150,000 to the American Red Cross to provide shelter, food, water, mental health counseling and other services to the households impacted by the tornadoes. In addition, more than 150 Entergy employees came into the affected region and volunteered their time by assisting with cleanup, providing meals, organizing supply drives and staffing information booth to once again prove our employees unfaltering commitment to our customers and communities when they need it most. Before concluding, I would like to note that Entergy Mississippi is celebrating its 100th anniversary. That's a century of serving its customers and communities. To commemorate this milestone, Entergy Mississippi donated with $100,000 to Extra Table, a Mississippi-based food bank, to combat food and security in Mississippi. That's $1,000 for every year of operations. In addition, Entergy volunteers packed 2,500 meal kits. This is the first event of a multiphase program that will ultimately provide 100,000 meals. Giving back to communities through philanthropy, volunteerism and advocacy is integral to Entergy's living its vision statement of We Power Life. We've had a productive start to 2023. We are focused on successfully delivering value for our key stakeholders, and we will continue to successfully achieve the milestones that keep us on track to deliver steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth. To do this, we are working to improve operational and regulatory outcomes, support our customers' industrial growth and economic development in our region, invest in renewables, clean energy and resilient acceleration to support our customers' demand and execute with financial discipline to strengthen our balance sheet and become more competitive. I'll now turn the call over to Kimberly, who will review our financial results for the quarter.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. Our first quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.14. Results included a very mild weather, which reduced earnings by an estimated $0.22. We incorporate conservative assumptions into our planning process and have a portfolio of FLEX levers to mitigate the impacts. The fundamentals of our utility growth remains strong. And despite the first quarter weather, we remain squarely on track to achieve our financial objectives for 2023.  Before I review quarterly results, I'd like to highlight a couple of items. First, this quarter's results included the effects of storm securitization at Entergy Louisiana, including $76 million of benefits for customers. These items were considered adjustments and are excluded from adjusted earnings. Additional details are provided in our earnings release. Second, beginning in 2023, as a result of the successful exit from the merchant nuclear business, EWC is no longer a reporting segment and any remaining financial activity from that business is now included in Parent & Other.  You'll see the first quarter variances laid out on Slide 4. The quarter results reflected the effects of investments that are benefiting our customers. This includes regulatory actions as well as depreciation expense, other taxes and interest expense. Excluding weather, retail sales were higher, driven by industrial sales growth of 2%. That growth came largely from new and expansion customers, particularly in the primary metals and petrochemicals industries. This was partially offset by lower sales to Cogent customers as Cogent sales were particularly strong in 2022. Slides 5 and 6 show key metrics for our largest industrial segments. As Drew mentioned, these metrics remain very supportive and are consistent with the growth that we are seeing. They also give us confidence in our industrial sales growth outlook. Moving to Slide 7. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $960 million, $422 million higher than last year. Higher utility customer receipts, lower noncapital storm spending and lower pension contributions were the largest drivers. The effects of the EWC wind down provided a partial offset. Credit and liquidity are summarized on Slide 8. During the quarter, Entergy Louisiana received $1.5 billion from storm securitization. This completes our securitization. Entergy Louisiana plans to reduce long-term debt as issuances mature. We have made significant progress on collecting deferred fuel balances, which came down more than $400 million in the quarter. This continues to improve our credit metrics. Our net liquidity remained strong at $5.7 billion, including $406 million of storm escrows. Looking at Slide 9, our equity needs are unchanged. Only $130 million remains through 2024, and we plan to use the ATM program to meet this need.  As shown on Slide 10, we are affirming our guidance and longer-term adjusted EPS outlook. Weather has been a headwind to start the year, but we've also had a few tailwinds to our plan. Our first quarter sales mix resulted in slightly higher margins, and we see some favorability in several items that, in aggregate, are providing meaningful relief. After taking all of this into consideration, we are flexing O&M by $0.10, which keeps us comfortably in our guidance range. The bottom line is that we have a solid plan with good visibility, and we will continue to execute on the deliverables to achieve steady, predictable growth.  And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just real quick on financing. You guys obviously have a CapEx plan through '25, but financing is still based on a '24 plan. When do you sort of anticipate rolling that forward? And what can we anticipate in terms of capital allocation, especially in light of the current capital market conditions? Is asset optimization still an option you guys are kind of looking at?
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Shahriar, for that question. As it relates to our capital plan, as you know, we have $16 billion through '23 through '25, and we've provided the financing for that, which includes a little bit that's left in '24. We have talked about -- the last time we talked about '25 was at Analyst Day, where we gave a number for '25 and '26. And I would expect as we turn the corner on '24, we would be looking at that financing more specifically. As it relates to your asset optimization question, certainly, we don't have anything to know here. But as you know, we would pursue that if it met our 3 basic grading criteria around. Is it executable? Does it distract? And does it create value? But certainly, to the extent that something met that criteria, we would look at it.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just on some of your recent solar RFPs and kind of announcement. How is that, I guess, kind of tracking versus your plan for up to 13 gigs and what portion of the new solar is being sort of deployed to support retirement versus new load? And just that initial ownership share versus PPA has always been kind of skewed to contracts? Do you anticipate that's going to change over time?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Shahriar, this is Drew. And it has been skewed and that's not where we want to be, frankly. So we are working hard to improve our self-build capabilities and leverage our economies of scale, find more financial discipline in the packages that we're putting together in those RFP processes so that we can improve. And we do believe that, that will happen.  But you're right, we haven't been hitting the mark, and that's important because it is creating some -- it's taking up some of the room in our balance sheet and limiting our operational and strategic flexibility in the long term. So we want to make sure that we get up to that number, and we're still working towards it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: I had two questions, both on sort of the resiliency filings. Maybe first part of that question, can you just give us any initial stakeholder feedback that you may have gotten in Louisiana and New Orleans, the 2 filings that you've made? And second, Drew, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned about this separate docket in Louisiana. Maybe a little bit more color there. Do you have to kind of use that docket for securing the approval in Louisiana? Or just maybe any other color there?
Roderick West: It's Rod. Thanks for the question. Louisiana, in terms of stakeholder feedback, I think part of the answer is in the question that you asked. The fact that the staff submitted proposed rule-making around resiliency filings for all utilities in Louisiana, we view as reflective of a constructive stakeholder engagement strategy for the company over the course of the last 6 to 9 months in Louisiana. Because the proposed rule-making actually puts us in a position to be very much aligned given the strategy that we laid out for the commission, both in Louisiana and in New Orleans. And so the feedback has been constructive. So our expectation is, as you think about the procedural schedule that Louisiana laid out, they're backcasting from a January 2024 hearing date. Their procedural schedule backs up from that date to give us an opportunity to perhaps settle with stakeholders to accelerate agreement around the Louisiana decision-making on resiliency. So we view that as a net positive. New Orleans tracks Louisiana in that, we have clarity from the City Council on our initial proposal, which was $1.5 billion through that stakeholder engagement process. We narrowed down the grouping of projects to about $1 billion of the $1.5 billion. And that $500 million that didn't make the cut wasn't about a lack of agreement on the need for the projects, they just tracked on a different path outside of the accelerated resilience. So in both Louisiana and New Orleans, we view the stakeholder engagement feedback being positive and constructive, and the existence of procedural schedules in both the LPSC and the New Orleans City Council is consistent with our financial plan.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. I want to add to what Rod was saying, just to make sure you caught it at the beginning of his comment, he actually answered the second of your question at the beginning on the second docket. And that second docket does actually create an ability for us to do the math on how the benefits and the costs should work. And specifically, it allows the economics of customer outages to be part of the conversation. And so there's a few mechanisms that they create for that. But that's an important piece of that framework that the staff established.
Roderick West: I'll also -- thanks, Drew. I'll also add that in New Orleans as we think about the $1.5 billion that we initially filed and the $1 billion sort of compliance filing after the feedback process, it's roughly 2/3 of the proposed CapEx and 80% of the customer benefits, just going with the $1 billion versus the $1.5 billion in the accelerated docket process. So again, we view the feedback as constructive in both Louisiana and the City of New Orleans today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps, just pivoting to theory here and the pending complaints. Is it completely dependent on FERC? Or are you able to facilitate progress at FERC in any specific way? I just want to come back to that back and forth in just the procedural elements a little bit more specifically here, if you will. And then, if I can, as a follow-up, are you still having settlement conversations with perhaps any of the parties considering maybe some of the ambiguities here?
Roderick West: I think the short answer to both of the frames of your question is, settlement discussions will be aided by clarity from the FERC that we are awaiting with regard to the sale leaseback and the uncertain tax position ruling, as you recall from the December ruling and the procedural order out in this past February. So yes, there are ongoing conversations and settlement on all of the ancillary cases, but clarity around where the FERC sits on those 2 issues will go along the way towards setting the path for our -- our path forward on settlement. There's no -- yes, go ahead. I'm sorry.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, I'm sorry. And it seems like it's dependent on them, right? There's no ability to facilitate progress at FERC or otherwise enable it in a separate parallel docket as you alluded to a second ago on [indiscernible]?
Roderick West: I think that's a fair assessment, just given the positions that certain of the stakeholders have taken around their reaction to the December order. Clarity from the FERC will clear the lanes for ongoing discussions. There's also a timing element where we expect the FERC to act sooner rather than later in order to maintain jurisdiction vis--vis the Fifth Circuit and others. So we're expecting -- we don't have a date, but we are expecting FERC to act sooner to get ahead of what might be the appeals process if left unresolved.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then if you can -- on '23, just super quickly on the guidance. I know, Kim, I think you said in a second ago about the $0.22 and the $0.10 here of O&M. How much further flex is there in the plan to the extent to which obviously other items materialize, and/or if you can elaborate a little bit more on just the components there in?
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Julien. It's early in the year. So we certainly have good line of sight on our ability to manage that through the rest of the year. There is some additional puts and takes that we would manage through depending on what happens. Obviously, if the weather is mild during the summer, we'd have to work through that. If it comes in more normal or hotter, then there may be opportunities to flex up.  For some specifics, certainly, we talked about last year that in 2022, the higher O&M was tied to higher volumes and we flex stuff, which helps us to derisk '23, and we're able to take advantage of some of that here. And then we've seen some favorability, as you probably saw in the materials around volumes in residential and commercials, and that may give us continued opportunity throughout the year if that continues to persist. The other area I would point out is interest expense, and we've been able to manage through some potential upside there as it relates to timing of debt issuances, for example.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: A little bit of a follow-up on the last question. I was curious for the utility O&M targets for the year, you notched that up to $0.70 in terms of the savings. But I was curious, it was only about $0.03 kind of a help in the first quarter. Are there any underlying challenges that you've hit or inflationary pressures or anything like that, that make it more difficult to achieve the O&M savings for the year? Or is it more just kind of a timing issue versus -- on a year-over-year comparison?
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, David. You're right. For the first quarter, we were down about $0.03, but our O&M doesn't occur ratably over the year. It's really tied, as I said, particularly last year, we ramped up with the higher volumes in second and third quarter. So I would expect to see assuming normal weather, a much more spread versus last year in O&M in that second, third and fourth quarter.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got you. That's helpful. And then I was just wondering, are there any legislative bills in Texas that might be meaningful for your business as we get closer to the end of the session in the state for next month?
Roderick West: Yes. There are a number of items in consideration. The one that we're certainly paying attention to has to do with resiliency filings from not just Entergy, but other utilities. There's 5 weeks left. So there -- the good thing is that it's been progressing nicely. The significant attribute that we're looking for in coming out of those resiliency filings would be the types of precedents that were set in Texas, where when we were making AMI filings in Texas, we were able to take assets that still had useful life out of service and replace them with the newer, more modern and in this case, more resilient assets and still be able to account for those undepreciated assets.  So we're tracking the progress of those various pieces of legislation to ensure that we have the appropriate flexibility with the commission to facilitate our resiliency and reliability investments in Texas. So it's moving along. Stakeholder engagement has been strong and quite active, but 5 weeks or so left in the session. So we'll continue to go at it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Fowler with UBS.
Ross Fowler: Just one from me around -- or two from me. But the first one is on Slide 38, so following up a Julien's question. So if I kind of just look through what you're showing here, I see sort of $0.10 of the O&M and then sort of corporate being down $0.05 kind of offsets the $0.05 a better sales mix. So versus the $0.22 of weather, $0.10 of sort of offsets. And Kim, to sort of get into your answer, I think what you were saying there is there's more offsets to come to offset the balance of that $0.12 or maybe some of that's in that slightly favorable impact around other income and lower interest expense to sort of get back to the midpoint? Or absent for the mitigation, are you kind of pointing to the low end of the range for '23?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, Ross, I think you're right in that there are small opinions in a number of categories beyond what you went through there. So you're right, a $0.10 in O&M. You've got the $0.5 and other and the weather volume there is about $0.05. And we saw that mix in the first quarter. And then you will see probably not specifically in the side, but just on a -- throughout the balance of the income statement, pennies here and there that balance the rest out.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. And this -- Ross, it's Drew. So while we would certainly concede that $0.22 brings us lower than the midpoint, it's early in the year, and we wouldn't say that that's where we are at this point. We're just targeting the midpoint, and we expect to do better than that by the end of the year.
Ross Fowler: Got it. That's very clear. And then just maybe contextualize for me, you're showing 2% industrial growth in the quarter year-over-year. And Drew, you kind of went through this in some of the prepared remarks, but maybe give us a little bit more contextualization of your sort of 6% long-term aspiration versus what you're currently seeing?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, I'll take that. So we've seen -- we talk about the drivers, and we have a couple of slides in there about the drivers. And as we've said for a number of years now, there's a lot of advantages to the Gulf Coast, and that's access to global and national markets and the available energy infrastructure, low energy prices, supportive communities, available workforce. All of that has been driving investment domestically towards the Gulf Coast and frankly, our service territory all the way up the Mississippi River. Now you've got the broken global supply chains, geopolitical uncertainty. You've got the tailwinds for the IRA. Before you even get to the IRA, we've seen a lot of onshoring and that's basically what our 6% is based on. And we see a lot of investment. We have -- the 6% is a probability-weighted assessment of where we think it will come out. That takes into consideration. Some projects don't always make it to the finish line. Some projects are a little delayed, all that kind of stuff. If all of it landed, it could be significantly larger than 6%, but that's not our planning assumption at this point. [Indiscernible] the tailwinds of the IRA and it could get bigger. The rules are still a bit uncertain associated with that, particularly around hydrogen, green hydrogen in particular. But we are seeing an awful lot of interest in the Gulf Coast area to try and take advantage of, frankly, the existing infrastructure that's already there. The hydrogen infrastructure, for example, we have production, we have consumption, we have transportation, we have storage and everything that you need to move hydrogen. And we have a lot of people that are coming to the Gulf Coast to try and take advantage of that existing infrastructure. I mean it is effectively a hydrogen hub already.  And similarly, we also have CO2 pipelines and CO2 consumption, CO2 production. And so carbon capture is going to be the game. There is existing infrastructure for that as well. And so folks are looking at all of that stuff and thinking about how to expand on that opportunity in the long term. And so we see a lot of exciting investment opportunities, in fact, when we were in Texas on Monday for the groundbreaking for Orange County. There was a lot of discussion about hydrogen, about carbon capture with state officials in Texas. They are excited about it. They're excited about the growth opportunities that they are seeing all of it as well, and they are very supportive of us having dispatchable generation to make sure that we can support that potential investment that we believe is on its way. So that's frankly what we're looking at. It's very exciting and a lot of opportunity ahead of us.
Ross Fowler: That's great. And of course, we'll be watching the potential for EPA plant rules around carbon capture. But for now, I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Just wanted to follow up on the question related to Siri, where, I think, Rod, you mentioned a timing element that FERC needs that before they lose jurisdiction. Could you give us a sense of what that time line is or limit?
Roderick West: Yes, I don't have the actual procedural schedule in front of me, Steve, but it's my appreciation that the Fifth Circuit process that includes or -- actually all of our utility jurisdictions. There's an appeals process at the Fifth Circuit that would impact FERC's ability to provide clarity around that December 23 decision. And so it's our appreciation from the lawyers that the FERC has an interest in resolving any lack of clarity in avoiding having to create a conflict jurisdictionally between the Fifth Circuits answer to the appeal from the parties and their ability to drive their respective order. And so that's what you hear in the hedge of sooner rather than later because we don't know exactly what that time frame is, but we recognize that, objectively, it is an issue.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then, I guess, a question for Drew, just things have quieted down a lot once the securitization was approved and fuel prices have come down and the like. Could you just give a latest sense of relationships with the Louisiana Commission and do they kind of have appreciation of the volatility that was created around, stuff early in the year? And yes, any color there would be helpful.
Andrew Marsh: Sure, Steve. I'll start, but then I'll kick it to Rod, who has the subject matter expertise in that particular area. But it is -- you're right, it is a little bit more constructive right now compared to where it was last fall. I know you had to -- thinking back to last fall, it's easy to forget that we had an election going on. They were contested elections. There was a lot of outside money in those elections, which were putting additional energy into the political process, and it was coming on the heels of a hot summer with escalating gas prices. And that was all just coming to a point as our securitization was showing up there. We believe that we still continue to have strong relationships in Louisiana and at all levels of the government and including the commission. And so we endeavor to work closely with them on an ongoing basis. But that's still -- we're not taking that for granted. That is something that we are very much focused on. We know that our commissioners are very focused on customer outcomes. And so we are as well. And so I'll turn it over to Rod to talk a little bit more.
Roderick West: Yes. And I think, Steve, your preface was on point. The fact that gas prices have come down and we have aided in providing relief to customers, and there's been some time since the election that's given us an opportunity to reengage with commissioners around our customer-centric strategy, I think it's proven very helpful. I will note that our most recent engagement with the commission was around vote on the gas business rate case. That was a big deal. The prudency of our Lake Charles -- our Lake Charles Power Station, along with the gas rate case was all 5 0 . And it is not insignificant that the proposed rulemaking from this path with regard to resiliency. That too was the result of the intentional work in part that we have -- we've done in engaging with the commission and our other stakeholders, especially the customers. So look, in response to the noise coming out of the elections and the end of the year, we've certainly ramped up our engagement processes to make sure that our commission and staff from related stakeholders are informed. But also, I want to be explicit in saying that the -- the fact that we have a new commissioner in Louisiana for us represents a new commission. Anytime there's a new addition to the commission, it's an opportunity for us to reassess, reset and reengage.  And we've been quite deliberate about doing that for the purpose of keeping alignment with the commission because we have a -- and you know this, we have a really aggressive regulatory agenda given all of the merit of customer-centric opportunities and investments we have in Louisiana and the growth in Louisiana is going to put a lot of pressure on the commission. And our engagement process is geared to help make their lives easier as we try to solve our customers' problems. But we get it, and it will be ongoing. It is not a thing where we check the box and say, oh, we have finished the work. The stakeholder engagement process is 24/7/365, Steve.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Mr. Abler, I will turn the call back over to you.
William Abler: Thank you, Regina, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 10, and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Entergy Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Abler: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Drew Marsh; and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting strong results for another successful year. Our 2022 adjusted earnings per share was $6.42 in the top half of our guidance range. This is the seventh year in a row that our results have come in above our guidance midpoint. Our steady predictable financial results are underpinned by our strategy to create value for our four key stakeholders, our customers, employees, communities and owners. Our strategy starts with learning from our customers what they need from us to be successful, and then we build an investment plan to meet those demands. As a result, we are investing in our power delivery system to improve reliability and resilience and significantly expanding our clean generation to support our rapidly growing industrial load and the decarbonization goals of our customers. This customer-centric approach has delivered benefits for all our key stakeholders. We are confident this approach will continue to create meaningful value well into the future. In 2022, Entergys 12,000 employees worked every single day to deliver operational excellence, achieve positive regulatory outcomes, build the foundation for our long-term growth strategy and drive improved affordability for our customers. Operational excellence begins with safety. In 2022, we made important strides recording the fewest injuries in our company's history, and a total recordable injury rate that ranked in the first quartile among EEI utilities. To achieve this result, we reduced total accidents, including employees and contractors by 30% and serious injuries by more than 50%. This is an improvement that we're proud of, our work isn't done because we believe zero harm is possible. We will continue our relentless focus on keeping our employees and contractors safe all day, every day. Entergy's operational excellence is consistently on display when we respond to extraordinary circumstances. We saw this recently with winter storms Elliott and Mara. Elliott presented unique challenges due to the extremely cold temperatures. In fact, we experienced some of the highest winter loads that we have seen, including new winter peaks for Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas. Teams from across our organization collaborated to ensure that the system capacity and operating resources were maximized. Power availability was critical, and our generation facilities performed extremely well, buoyed by contingency planning and improvements from weatherization investments made after winter storm Yuri. Not only were we able to meet the high demand of our customers, but we also exported power to nearby systems to help other utilities meet their demand. Our teams performed extremely well during both events and for that, I am very thankful. I'm especially proud that we had no injuries, ensuring that all our employees return home safely. River Bend Station, our nuclear plant near Baton Rouge began its refueling outage after 675 days of being continuously online. That's the longest run in station history. River Bend is an important -- is important to the area it serves providing safe, clean energy that our customers can count on and tremendous support for our communities. During this outage, we will be making multiple equipment improvements to ensure long-term reliability of the unit, including replacement of condenser tubes and feed water heaters. We also made important progress on our regulatory objectives. Starting with Texas, we received approval from the PUCT to build the Orange County Advanced Power Station or OCAPS. This new highly efficient CCGT will provide near-term benefits, including lower fuel costs, lower emissions and expanding regional capacity to support growth in our Texas service area. The plant will be upgradable to enable future reconfiguration for hydrogen capability, which will increase fuel diversity and provide long-duration storage in a carbon constrained environment. For Entergy Texas rate case, parties have progressed in construct the settlement discussions and reached a tentative agreement on key terms. The hearing was put on hold to allow time to finalize the agreement. We'll provide an update on the details when available. In Louisiana, we received approval to recover the balance of Hurricane IDA cost using securitization. We work collaboratively with our regulators to find a solution that met the needs of all stakeholders. The order determined that all of the costs incurred were reasonable and prudent and Entergy Louisiana will fully recover those costs, which is vital for the credit of the company. While the commission approved our storm recovery, we want to assure you that we heard your feedback about the discussion at the meeting and the uncertainty in the process. To that end, we are continuously evaluating our stakeholder outreach practices. Our ongoing goal is a best-in-class stakeholder engagement approach that achieves alignment around important customer outcomes. We believe there is agreement with our regulators around our long-term goals to deliver what our customers need to be successful. Our customers are central to all that we do, and we know we can continue to work with our regulators to improve our processes for the future. Turning to the federal level. In December, we received an order on System Energy's uncertain tax position and sale-leaseback complaint. For the uncertain tax issue, we believe that the FERC's remedy is clear. And as a result, no additional refunds are required. The remedy is important because the rulings of the IRS are now known and the credit ADIT on a hypothetical basis under facts now known to be incorrect, would be wrong. FERC's Remedy also recognizes that customers benefited from our actions by more than $100 million in value, including a $25 million refund made by SERI in 2021 consistent with the amount of ADIT allowed by the IRS, and a separate $18 million refund for excess ADIT also paid in 2021. Meanwhile, SERI took on the risk of interest and penalties with the IRS to provide that value. Absent our actions, customers would have received nothing. And throughout the period at issue, customers paid not $0.01 more in rates than they would have paid has SERI not taken the uncertain tax positions. On the sale leaseback. Sorry. SERI is active on my iPad as well. On the sale-leaseback item, we are disappointed in FERC's conclusion and we have thought rehearing of that decision. The lease renewal was a cost-efficient way to ensure customers would continue to receive access to reliable baseload clean energy from a diverse fuel source. And overall, the sale leaseback saved them over $800 million. On January 10, SERI issued $104 million in refunds required by the order. We have made our compliance refund reports detailing that calculation. FERC will need to review our compliance filing and issue a further order. There is no statutory deadline for the order, but we hope to get FERC's decision soon. As a reminder, SERI refunded Entergy Mississippi $235 million in November as part of its global settlement with the Mississippi Public Service Commission, which represents Entergy Mississippi's 40% interest in 13 different dockets at the FERC. We still believe that a global settlement with the remaining retail regulators on terms similar to the agreement with the MPSC would be in the best interest of all parties. It would resolve disruptive litigation uncertainty for SERI and our stakeholders, including our regulators, accelerate meaningful value to customers, avoid costly and unnecessary third-party litigation fees and allow all parties to move forward with fewer distractions as we work together to pursue the important priorities and outcomes that our customers demand. Moving on to our growth story. Our strategy is centered on two key aspects of our business that are critical to helping our customers meet their goals. First, expanding our clean energy footprint to support industrial sales growth and a growing customer electrification focus; and second, accelerating the resilience and hardening of our system to improve outcomes for existing customers, while giving new customers the confidence to invest in our communities. Our three year $16 billion capital plan supports this strategy, while improving reliability and our customers' experience. This capital plan also provides clear line of sight to our 6% to 8% adjusted EPS growth outlook as well as our credit goals. We are aggressively investing in cleaner energy to benefit customers and communities. Of the $16 billion, close to $6 billion represents generation investments moving us toward a cleaner future. This includes investments in renewables, OCAPS and nuclear. Today, we have just over 800 megawatts of renewables in service, but we're still in the early stages of our renewables build out. Over the next three years, we plan to increase our renewable portfolio by approximately 4,500 megawatts, more than 4 times our renewable capacity today, and that trend will accelerate beyond 2025 with plans for up to 14 to 17 gigawatts in service by the end of 2031. With this plan, we expect to achieve our 50% carbon intensity reduction goal in advance of our 2030 target as well as our new goal for 50% carbon free capacity by 2030. Our plan for accelerated resilience and hardening, known as Entergy Future Ready, is also important to reduce storm risk for our customers and other stakeholders. Last year, we laid out our $15 billion 10 year plan is expected to reduce storm outages, reduce future storm restoration costs and provide a foundation for growth for customers who are dependent on electricity more than ever. Our three year capital plan includes about $900 million for this work and more investment could be added to this plan once regulatory approvals are obtained. We filed our initial resilience plans for New Orleans last July and our plan for Louisiana late last year, and we are targeting decisions in those jurisdictions by the end of this year. For Texas, we are supporting legislation that would allow for an accelerated resilience plan. We expect to make our initial regulatory filing in the third quarter of this year after legislative efforts are completed. We are targeting a decision from the Texas Commission sometime next year. Of the $16 billion three year capital plan, $7 billion represents transmission and distribution investments in addition to our accelerated resilience program to deliver improved reliability and customer experience, through projects focused on asset renewals, enhancements and grid stability. These investments are also designed to prepare the grid for renewables expansion and new customer connections. We've already seen that focused distribution investments make a meaningful difference. Where we've implemented reliability projects, we have seen a significant reduction in the number of outages. Beyond driving important outcomes for our customers, our capital plan provides the foundation for our unique economic development and industrial sales growth story. We continue to see very robust expansion plans from existing and potential new customers, and Kimberly will discuss the key drivers. Two recent clean energy announcements of note are an OCI project for a 1.1 million metric ton blue ammonia facility near Beaumont, Texas, and a Linde project to build a blue hydrogen facility which will supply the OCI plant. The list of industrial projects that we are tracking represent an additional seven terawatt hours of growth above our outlook through 2025. For our planning, we probability adjust the outcomes because we anticipate that not all of those will achieve operations or that may show up on a slower time line. With this backdrop, we remain confident in our longer-term 6% industrial sales growth expectations, consistent with what we laid out at Analyst Day. Affordability remains a core tenant in our pursuit of greater sustainability and reliability for customers. Aggressively pursuing commercial and industrial growth is also important for affordability as it spreads customer-centric investments over a larger customer base. Beyond sales growth, we are supporting customer affordability by working to improve efficiencies and reduce costs, which will translate into benefits for customers. We have historically focused our continuous improvement largely on operating costs. But given the growing capital needs to support customer-centric projects, we have expanded our CI efforts to capital investments. To balance our customers' needs, affordability, reliability and sustainability, we must ensure that we invest capital dollars as efficiently as possible. Higher gas prices and hot weather challenged customer affordability this past summer. The good news is that natural gas prices have come down in recent months, and that will improve affordability for our customers, particularly in Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans, where their fuel clauses adjust monthly. We continue to work on behalf of our customers to pursue federal funding as a potential means to reduce costs, particularly for investments that accelerate the path towards a more resilient future. To that end, we are pleased to report all five of our operating companies received encouragement letters to proceed with full applications for the first round of DOE's grid resilience and innovation partnerships program. All of our proposals are to improve resilience in disadvantaged communities. This round of program funding is expected to conclude this summer and winning submissions will receive funding for half of their project costs. If we were successful on all five projects, the awards would total $190 million. Finally, in 2022, shareholder contributions totaled $25 million. This included $10 million in donations for bill assistance programs. We also stepped up our efforts on energy efficiency and weatherization programs to provide long-term bill relief. Our impact for our customers and communities goes well beyond charitable donations. Our employees logged more than 110,000 hours of volunteer service. We helped low-income customers access $125 million in LIHEAP funding. And through our volunteer income tax assistance program, we helped place 12,000 low-income families on a path to economic stability by helping them claim $22 million in earned income tax credits. We are very proud of the work of our employees and our corporate social responsibility team as they provide critical help to strengthen the communities we serve. 2022 was another successful year for Entergy, yet we still have a lot of work to do. We are laser-focused on successfully delivering value for our key stakeholders. That includes executing the capital plan before us and laying the groundwork for the significant long-term opportunities in renewable generation, clean electrification, and resilience acceleration. It also includes improving operational outcomes, building alignment with stakeholders, reducing unnecessary noise and distractions, and executing financially to strengthen our balance sheet and maintain credit. All of this is foundational to achieving our 6% to 8% adjusted EPS growth plan and delivering important benefits to Entergy's key stakeholders, which will ensure the sustainability of our business for decades to come. I'll now turn the call over to Kimberly who will review our financial results for the year and our outlook.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew. Good morning, everyone. As Drew said, today, we are reporting strong 2022 results in the top half of our guidance range. We executed on key deliverables throughout the year and once again increased our dividend by 6%. We are confident that we will continue to deliver on our commitments, and we are initiating 2023 guidance and affirming our longer-term outlook. I will begin by reviewing results for 2022, and then provide an overview of key drivers for our 2023 guidance. Starting on Slide 3, Entergy adjusted EPS for 2022 was $6.42, $0.40 higher than 2021. Turning to Slide 4, our earnings growth was driven by strong retail sales and the significant investments we've made to support our customers. Weather adjusted retail sales growth was more than 3% for the year as sales rebounded from COVID-19 and Hurricane Ida impacts. Industrial sales were strong, nearly 5% higher than 2021, driven by continued growth from new and expansion customers as well as higher than expected demand from cogeneration customers. Overall, weather in 2022 increased our retail sales. This enabled us to flex our spending for the benefit of customers. Higher power delivery expenses included increased spending on reliability, safety and training, and vegetation maintenance, which was partially due to inflation. Higher prices for chemicals used in our generation processes contributed to increases in both nuclear and non-nuclear generation spending. We also increased our call center support spending to improve customer service levels. Higher costs, which result from capital investment specifically depreciation expense, taxes other than income taxes, and interest expense were also reflected in 2022 results. Slides 5 and 6 show that the fundamentals for our industrial customers remained strong and support our growth outlook. Commodity spreads, operating margins, and utilization rates continue to be robust across key industrial segments that we serve. On a related note, natural gas curves have declined. This is good news for customer bills. Since our EEI update, the price curve has dropped approximately $2 for 2023, which will translate into roughly 4% lower bills for customers. In the longer term, lower natural gas prices would also means higher nuclear production tax credits from the IRA, which would drive additional customer value. The results for EWC are summarized on Slide 7 and reflect the wind down of that business, which wrapped up in 2022. With the successful exit of the merchant nuclear business, EWC will no longer be a reportable segment in 2023, and therefore, will no longer be a blanket adjustment. Any remaining activity from that business will be included in parent & other. On Slide 8, operating cash flow for the year was nearly $2.6 billion, $285 million higher than last year. Higher utility revenue was a large driver of the increase. The receipt of Entergy New Orleans storm securitization proceeds in December also contributed. Increased fuel and purchase power payments at the utility and the effects of the EWC nuclear plants' shutdowns were partial offsets. Moving to credit on Slide 9. We expect to achieve credit metrics that are consistent with rating agency expectations by the end of 2023. Since our last update, we've made significant progress in strengthening our balance sheet. Deferred fuel balances have declined nearly $450 million in the last quarter. Given the lower forward gas curves and our efficient fuel recovery mechanisms, we expect these balances to come down significantly in 2023. Entergy New Orleans received proceeds from securitization bonds related to Hurricane Ida storm recovery. This served to establish a storm reserve of $75 million and provided approximately $125 million of storm cost recovery. Entergy New Orleans is awaiting the council's final determination on the prudence of Ida restoration cost. We expect their decision in the fourth quarter of this year. As Drew discussed, the LPSC voted to approve securitization of the Ida storm restoration cost. We successfully worked with our Louisiana regulators to find a solution that reduced the amount financed by $180 million, which represents the value that customers receive from the deferred taxes associated with the storm. We expect to receive Louisiana securitization proceeds in the second quarter and the funds will be used to reduce debt. Drew also mentioned that we received orders from FERC regarding SERI in late December. As a result, SERI paid $104 million in refunds, the majority of which we are appealing. Based on FERC's December order and analysis of the remaining litigation, we determined that its existing reserve was adequate. Turning to remaining equity needs on Slide 10. In November, we settled 7.7 million shares from our equity distribution program with cash proceeds of approximately $850 million. We used the majority of the proceeds to reduce short-term debt. We have completed nearly all of our projected equity issuances through 2024 with just $130 million remaining. On Slide 11, we are initiating our 2023 adjusted EPS guidance and affirming outlooks consistent with our previous disclosures. Our 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range is $6.55 to $6.85 with a midpoint of $6.70. As you know, our goal is to deliver steady predictable growth for our owners. We continue to expect to achieve 6% to 8% annual adjusted EPS growth. The key drivers for 2023 are highlighted on Slide 12. We expect to see growth from continued customer-centric investments including depreciation expense, interest expense, and taxes other than income taxes resulting from these investments. AFUDC is also expected to increase with longer-term projects such as Orange County Advanced Power Station. We expect retail sales volume to be roughly 1% higher on a weather-adjusted basis. This is largely driven by robust industrial sales growth from new and expansion customers mainly in industrial gases, primary metals, and petrochemical industries. The growth for new and expansion projects is expected to be partially offset by lower cogen sales, which were higher than planned in 2020. O&M was elevated in 2022 due to variable operating costs to support higher sales volume and our flex management program. We plan for O&M to return to normal levels in 2023. And we have also taken into account higher costs for materials, contract labor, and chemicals as we have seen prices increase for these items. Our goal is to deliver steady, predictable outcomes and we will utilize our flex tools as needed. We also remain focused on continuous improvement to achieve sustained company-wide efficiency gains. Finally, changes in parent & other, excluding the effects of interest on intercompany preferred investments that are offset in utility are expected to contribute to our year-over-year adjusted EPS growth. The timing of charitable contributions and residual effects from the shutdown of EWC are key drivers. Effects from higher interest rates are expected to be offset by lower debt balances. 2023 results will also reflect higher shares outstanding. The appendix of our webcast presentation contains additional details regarding the specific drivers. It also outlines quarterly considerations and earning sensitivities. In closing, 2022 was another successful year for Entergy and we're proud of what we have accomplished. We continue to deliver steady, predictable adjusted earnings and dividend growth and adjusted EPS once again in the top half of our guidance range. Our plan is to continue this trend supported by robust fundamentals and the strength of our customer base. By prioritizing the needs of our customers, we will deliver value for all of our key stakeholders. We have a unique growth opportunity and we look forward to sharing our progress as the year unfolds. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Your question, please.
Constantine Lednev: Hi. Good afternoon, Drew and team. It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on a great quarter. Can we start off with a question on the 2023 planning assumptions and some of the moving pieces there? I see that the load stepped up from the prior first look up to 1% and O&M seems to have a slight tick up. Can you talk about what drove those changes, and what other changes are now embedded versus the early outlook? And on O&M specifically, is that piece attributed to flex O&M or more of recurring costs?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. Thanks for that. This is Kimberly. As you pointed out, our 2023 sales are up a little bit and our O&M is up a little bit from EEI. As you know that early outlooks are preliminary estimates and we've continued to refine our guidance and our outlooks. And as we did that, we found additional tailwinds both in conservative planning principles and additional opportunities in sales. There are some modest opportunities in interest rates expense, and that enabled us to add additional O&M for customer-centric spending like vegetation, as well as call center support and things like that. I will note that we continue to sit squarely in the middle of our guidance range, and we do plan to use flex spending or flex levers that we have to continue to manage 2023 both from a weather potential effects as well as any other effects that come along.
Constantine Lednev: Great. That's very helpful. And shifting to SERI, there's still a few proceedings outstanding. Just to clarify some of the new developments from the December order, how much additional refund are retail regulators lending? And more broadly on the process given kind of the individual complaints at receiving orders and the settlement that -- with Mississippi, does that provide some visibility to an ultimate resolution timeframe? And is there any kind of more constructive settlement discussion positions at this point?
Rod West: So this is Rod. I'll try to unpack the procedural aspects of SERI updates, and I think I'll let Kimberly address anything as it relates to any new financial claims. But two primary matters to update around the uncertain tax position and the sale-leaseback. One is the compliance filing and the other being the -- our opposing party's request for rehearing. On the compliance filing, actually today, we're filing our response to the regulator's opposition to our filing. And there is no specific timeline that FERC has to act on that, so that's one update. The second, a week from now there is the request outstanding by the opposition of -- for rehearing on the decisions that the FERC made at the end of the year. There is a deadline there that FERC has imposed on itself of February 23rd, so it's actually a week from today. That's the request for rehearing filed by the parties there. So two updates there. We'll have to review the order to determine what if any next steps we have in that regard, but those are the two primary updates for the SERI proceedings around the uncertain tax position and sale-leaseback.
Kimberly Fontan: And just to add as far as from a financial perspective, as you know, we reflected the complete effect of the SERI Mississippi settlement for all companies in June. About $235 million of that $550 million roughly charge that was taken last June went to Mississippi and the remainder is reserved. I think Drew mentioned as I did that there was about $104 million of refunds out of the decision that came in December, and those were paid by SERI to the operating companies in early January.
Constantine Lednev: And just as a follow up. Does the kind of information, does this kind of set you up for a better position for any kind of settlement discussions just given the fact that some of these issues are starting to get off the table?
Rod West: Well, I'll -- This is Rod again. I can respond there to the extent that we are progressing with FERC being clear about its intentions. It does set up a clear path to settlement. And I think what's upcoming and outstanding that being FERC having an opportunity to clarify its prior decision in December as well as addressing any of the issues upon which the rehearing is being requested. Again, it further clarifies those outstanding issues that may be standing in the way of settlement. Our position is settlements in the best interest of our customers and other stakeholders, and we will remain aggressive in pursuing that. But it's in FERC's corner right now to clarify their end of 2022 decision that I think will guide our next steps on settlement.
Drew Marsh: And I'll just add that -- this is Drew. Whenever we were back in December, we did have conversations going whenever the FERC did decide that they were going to put an order out. It halted those conversations to see what those orders were. And so, pending that information and clarity around that as Rod said, we would hope to be able to get back to the table with them.
Constantine Lednev: That's very helpful. Thank you for taking the questions. I'll jump back in the queue.
Drew Marsh: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Thank you, all.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Rod West: Hey, good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: Just a couple of smaller ones. Just on the -- you put on your slide that pension is less of an O&M drag year-over-year in 2023. Just -- if you could quantify that, and also how much was the pension contribution that you made last year in 2022?
Kimberly Fontan: Paul, this is Kimberly. I may need to get back with you on the specific numbers, but in general, our pension expense is down as you noted as the funded status has increased about $500 million to about 85%. We did increase the contribution at the end of the year, but I'll have Bill follow up with the specific number on that. Our pension liability came down due to the increase in interest rates, which, of course, is reflected in the discount rate for that liability, but that was offset by lower than expected returns on the asset side of our investments. But on a net basis, we are in a better funded status position at the end of the year.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. The liability was helped by a number of retirements along with interest rates. I think the number for the contribution was around $400 million in that ballpark, Paul, but Bill can give you the exact number.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay.
Drew Marsh: And it's going to be in the K.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And then also, I noticed there was a $33 million depreciation adjustment for SERI you had in your earnings release. If you could just give some information on what that related to.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. As Rod said, the decision that came out in December had a number of components and on the sale-leaseback side, it had a component around recovery of the cost of the portion that's owned by a third party and how that sale-leaseback was. So when the play that back through, the net rate base that was charged over time had been depreciated when you apply the effects of the sale-leaseback changes that the FERC order judge determined or the FERC determined that depreciation is a turnaround of that effect on that rate base that was depreciated over that time. So it's kind of -- you have to take that piece as well as I think you'll see another sort of net liability there and all those are adjusted out. It's related to that -- those items are all related to how you unwind the sale-leaseback component that came out of that order.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great. Thank you for that. Appreciate it.
Drew Marsh: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
David Arcaro: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Drew Marsh: Absolutely. Good morning.
David Arcaro: I was curious about the Louisiana Commission at least some of the commissioners seem to be focused on reliability and even outside of major storms. So wondering if there's a path to address that aspect of things, kind of areas that seem to maybe fall out of the specific 10-year resiliency plan, just maybe normal day-to-day outside major storm reliability?
Rod West: Yeah, reliability is actually a part and parcel of our resilience conversation. They are very much connected. And coming out of the back end of 2022 where our customers were experiencing financial hardship because of rising commodity prices, high usage and the like, the regulators were looking for relief and any disruption to our customers was viewed as a challenge for the regulators. But it didn't stop our stakeholder engagement strategy around reinforcing the need for continued investment, customer-centric investments and reliability. And it will continue to be part of our resilience filing and it's part of the case that we've made and the case will continue to make to the Louisiana Commission. They are aligned with us on those customer-centric investments, and we expect to see improvements in reliability across the board. So they've been interested. It's been aligned with our engagement with them thus far. We expect to continue to have their support, especially around our efforts to accelerate the investments.
Drew Marsh: And I'll add to Rod's comments that we had or we have a resilience and reliability program that we've been operating for the last years that has shown improvements in our stats. And when I was mentioning continuous improvement moving over into the capital space in my remarks, one of the areas where we are focusing that is in this energy delivery space because we have a reliability program. We are upgrading our resilience program. We also have customer efforts going on, integrating those three things and making it much more optimized. It's a space where we think we can achieve all the outcomes that we're looking for and do it more efficiently. So that is a place where all these things are starting to come together and not -- and are actually separate efforts going on internally in the business.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thanks. That's helpful. And you alluded to it in the prepared remarks, obviously, the last securitization process was a challenging one and I was just wondering if you could elaborate? Is there a way to lower the risk around storm cost securitization processes going forward in Louisiana? Just what kind of initiatives can you pursue specifically to kind of align parties more smoothly going forward?
Drew Marsh: I'll start and I'll let Rod jump in. But I think the main thing that we can do is embark on a resilience program together. And that is a big opportunity we have, filings in Louisiana and in New Orleans, and as I said we -- we're planning to do that in Texas later this year. That's the biggest opportunity and that will move all of our stakeholders forward in terms of preparing for storms and responding more effectively to storms. So, Rod, I'll let you...
Rod West: Yeah, and I think that's the point. Our customers are agnostic as to whether the investment is a reliability investment or a resiliency investment, and when there is a storm and the customers are interrupted, they are experiencing the hardships of that interruption. That's what was part of the driver for the heightened tension both in our -- from the regulators as well as our investment plans in pursuing accelerated investments in resiliency because our customers had the recency of the experience with storms. And so, Drew's point is right on point that if we can get alignment around accelerated resiliency investments, our customers will actually experience better reliability experiences as well. They are quite connected.
David Arcaro: Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Thank you for giving me time. Hey, just...
Drew Marsh: Absolutely. Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Drew. Just -- just clarification. What to expect on February 2020 -- February 22nd? So is the FERC actually going to put out an order where they will kind of -- you have the compliance refund, will they affirm the compliance refund report? I'm just trying to kind of figure out what to look for there?
Rod West: We expect them by February 23rd if I'm hearing your question correctly. We are expecting the FERC to respond to the parties' request for rehearing. So any substantive aspects of that is unknown to us, but our expectation is that FERC will respond to the parties' request to have certain of those issues reheard, not necessarily a substantive ruling one way or the other.
Durgesh Chopra: I see. So if they basically say no to the rehearing, then I guess, does that clear way the path to you kind of going through other settlements and putting that to bed? Is that the right framework that I'm thinking about?
Rod West: Well, the parties will have the opportunity to appeal if they're not satisfied with the outcome. I think from our vantage point, there were certain advantages to give FERC the opportunity to reaffirm the initial position it took, and we had some challenges with the sale-leaseback part of the order. And so, what we're looking for out of this candidly is clarity. And we'll wait to see what -- how FERC responds in the next week to order our next steps.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thank you, guys. That's all I had. All my other questions have been answered. Thanks, again.
Drew Marsh: Excellent. Thank you.
Rod West: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Your question, please.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So the first on FERC and SERI. So FERC scheduled hearings and that's a last challenge that talks about the prudence of the up rates of Grand Gulf, which I mean on its own frankly, it's hard to believe that this challenge wasn't outright rejected. So I mean, is there any read through? Are you hearing anything from FERC why those hearings were even scheduled?
Rod West: Hey, Angie. It's Rod. You're -- I'm assuming you're talking about the orders -- the rehearing order that the FERC released today where they declined our motion to...
Angie Storozynski: Yes.
Rod West: Rehear. Yeah. So the order is procedural only as we read it. It doesn't order any refunds or require any further actions. And they went so far as to explain that in setting the prudence complaint for hearing and settlement, it imposes no obligation on us. It doesn't deny us any of our rights. It fixes no legal relationships, but it simply initiates further proceedings. And they're with holding their right and ability to address anything substantive along the lines. It's not unexpected for us, but it's -- again, it's a procedural and not a substantive order. So there's not anything to read from it from a subsidy standpoint.
Drew Marsh: And, Angie, to be sure we appreciate your sentiment.
Rod West: Yeah. And the next step is the settlement offer March -- SERI settlement offer to the parties on March 1st, but again, Angie, taking it as a procedural matter, not a substantive one.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then, completely -- changing topics completely here. So I mean, I was just wondering there is this discussion in the industry overall about switching from solar ITC to solar PTC. Obviously, from a regulatory utility perspective that's helpful given no issue with ITC normalization, but is there -- I mean, as you look at it, right, especially that your solar resource would be superior or above average, I mean, is this shift -- would that be actually in any way EPS accretive? I mean, I'm just thinking about the earnings recognition under the -- on the solar PTCs versus the ITC.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Good question, Angie. The way we think about the PTCs is they provide -- and any IRA in general is it provides opportunity for incremental investment. We'll need to work with our regulators as we have over a number of years successfully to provide back the tax credits to customers in a way that provides them the value, but continues to support our credit and our balance sheet. And so, we've begun those conversations early, but how those play out will be a matter of discussion with our regulators. We've talked about using those as credits against rate base as compared to direct credit, for example, to customers as it gives us an opportunity to manage our balance sheet as well as ensure the opportunity to customers. And it also helps with the volatility associated with customers' bills on PTCs, particularly as it relates to the nuclear PTC.
Drew Marsh: And Angie, this is Drew. I would add to Kimberly's comments that we have a 50% planning assumption to the extent that this does help make us more competitive. There might be an opportunity for incremental investment over and above what we're planning, but we still have to go achieve that. So we're continuing to work to get more competitive. And this is certainly helping level the playing field for us as you said versus the ITC framework. But that's an opportunity for us that we will have to go achieve out there in the future.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then, lastly, you did make comments about changes in forward power curves and the quantification of the nuclear PTC benefit that would accrue to your customers, but we haven't yet received any guidelines from the IRS and it sounds like it's not expected until the early summer. But is there -- but have you been in discussions with the IRS about how they will potentially quantify the current energy stream that nuclear plants are getting?
Kimberly Fontan: Yes, we're certainly working through EEI with our partners and with the other utilities on getting clarification on these nuclear PTCs. We'll obviously have to wait with the rest of the industry on what that actually comes out as, but we do believe that that's an opportunity for us and we'd be eligible for those. And it provides, as Drew said, an opportunity for customers, both to manage builds as well as an opportunity for incremental investment depending on how those come out. But we have definitely been in discussions with them through EEI.
Drew Marsh: And we did anticipate that they would be probably a little slower on this because they had more time. It doesn't kick in until 2024. And so, we anticipated that they're going to cover a lot of other things like the corporate minimum tax and other important elements first before they got to that.
Angie Storozynski: Awesome. Thank you. Thank you, both.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Your question, please.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning. Hopefully, just two quick ones. I -- you may have addressed them, but just curious. I guess there's two issues going on with SERI. What is a reasonable expectation when you think of all of the challenges that will play out at FERC like what's a reasonable assumption when all that is over? Is that within six months or you think it could carry longer?
Rod West: We can't say because FERC has -- on the issues we just alluded to, doesn't have a specific timeline. They are in control of the schedule there. The updates that I've given was the filing we were making today that -- where the FERC has no scheduled deadline. That's in regard to our compliance filing. Then, the other was a week from today, the timing that FERC imposed on itself to reply to the request for rehearing from all the other parties, but it is in FERCs domain to decide when they make these decisions. So I could not give any expected timeframes to resolve all of these. That's another one of the reasons why we're so aggressive in engaging with the regulators to pursue a settlement to remove the uncertainty inherent in FERC's operations. No disrespect to our FERC commissioners.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And just lastly, in Slide 9 you go through some credit and liquidity metrics there. You talk about maybe about by year end, you hope to be at the range or better. Your FFO to debt, especially with Moody's trying to be at 14%. I guess, do you have a targeted credit cushion or a targeted level you hope to be maybe by 2024 that you could share?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. As you pointed out, we are targeting to be above 14% by the end of 2023 and closing out the securitization for Louisiana that was approved in January is a significant help to enable that. As far as longer term, we are targeting 15% and we're targeting that over the outlook period. So you'll see us continue to focus on strengthening our balance sheet over the outlook period to get to that target of around 15%.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question is a follow-up from Constantine from Guggenheim. Your question, please.
Constantine Lednev: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow up. Maybe just to elaborate on the O&M targets and conditions that you're seeing, you kind of mentioned some of the costs escalating, but just trying to get a sense on what percentage of O&M is subject to some of these external factors, and how do those elevated costs play into regulatory relief just given the FRP revenue increase caps?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. Thanks for the follow up. As far as inflation, we do have some inflation costs in our 2023 guidance. We've talked about costs like commodity costs and chemicals that have increased. We've seen some labor cost increase in our vegetation contracts, for example. But as I said, we have seen some relief on that, particularly on the commodity side as it relates to either the resources that go into our capital plan. Things like copper, nickel, steel, all these are down year-over-year. So there are some -- it's a blend, if you will, but we do think we have some flex levers in 2023 to help us manage both our O&M and our overall -- where we are in the guidance range.
Constantine Lednev: So, no kind of impact on the regulatory relief just given some of that flex that you have. I think the early outlook has like a 9% utility book ROE, any change in thinking around there?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. So as far as Louisiana and Arkansas where Arkansas certainly has an FRP, we continue to work to manage within that cap. Increased sales which U.S. Steel will come in over the outlook period will certainly help us in that regard. From a Louisiana perspective, as you know, in June is the last filing of our FRP in the current cycle and we would expect to have either a rate case or new FRP filing. Those modifications out of those outcomes would help us move up -- but you'd see their ROEs move up hopefully depending on the outcomes associated with those rate mechanisms.
Constantine Lednev: Great and quick follow-up on the question around credit metrics. Just are capital market conditions changing your thoughts around the process or kind of capital allocation or dividend decisions? And kind of more broadly, how are you thinking about optimizing those financing needs, especially with CapEx ramps up in the second half of the decade?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. We certainly -- as we noted from an equity perspective, we've met our needs through 2024 largely. We have about $130 million left. We've talked about a total need between 2025 and 2026. We haven't broken that out, but as we accelerate capital investments and we see additional renewable growth in the back half, we'll definitely have to look at how we are financing that most effectively. But we continue to watch interest rates as well as other mechanisms to finance, but we don't have anything as far as alternate financing or anything like that, that we have that's executable at this point.
Drew Marsh: And it's not changing our capital mix really either at this time. We're using the internal tool for continuous improvement and trying to flex around those internal options rather than try to adjust what we're doing on an external basis at this point.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. That's very helpful. Thanks so much and great quarter.
Drew Marsh: Thanks, Constantine.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse. Your question, please.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, everyone. Thanks for getting me in here. Just one from me today. In Louisiana, I know you're kind of on the last year of the FRP cadence and I guess you'll either file for an extension in the third quarter or a rate case. Can you just give us a sense of where you're leaning there and any additional thoughts around that? Thank you.
Rod West: Well, we are prepared for both tracks and the filing of a rate case. It doesn't prevent us from continuing to work with the commission and our related stakeholders on an extension or renewal of the FRP. So they are parallel paths, not inconsistent with the prior as I recall in my two iterations of review. So the process will likely be the same. Given the fact that we have the accelerated resilience filing and any anticipated tweaks along those lines, we'd be looking to figure out with our stakeholders what's the most efficient path for us to incorporate the resilience components aside from the rest of the components of our capital plan and rate design. So more to come but parallel paths.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks for that. Have a great day.
Rod West: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Bill Abler for any further remarks.
Bill Abler: Thank you, Jonathan, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on March 1st and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Entergy Corporation Earnings Release. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. And now Id like to introduce your host for todays program, Mr. Bill Abler, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Abler: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys CEO, Drew Marsh; and then Kimberly Fontan, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person has no more than two questions. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in todays press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday, the planned leadership succession that we announced in August took effect. While I am honored to have the opportunity to lead this great company, I am not alone. Leo remains as the Executive Chair for the next few months and we will continue to execute at a high level on our strategic path. Leo built a strong bench of talented leaders. Kimberly Fontan takes over as Chief Financial Officer, and Kimberly Cook-Nelson assumes the role of Chief Nuclear Officer. Meanwhile, Chris Bakken will serve as the Executive Vice President of Entergy Infrastructure to provide leadership and mentorship to both Pete Norgeot, who was recently promoted to Chief Operating Officer; and Kimberly Cook-Nelson as they settle into our top operational roles. While the new senior leadership -- with the new senior leadership team in place, Entergy has a bright future and we expect to deliver on the commitments that we have made to our key stakeholders. Today, we are reporting strong quarterly adjusted earnings of $2.84 per share. This is another solid quarter that keeps us on track for the year. In fact, with our biggest quarter behind us, we are narrowing our 2022 guidance by raising the bottom of the range by $0.10 per share and we are affirming our longer term outlooks for 6% to 8% annual growth through 2025. Last week, our Board of Directors raised our quarterly dividend by 6%. The annualized amount is now $4.28 per share, consistent with our target payout ratio of 60% to 65%. During the quarter, we continued to execute on many important fronts. Steady predictable growth depends on steady predictable regulatory mechanisms. Four of our operating companies have annual formula rate plans to provide timely recovery of our investments to benefit customers. Mississippis FRP filing was approved in July. Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Louisianas FRP rate changes were effective on September 1st. And we expect Entergy Arkansas annual review to wrap up in December. Entergy Texas filed a base rate case this year and it is proceeding on schedule with hearings planned in December. Absent the settlement, we expect a decision in the second quarter of next year. New Orleans City Council approved a $206 million securitization financing for storm cost recovery and replenishment of Entergy New Orleans storm escrow. While the prudent review of Ida cost is ongoing, moving forward with the financing will benefit customers by reducing interest rate risk. Louisianas review of Ida cost is also ongoing. Staff recently filed supportive testimony and recommended full cost recovery. Hearings are scheduled for December and we expect to receive securitization funds early next year. These developments are an important step in moving our credit metrics back to targeted levels. In September, we received an ALJ recommendation on our proposed Orange County Advanced Power Station or OCAPS. It was very encouraging that the presiding judges recommended approval of the project and they recognize the significant economic and reliability benefits that this facility would bring to our customer in Texas. The ALJ did not support the hydrogen capability for the plant though we continue to believe that day one hydrogen co-firing capability for OCAPS is in the best interest of our customers. I will note that the Governor of Texas has indicated his support for the plant, including its hydrogen capability. OCAPS hydrogen capability is less than 5% of the total investment, and it provides a critically important option for fuel diversity and ensures the plants continued value in a low carbon future. Also, an economically viable hydrogen economy is no longer decades away. The passage of the Inflation Reduction Act promises to improve hydrogen economics and further accelerate clean hydrogen production. As we have said, Entergys region is uniquely positioned to take advantage of this opportunity and we expect the Gulf Coast to lead the way, bringing jobs and economic benefits to our communities. The decision on Orange County ultimately lies with the commission and it is on the agenda for tomorrows meeting. If approved, OCAPS will be our first unit capable of burning up to 30% hydrogen on day one1 with plans to eventually be 100% hydrogen capable. The Gulf region remains a prime target for onshoring growth opportunities. As we laid out at Analyst Day, our industrial customers have many inherent advantages that make them low cost producers on the global stage. This is enhanced by recent supply chain and geopolitical conditions. Commodity spreads important to our customers remain positive and continue to support the outlooks we laid out at Analyst Day. We continue to see announcements for new projects in our service area. For example, Entergy Texas and New Fortress Energy signed an MOU for collaboration on developing renewable energy and hydrogen infrastructure. The partnership will help accelerate the green hydrogen economy in Southeast Texas. New Fortress Energys project will leverage industry-leading electrolysis technology from Plug Power for the production of more than 50 tons per day of green hydrogen. Entergy Texas will supply 120 megawatts of green power to serve this facility, which is expected to be one of the largest of its kind in North America. In Louisiana, Olin and Plug Power announced plans to produce green hydrogen from a 15-ton per day plant. Both of these projects are good examples of how the hydrogen economy is coming to life in our service territory. CF Industries announced a $2 billion carbon capture ammonia complex in Ascension Parish, which will create more than 400 jobs. This is another great example of customer growth tied to decarbonization. As I said, we have seen a lot of progress in the last few months. We continue to monitor the significant pipeline of opportunities for signs of impacts from broader economic uncertainty. We have not seen a noticeable pause or pull back. As we said at Analyst Day, fundamentals of our region uniquely position the Gulf Coast for substantial growth even in a challenging economy. We also continue to make progress on expanding our renewables footprint. We received approval for the 250-megawatt driver solar acquisition in Arkansas. This facility is being constructed near U.S. Steels expansion in Osceola and it is expected to be completed in 2024, and U.S. Steel received the facilitys clean energy attributes. This illustrates how we work collaboratively with our customers and our regulators to support growth, jobs and sustainability in our region. In September, the Louisiana Commission approved four solar projects totaling 475 megawatts. They also approved our new Geaux Green tariff, which -- thats G-E-A-U-X, Geaux, which began taking reservations from large commercial and industrial customers yesterday. Based on inquiries to-date, we are expecting strong demand and it arrived. The 365 megawatts allocated to the tariff were fully reserved in just a few minutes, indicating strong faster demand for sustainability products. We also announced plans for two new renewable RFPs. Entergy Texas is seeking 2,000 megawatts of clean energy and Entergy Mississippi is seeking 500 megawatts. We now have eight active RFPs totaling 7,000 megawatts. We have made selections in four of those RFPs and are negotiating with counterparties. We will announce specific projects once agreements are reached. In addition to clean energy, resilience is important for our customers who depend more than ever on reliable electricity supply. Since Hurricane Ida, we have invested in new infrastructure built to higher standards that will improve the systems resilience, including more than 22,000 distribution poles, more than 2,200 transmission structures and eight fuel stations. Execution on our resilience investment is ongoing and our base plan includes investments that will continue to upgrade our system. At Analyst Day, we laid out our $15 billion 10-year accelerated resilience plan. We expect our proposed investments to significantly reduce physical and financial storm risk, and we are engaging with stakeholders to make our case. We made our first filing in New Orleans. We plan to file in Louisiana before year end and in Texas by mid-next year. We did our homework and the accelerated resilience plan is heavily informed by our neighbors in Florida, knowing that their hardened assets performed well and Hurricane Ian along with the strong performance of our own hardened infrastructure over the past couple of years gives us confidence that we can substantially reduce our exposure to storms and provide meaningful benefits to customers. Affordability remains a top priority and we announced several initiatives last quarter to help our customers when they saw higher bills from both warmer temperatures and higher natural gas prices. As part of our recent customer affordability initiatives, we have helped more than 35,000 customers with more than $5 million in bill credits. We have held energy fairs in 48 communities to provide helpful information to our customers about how to manage their bills and benefit from energy efficiency. We have also weatherized many low income customers homes and installed energy efficient appliances including new heat pumps and tankless water heaters. These efforts are only a part of what we are doing to help with affordability. Many of our past actions are mitigating the impacts of high natural gas prices for our customers today. The investments we made over the last eight years in more efficient generation and renewable resources are reducing fuel costs. Based on 2022 gas prices, these modern assets are reducing fuel cost by an estimated $400 million compared to what it would have otherwise been. Our nearly decade-long participation in MISO has also produced customer savings, which totaled more than $2 billion through 2021. Support for economic development and growth in our service areas also helps with customer affordability. Not only does it spread fixed costs over a growing customer base and also provides economic growth and jobs that are critical for our communities. Another lever for affordability is continuous improvement, which is more important than ever. We are using CI to find efficiencies that will offset inflationary pressures and create headroom for new investments to help customers. We have a robust growth story at Entergy. We are seeing significant industrial growth as economic indicators for businesses in the Gulf South continue to be positive. Besides driving investments and growth for our owners, that industrial growth is important for our communities, especially in todays economic environment. This opportunity is unique to Entergy and it will benefit each of our key stakeholders. We see our growth continuing for years to come as our customers need to help our -- help to -- need our help to achieve their decarbonization goals. It starts with growing our clean energy capacity, which will reduce our customers indirect emissions and continues through electrification of industrial processes to reduce their direct emissions. We are very excited about our near-term and long-term prospects, and we look forward to continuing this conversation with you at the EEI financial conference in a few weeks. Before I wrap up, Id like to say a few words about Leo Denault. He yesterday retired from his role as our Chief Executive Officer after a long and successful career. While we wont see him day-to-day, the impacts of his tireless dedication to our four key stakeholders remain. Under Leos leadership, we simplified our business to our core utilities. We turned around our nuclear operations. We redefined our customer focus. We have progressed and broadened our ESG commitments. We raised diversity, inclusion and belonging as a strategic pillar. We emerged as a national leader in corporate citizenship. Without missing a beat, we navigated through the pandemic and storms of the last couple of years. And we established a clear vision of our future opportunities. As part of his distinguished career, Leo completed 74 earnings calls over the past 19 years and he has been a steady presence for our key stakeholders. We will work with him as Executive Chairman for the next several months, as we continue to make progress on the vision and strategy that he established. As I turn the call over a word about our new Chief Financial Officer, Kimberly Fontan. Most recently, Kimberly served as our Chief Accounting Officer and she also has senior leadership experience in operations and regulatory roles. Kimberly brings a broad experience and perspective, and shes a great addition to Entergys senior leadership team. Now I will turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Kimberly Fontan.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you, Drew, for that introduction. I am honored to join the leadership team and I am pleased to join you all on the call today. I am looking forward to working with all of you in the financial community. As Drew said, we have had another strong quarter, with results to keep us on track to meet our financial commitments. Summarized on slide three, our adjusted earnings were $2.84 per share. Consistent with comments on guidance last quarter, we are narrowing our guidance range by raising the bottom end $0.10. This result is consistent with our objective of steady, predictable earnings growth. We are also affirming our outlooks through 2025. On slide four, you will see the adjusted EPS drivers for the quarter, higher retail sales was the primary driver as last year was impacted by Hurricane Ida. Weather this year was also warmer than normal. Excluding weather, sales growth in the quarter was 5.7%. Industrial sales were up 7%. We continue to see growth from new and expansion projects in line with our expectations. The primary contributors to the industrial growth were chlor alkali and transportation customers. Sales to small industrial and cogen customers were also higher than last year. O&M increased for the quarter due to several factors. Power delivery expenses increased, including higher vegetation costs in part driven by inflation. We also had increased costs for transmission maintenance and nuclear operations. Bad debt expense rose on the heels of higher bills this past summer. Other drivers for the quarter results include higher depreciation and interest expense from investments we continue to make to serve customers. You can see on slides five and six that the fundamentals underlying our industrial sales and growth remained strong and we have not seen signs of a pullback. Industrial commodity spreads continued to support positive margins and robust Gulf Coast operational levels, refining remains highly profitable with low product inventory supporting high operational rates, record commodity spreads continue to drive Gulf LNG exports to Europe today and expansion of this capacity in the future. The U.S. Gulf ammonia producers are running at high rates to help fill the global supply gap. Beyond supportive commodity spreads, the Gulf Coast region continues to offer industrial customers inherent labor, infrastructure and global shipping advantages. And as we discussed at Analyst Day, this next wave of our industrial growth is being accelerated due to onshoring trends. These trends are caused by broken supply chain globally, manufacturers needing reduced geopolitical investment risk, as well as global customers who need energy security. The results for EWC are summarized on slide seven. The shutdown and sale of our merchant nuclear plants continue to be the main drivers for that business. Operating cash flow is shown on slide eight. The quarters result is $993 million, a decline compared to last year. Key variances, including the timing of fuel and purchase power payments, the wind down of EWC and increased O&M, offset partially by higher utility customer receipts. Turning to credit and liquidity on slide nine, we continue to work towards achieving in range or better credit metrics by the end of 2023. We continue to monitor our deferred fuel position, and in the third quarter, our balance increased approximately $150 million. We continue to work with our retail regulators to manage the impact of high fuel cost on customer bills. The forward curve for natural gas continues to decline, which helps with customer bills as well. As deferred fuel balances are recovered, our credit metrics should improve. We continue to make progress on the securitization front. A credit positive development in the quarter was the City Councils approval for Entergy New Orleans to issue securitization bonds to establish a new storm reserve and recover Ida storm cost. This, of course, is subject to the City Councils prudence review. Last quarter, we gave our early take on the impact of the inflation reduction add for our customers and for Entergys cash and credit position. After additional analysis, we continue to be optimistic about the benefits from this legislation. Slide 10 provides highlights on the cash and credit impacts of the IRA. One important note is that we do not expect to be subject to the minimum tax provisions until 2026. The chart illustrates the relationship between gas and power prices and the resulting nuclear production tax credits at various commodity prices. We expect to see meaningful value for our customers, though, as you can see, the value is dependent on volatile commodity prices. We will work with our retail regulators to flow the value of the production tax credits to customers in a manner that mitigates volatility on their bills. We see meaningful value from the solar PTCs as well. The PTCs increased competitiveness of utility owned solar. The value for customers will increase over time as we grow our renewables portfolio. We remain encouraged about the prospects for the IRA to create value for our key stakeholders. Slide 11 summarizes the progress against our equity plan. To-date, of the $1.2 billion expected need through 2024, we have issued nearly $1.1 billion, most of which are equity forwards. We plan to exercise the equity forward and receive the cash proceeds by the end of the year. Moving to slide 12, given the added clarity from 3 quarters of actuals, we are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance range and affirming our long-term 6% to 8% growth outlook through 2025. For the full year, we once again raised our expectation on sales growth. This is largely due to higher than planned sales to cogeneration customers. While a positive for 2022 going forward, we will continue to plan conservatively for this customer group as electric demand from these customers varies. Commercial sales also have been higher than we expected a positive sign for economic health. The higher than planned revenue from weather and sales gives us the ability to spend in areas that benefit our customers and de-risk future periods. Our O&M estimate for the year reflects flex spending, including initiatives to improve customer call response time and the enhanced customer assistance programs that we have discussed. We are also able to absorb some higher than expected expenses like vegetation management and ammonia used to reduce NOX emissions at our power generation plants without having to reduce other costs. Actions like these help us ensure that we deliver steady, predictable adjusted EPS growth year in and year out. The Entergy management team will be in Florida in less than two weeks and we will provide our preliminary three-year capital plan and high level drivers for 2023s earnings expectations. Additionally, we will discuss Entergys long-term growth story, including our unique industrial growth opportunity, our accelerated resilience program, renewables expansion, IRA opportunities and our role in the hydrogen economy. Entergy has great opportunities ahead for our key stakeholders. We have a strong base plan to meet our strategic objectives and we look forward to talking to you about our plans at EEI. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Thanks. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks. Just want to start off with the 2,500 megawatts add in RFPs. Just what is your expectation for utility owned opportunities there versus PPAs?
Kimberly Fontan: Hey. Thanks for the question, Jeremy. Good question. Our current expectation is at least 50% or better from an owned perspective and thats whats assumed in our outlook.
Jeremy Tonet: And does...
Drew Marsh: Its consistent with where we were. Sorry, Jeremy, this is Drew. Its consistent with where we were at Analyst Day.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Does IRA present the opportunity that this could be a bit higher?
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. Thats certainly something that we are looking at. Recall that a lot of our investments on renewables are in the back half of the decade. So we certainly expect to see benefits from IRA in that period and we will talk more about that at Analyst Day. But we do think that the IRA provides upside, as well as reducing the need for tax equity partnerships on that front.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. And just if I could ask about U.S. Gulf Coast industrial activity expansion, just wondering what cadence do you see for that growth as far as LNG export capacity and other factors? What time frame do you see that ramping up and how do you think about the secondary impact where you bring kind of more and better jobs into the area and what that does for your residential customers?
Drew Marsh: Yeah. I think thats a great question, Jeremy. This is Drew. I will start off and then Kimberly or Rod can add to that. But its -- what we laid out at Analyst Day was 6% compound annual growth through the five-year period. Theres a big chunk of that thats coming in around 24% and thats -- I think thats probably the biggest step-up in our forecast. But its still consistent with what we laid out at that point and we see it continuing to be robust. In terms of jobs, it certainly will be helpful for jobs in our area and continue to allow our customer -- our residential and commercial customer bases to grow. Its not as big as it was 30 years ago, honestly, because of the amount of automation and other things that are inherent in modern industrial facilities. But that also gives us the opportunity to be much more competitive on the global stage. So I think those there are trade-offs in those pieces. But thats one of the things that makes our region very attractive. I dont know, Rod, if you have anything to add to that?
Rod West: No. I think that makes the point. The message we sent an Analyst Day around the back half of the decade, representing the lions share of the growth, and even at Analyst Day, we showed what sectors we thought would populate that growth as well, tying in our industrial expansion with the electrification and ESG concerns of our customers. So we ought to leave it at that.
Drew Marsh: Okay.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. I will leave it there. Thanks.
Drew Marsh: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Your question please.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Drew, maybe just starting off around your earnings guidance, just, I guess, looking at your O&M run rate increase and interest rate headwinds for 2023, how are you sort of thinking about the contingency and plan levers on offset, et cetera? I guess how does sort of this inflationary environment kind of change your planning parameters versus the Analyst Day expectations, especially as we are looking to bridge into next year with a sort of a $0.30 band at the top and bottom end?
Kimberly Fontan: Thanks, Shar, for that question. I will start with your O&M question. The drivers for 2022 were really around our flex levers, which includes both pull-forwards and onetime items like the enhanced customer assistance program that we talked about earlier this year. The pull-forwards give us ramp to pull-forward things from future years and de-risk future periods. The other impact from 2022 was inflation, as you noted, and we were able to cover that in 2022 through the increased weather and volume that we had in the first three quarters of the year. That said, we have included a level of inflation in our forecast for 2023 and we expect to meet our outlook as said, and we cover that with continuous improvement opportunities that we have been working on. As it relates to your interest rate question, I think, at Analyst Day, the outlook was about 5%, we -- or 5.25%. We have increase the interest rate expense to about a little less than 6% on the long-term debt and about 5.25% on the shorter term debt and thats included in our outlook. That said, our treasury team has done a lot of work over the last few years who would help mitigate exposure to potential rising interest rates by refinancing long-term debt in the periods of lower interest rates to help us offset in future periods.
Shar Pourreza: Got it.
Drew Marsh: And Shar, I will just add one thing on that last piece. We have a lot of cash expected to come in. Kimberly mentioned that we are intending to exercise the equity forwards and then we have the securitizations, which we should be finishing up over the next several months. Those two things should alleviate some borrowing needs in the next near-term, I should say.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just to ask, maybe just shifting to financing, I mean, obviously, your capital growth opportunities are increasing with resiliency, hardening, green tariffs, et cetera. I guess, how are you sort of thinking about more accretive ways to finance this growth in this current really challenging capital markets environment. I mean theres been some press sort of highlighting that you could be looking to raise about $2 billion through a minority sale of your utilities combined into a holding company, excluding Texas. I guess any sort of general comments here, any sense on timing, is there a process that started? I mean you certainly wont be the first utility thats looking to optimize an asset in lieu of traditional financing?
Drew Marsh: Yeah. So I will hand this over to Kimberly to address it first.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Thanks, Shar. Theres no new news on this front. I know we had talked to you about the value difference between private capital and public capital markets, and to the extent that we can capitalize on that, and theres a difference there, we would be compelled to do that. But theres no new news on that front at this point.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Figured this is Drews first CEO call, I was going to try to put him on the spot. Thanks, guys.
Drew Marsh: And I hand it to Kimberly very softly.
Shar Pourreza: But give you the flex. You did perfectly. Thanks.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
David Arcaro: Hey. Good morning. Thanks very much for taking my question.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
David Arcaro: On the AMT, I just wanted to check, how much of an impact are you expecting once we reach 2026. I think you had in one of the slides in terms of when the corporate AMT would start impacting the business. And I was wondering in the interim over the next couple of years, just given that same slide, slide 10, we are currently seeing Henry Hub forward prices kind of in the 450 range or above over the next few years. Is there an AMT impact at all in like 2024, 2025 thats offset by the nuclear PTC level? I am wondering if you could just compare those two impacts. Thanks.
Kimberly Fontan: Sure. Good question. As the slide indicates, we dont expect the corporate minimum tax until 2026. Thats not being offset in 2024, 2025. If you think about how thats being calculated, its a 3-year historical average and then we can replace book with tax depreciation. So that enables us to not expect to have a minimum tax until 2026. That said, to your point on the graph on the right, we do think that we have significant opportunity on the nuclear PTCs. But it is dependent on the gas and the power prices and where those are at the time. But those do start coming in, in 2023 and 2024 and so we would expect those to come in earlier than that corporate minimum tax. And we will work with our regulators to provide benefits to our customers, but also offset the effects of that corporate minimum tax when we do have exposure to that.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Thanks. Thats helpful. And then on the upcoming Louisiana Resilience filing, I was just wondering if theres any feedback or initial conversations from relevant stakeholders in the state around the importance, the priority of kicking off this work and what the appetite might be?
Rod West: Hi. Its Rod. The short answer is, the stakeholders in the State of Louisiana all have expressed an interest in resiliency. They certainly understand the demand after several stakeholder engagements between reliability and resiliency. The commission in and of itself, obviously, is always going to be interested in how we pace it. And certainly, given the sensitivities around the current economic environment, how does this ultimately impact customer bills. But I think the -- as we stated in Drews opening comments, its very clear that the lessons that we learned from NextEra is also highlighting the work that we have been doing to get the alignment around the need for accelerated resiliency spending. Obviously, the decision is going to ultimately play out through the resi -- after the resiliency filing when the LPSC sets a procedural schedule. But the homework that we have done to-date all the way up to and including the most recent lessons learned from our friends in Florida, all informing our bullish point of view around the need to do this. We are not in a position to tell you in advance or to get ahead of our regulators, but we do believe we are making good progress on getting a line amongst our stakeholder group.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Drew Marsh: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning and congrats Drew your first call and Kimberly to you as well.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Kimberly Fontan: Thank you.
Durgesh Chopra: Yes. Of course. All my other questions have been answered. I was just wondering if you could update if theres an update to share on the SERI settlement. I know you had this settlement with Mississippi, but anything there that we should focus on as we get into the year-end or next step there?
Rod West: Its Rod again. No new news that I can communicate publicly. I can share affirmatively that we are actively engaged with relevant stakeholders and trying to contact a settlement and find common ground and I can only report that, that work is ongoing, but nothing public.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Thats helpful, guys. Thank you.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America. Your question please.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: If I could just follow up on Shars question a little bit and thanks for the details on the O&M. If you could just break down that, I believe its $0.60 higher than the original guidance, basically how much is that acceleration versus more the inflation and kind of organic pieces of that?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Good question. Theres a number of both pull-forwards, as well as inflationary items. Its hard to get to the specific number. But from an inflation perspective, we are seeing that more in -- you see it in fuel, you see it in chemical type costs and then we see it on the capital side and less so in the labor market side. But we have included an ongoing level of inflation. And then if you think about the flex side, we have long talked about flexing up when there are opportunities from whether in volume or other things that happen in the business and thats really what you are seeing on the other side, opportunities to spend where we can support our customers and our stakeholders.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. And Paul, this is Drew. I will add that the inflation effects, they are touching us. We are not immune to that, like, the rest of the industry. The places where we are seeing it start to creep in on the labor side or Kimberly mentioned the commodity type effects. And so we are also seeing, what I would say, in commodity services area. So vegetation is a big area where we have seen inflation and so we have been ramping up, as you mentioned, our continuous improvement efforts to offset that, because the inflation piece doesnt go away easily and so there are continuous improvement efforts are ramping up to offset that over the next however long we need it. And we are finding actually good success in the offset. So we are very comfortable that we are going to be able to manage through the inflation effects that we have seen so far.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Understand there. And staying on the hot topic of inflation, just as you think about the next Arkansas FRP filing, do you think that this is probably another one thats going to be at the rate change cap or do you think you can manage a little bit below that level?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. The -- we have been working in the Arkansas area. The continuous improvement will help us in that space to reduce cost. We certainly look at and watch to see -- try to stay under those caps so that we are both managing the affordability for customers, as well as obviously, creating value for all of our stakeholders. We will -- but we believe that we will continue to work inflation and manage that with continuous improvement. The specific number that we would file in Arkansas next year would still -- is still being developed, but it will certainly take into consideration of inflation.
Drew Marsh: And we are a little over the cap for whats coming for the formula plan this year. So we are above the cap already there.
Paul Zimbardo: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Understood. Thank you both and see you soon.
Drew Marsh: All right. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question, and again, congrats, not just to Drew and Kimberly, but obviously, Leo. It has been a long time since coming over from Indiana. I have a couple of easy questions. One is your demand growth, especially on the C&I side has been really, really healthy, not just this year but last couple of years, and this quarter, we saw a turn in residential demand growth. You have proposed Orange County in Texas, but just curious, even though you are adding a lot of renewable in lots of the jurisdictions, what your thoughts are around in some of the other jurisdictions to any need for any more conventional generation?
Drew Marsh: Yeah.
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. Thats a good question. We do plan out over a long-term and we are looking for growth -- we watch the growth thats occurring. Our plans include a significant amount of renewable investments as you suggested. I think we have 14 gigawatt hours to 17 gigawatt hours in our -- over the longer period in investments. We will add baseload generation, smaller units to the extent that they are needed to support reliability and ensure that we continue to meet the needs of our customers. But near-term, Orange County is the project thats on the plan.
Drew Marsh: And certainly, I think, Orange County is an example of how we would approach it with hydrogen capability defined, because of the long-term need to make a potential transition or a targeted transition, I should say, to clean energy where our customers are taking us. So that would be part of it. I think, Michael, in the near-term, we dont have a need for incremental capacity that can offset that. But certainly, if the demand -- the energy demand accelerates, then we would certainly need to look at that. And right now, I think, we are looking at sort of the back end of this decade is, where we start to see the need for additional capacity, either from storage in some form or perhaps natural gas converting to hydrogen over the long-term.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one on related follow-up, can you -- lots of really positive things happening in Louisiana. The securitization looks like its going pretty smoothly. Dont have a last step or two there. It will be interesting to watch the grid resiliency docket. Just curious, though, can you remind us what your was -- revenue request was for the formula rate plan versus whats been authorized in the formula rate plan there? And just in general, how you are thinking about getting Louisiana closer to earning authorized rates of return?
Drew Marsh: Yeah. So you are referring to the fact that we have sort of been at the bottom of our band in the formula rate plan. Is that what you are
Michael Lapides: Either the bottom
Drew Marsh:  referring to, Michael?
Michael Lapides: Either the bottom or in some periods not at the bottom, depends how long you look?
Drew Marsh: Right. Right. Well, I think, we continue to work with the retail regulators around options to be -- to get more efficient recovery, particularly as we begin to ramp up things like resilience. In our resilience filing, you will see that we have a request for more contemporaneous cost recovery. We have put in place more efficient riders for transmission and distribution investment in Louisiana. We will need to get those extended. But those are the kinds of tools that we have been using to help manage the lag that we have seen in Louisiana in particular.
Michael Lapides: So if I look at your EPS guidance over the next couple of years, does this assume that Louisiana at some point in that timeframe that it kind of how far out gets closer to the midpoint of the range?
Kimberly Fontan: Yeah. So it certainly seems -- I think the last year of the FRP is next years filing and so we would have to go through a new either rate case or renewable of that FRP. And we work with the commission to get outcomes that support the needs of the business and so thats what we would be planning for in our outlook.
Michael Lapides: Meaning your outlook assumes you are not at the low end of the band, you are back towards the middle or does it assume kind of what you have delivered over the last couple of years?
Kimberly Fontan: I think Id have to look specifically what it assumes, but it certainly assumes that we work constructively with our regulator in order to move us further up in that band.
Drew Marsh: And I dont think its assuming
Michael Lapides: Makes sense.
Drew Marsh:  any new mechanisms that suddenly pop up in the forecast. We have -- we are assuming that we have the existing mechanisms in place. But we will need to get better mechanisms in order to hit all of the financial targets that we need to hit, particularly the credit metrics that we are targeting going forward.
Michael Lapides: Understood and thank you. A lot of things improving in Louisiana over the last five years to seven years in terms of regulation and look forward to seeing this on a go-forward basis as well. Thanks, Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Fowler from UBS. Your question please.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, Drew. Good morning, Kimberly. How are you?
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Ross Fowler: Congratulations on the official new roles, I guess, as of yesterday. Most of my questions have been asked, but just a couple for me. So going back to Rods comments on the Louisiana resiliency filing and lessons learned from Hurricane Ian. I guess one of the lessons learned was the system did very well. But there were parts of it, obviously, that didnt perform as well and theres been some discussions, I guess, in Florida around undergrounding those portions of the system that are higher risk. Has that entered sort of the conversation in Louisiana yet or can you provide some color or context around that?
Rod West: Sure. Its Rob again. The short answer is, yes. All of the above is part of the analysis. And you wouldnt be surprised to hear us say, the conversation -- we expect the conversation to go towards cost benefit and risk reward. As you think about the location of where the risk of high winds versus high water shows up, its different depending upon what portion of the region you are talking about. But in Louisiana, they are definitely taking into account the benefits of undergrounding, which historically has -- the benefit has been that the frequency of outages with underground facilities is lower. But when there is some type of disruption, the duration is longer, that is after you tend to overcome the initial upfront cost of undergrounding, which in our service territory has historically been cost prohibitive. Whats different now, given some of the, I will call it, the positive recency bias with storm experience, we -- and certainly, some of the cost -- potential cost improvements and benefits of undergrounding, it is part of the conversation.
Ross Fowler: All right. Thats fantastic. Thank you. And then maybe one just on LNG expansion. We have seen some softening in LNG prices. I think that probably has more to do with weather in Europe than anything else. But I know its days, are you still seeing a lot of interest there, obviously, you touched on this a little bit, but what interest specifically are you seeing around maybe use of electric drives for future projects and putting renewable energy into those electric drives to the extent possible to sort of make the profile
Rod West: Yeah. Yeah.
Ross Fowler:  of future projects green.
Rod West: Yeah. Its at the core of most of the conversations we are actually having with our LNG customers. We noted the recent earnings call for Energy Transfer on the Lake Charles LNG project where they are spending the gamut in consideration of the electric drives, gas compression, as well as a carbon capture. But across the landscape, we are seeing the expected acceleration of development of the LNG projects in the service territory. And we remain bullish as are our customers, notwithstanding the current economic environment. I think Drew alluded to some of the structural benefits or advantages that those customers have, and thats continuing to show up, not just in the expansion, but also in the ESG components of the LNG expansion as well.
Drew Marsh: And Ross, I will just add that, that theme around the LNG with electric drives and having a cleaner product, is not unique to LNG. We are seeing that in other industrial processes where folks that, particularly if you are putting in -- they are putting in new facilities, they are trying to electrify as much as possible. Some of the existing facilities will electrify over top of it. If anybody is putting anything new, whether its in metals or LNG or petrochem or whatever, they are looking to see if they can electrify those industrial processes that normally, probably, would have been handled through fossil fuels. So thats an ongoing thing that we are seeing across a broad spectrum of industrial processes.
Ross Fowler: Yeah. Thats fantastic, Drew. Thank you and see you all in couple weeks.
Drew Marsh: Great. Thanks, Ross.
Ross Fowler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our final question for today comes from the line of Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Your question please.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just wanted to go back to SERI a little bit here, maybe from a different angle, its now up to just three or four slides in your presentation. Have you given any thought to maybe some sort of strategic -- more strategic solution to this situation around these assets rather than mitigating or trying to settle these dockets one by one? Maybe its a strategic solution or some overarching regulatory solution, is it global settlement of all of it, like, is there any ideas you could share that you may be had?
Drew Marsh: Sure. Sophie, this is Drew. I will tackle that. Certainly, the settlement, Rod, referenced the settlements that we have in Mississippi and we are in conversations with others to see if we can find a global event. Prior to the work that we are doing right now up at FERC and all the different proceedings that we have, w went -- I dont know, couple of decades without significant litigation around SERI. And I would expect that once we are through this, it will kind of go back to that natural state. We will have to see. But certainly a strategic alternative around with that is something that we consider, but we would not have an option around that until we get through the litigated settlement. And so if we are able to get through the litigation, then we could consider something like that, but thats -- if we go back to a normal run rate, I dont think that would be the best option for us. So we will have to wait and see how this develops, but certainly, until we get through the current conversations up at the FERC, we wouldnt be able to go forward in any way on the strategic front.
Sophie Karp: All right. Thanks for the color. Thats all for me.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Bill Abler for any further remarks.
Bill Abler: Thank you, Jonathan, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 9th and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergys Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates on -- of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. And now, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Bill Abler, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Abler: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation, and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting strong second quarter adjusted earnings of $1.78 per share. Robust economic activity and supportive fundamentals drove favorable sales trends in our commercial and industrial sectors and hot weather drove increased residential and commercial sales. We are also seeing growing residential customer counts supported by strengthening wage and employment data. Given the results to date as well as our view of the balance of the year, we are tracking towards the upper half of our 2022 guidance range and remain squarely on pace to achieve our longer-term 6% to 8% growth outlooks. While we're pleased with the strength of our business, I want to acknowledge that, due to global factors impacting natural gas prices, together with high electric usage caused by extreme heat, our customers, like many across the country are receiving electric bills that are much higher than is typical even for this time of year. This is top of mind, as we continue to achieve outcomes that build upon our proven track record of results. We executed on the important customer, regulatory, operational, and financial deliverables that continue to improve quality across our business. As we discussed at Analyst Day, the attributes of Entergy's business, align well with premium utilities. Given the bill pressures customers are facing, we continue to take strong and meaningful measures to help ease the burden of electric costs. Many of our past actions and investments are mitigating the impacts of high natural gas prices for our customers today. The investments we made over the last eight years and more efficient generation and renewable resources have lowered fuel cost by nearly $500 million annually compared to what they would otherwise have been. Going forward, investments in renewables, and highly efficient generating resources, like the Orange County Advanced Power Station, will further reduce customer exposure to natural gas prices. Our ongoing participation in MISO has provided more than $250 million per year of savings for customers and these savings increased during periods of higher fuel prices. Our top quartile O&M performance and customer centric investments have delivered meaningful value for customers. We placed extra importance in helping customers who need it the most, with programs like the Power to Care, and initiatives to get LIHEAP assistance to customers that qualify. Otherwise, we help customers manage affordability include products like level building, deferred payment plans, as well as analytics and AMI-driven usage alerts. To further address bill challenges today, we are working with our regulators on additional solutions. We've agreed to defer fuel recovery to mitigate fuel price impacts on customer's monthly bills. We are also waiving late fees for eligible customers and credit card fees for all residential customers. We've committed $10 million in shareholder donations for residential bill payment assistance programs. Additionally, given our strong industrial and commercial sales and hot weather, we are utilizing our flex program to increase spending on initiatives designed to lower customers costs and improve reliability. As I mentioned, one of the largest drivers of higher customer bills has been the increase in natural gas prices. Looking ahead, the forward NYMEX curve indicates significant gas price declines over the next 12 months to 24 months and we are seeing fundamentals that support that trajectory. While weather across the nation has driven up natural gas demand this year, causing inventories to be tight, US gas production is tracking roughly three Bcf per day ahead of last year. The US has ample natural gas resources that can be produced in shale plays at prices consistent with the long-term NYMEX curve. Over the last year, we've seen independent producer activity ramp up in Haynesville and Permian Basin shale plays. Haynesville gas rig counts have increased nearly 50%. Increased gas production is also reflected by higher oil rig counts in West Texas, where high levels of associated gas from Permian Basin shale represent significant natural gas supply additions. The old adage that nothing solves high prices like high prices is certainly true. And while we can't control commodity prices, we see relief for customers in sight. Our recent SERI settlement represents another way we have worked with our regulators to mitigate risk, while also helping reduce customers' bills. In late June, we announced a settlement with the MPSC that resolved Entergy, Mississippi's 40% economic interest in complaints against SERI. The settlement is a big step forward in resolving risks surrounding system energy and improving our overall regulatory environment. The settlement also comes at an opportune time to provide much needed bill relief to Mississippi customers. Entergy, Mississippi would use the cash payment from this settlement to provide immediate bill relief and help offset fuel impacts on customer bills. The Mississippi Public Service Commission recognized the opportunity to deliver meaningful value to customers today rather than wait for an uncertain outcome potentially years down the road. Looking beyond Mississippi, this settlement sets a marker and represents a catalyst opportunity to drive progress with the other commissions on broader SERI litigation resolution. Beyond SERI, regulatory progress was made at all of our utilities. We have submitted our annual FRP filings in Arkansas, New Orleans and Louisiana. And as planned Entergy, Texas filed a rate case reflecting the significant investments we've made across transmission distribution and generation resources to better serve our Texas customers. We also demonstrated strong operational quality in the quarter. We have a flexible diverse and reliable portfolio of generation and grid infrastructure that allowed us to reliably deliver power to customers during extreme weather. In fact, all of the states we serve recorded triple-digit temperatures during the month of June and Entergy system set a new peak load in MISO. Consistent with the accelerated resilience plan we laid out in Analyst Day, Entergy, New Orleans made its initial resilience and hardening filing. The filing included $1.5 billion of hardening projects over the next 10 years, including options for several microgrids spaced in neighborhoods throughout the city. All projects proposed create customer benefits. We will work with the City Council and other stakeholders to identify the optimal set of projects for Entergy, New Orleans and we'll make a formal filing later this year to seek approval for these projects. We are working towards similar resilience filings in Entergy, Louisiana in the fourth quarter and at Entergy, Texas next year. These filings and stakeholder engagement are important steps toward our 10-year accelerated resilience plan. Our plan will reduce risk for our customers and for Entergy both in terms of reduced outages and lower storm costs and further improve our operational and balance sheet quality. Another important accomplishment is the sale of Palisades to Holtec. This represents the last major milestone in our multiyear plan to exit the merchant nuclear power business. Turning to growth. Overall, economic activity in our region was vibrant during the second quarter. Our commercial customers continue to show strong recovery from the pandemic. We've seen positive economic indicators for our residential customers. For example, the Louisiana wages increased more than 6% in 2021, which exceeded the national average. Further, Louisiana's unemployment rate hit a 50-year low 3.8% this past June. Economic development and expansion across our region is robust. And as we've discussed, Entergy is a major facilitator of this growth. Across our system, residential customer accounts continue to grow and show energy efficiency gains. Both of these trends drive improved affordability. We had significant industrial growth this past quarter, which drives economic gains for the regions we serve and the load growth helps keep bills low for all customers. As we discussed at Analyst Day, Entergy has a robust and unique growth story, stemming from our industrial customers with an expected 6% compound annual growth rate over the next five years. Commodity spreads and geopolitical conditions combined with the inherent Gulf Coast stability and competitive advantages are driving new customers to locate in our region and our existing customers to expand their businesses. Over the next five years we have line of sight to the growth we outlined with a robust pipeline of projects. As we sit today, there are 100 identified projects in the pipeline. Roughly half of these projects have already made final investment decisions comprising almost 10.5 terawatt hours of annual load potential by 2026, further highlighting our growth opportunity. Sempra Infrastructure entered into an MOU with Entergy Texas for its Port Arthur LNG plant. Phase one of this facility includes two LNG trains with gas turbine compression, representing 270 megawatts of new load. Phase two would add two additional trains with plans for electric compression that would represent approximately 600 megawatts of new load. The Port Arthur project demonstrates the strong basis for the industrial load growth we expect over the next decade. As outlined in the MOU, Entergy Texas is developing options to accelerate the deployment of new renewable generation and to increase power supply resiliency. If Sempra's Port Arthur energy were to be supplied with 100% solar, it would represent more than 2,500 megawatts of new solar generating resources. Projects like Sempra Port Arthur highlight industrial expansion, with customers striving to grow in a carbon-neutral manner. For our broader industrial customer base to achieve their decarbonization goals, it goes well beyond mitigating emissions from business growth. They must decarbonize their existing operations. As we've previously discussed, Entergy's industrial customers have significant carbon emissions, representing 15% of the nation's industrial emissions and the majority of our customers have aggressive decarbonization goals. For utility investors interested in driving decarbonization, Entergy represents a unique rate of change investment opportunity. Over the last quarter, we continued to make decarbonization progress for Entergy and our customers. Construction of Entergy Mississippi Sunflower Solar Station was completed. This 100-megawatt facility represents the first step towards Entergy Mississippi's 1,000-megawatt EDGE program which will support economic development in the state. In May, the Arkansas Public Service Commission approved our Green Promise tariff that offers 100 megawatts of capacity from Entergy Arkansas, Searcy and Chicot Solar resources for allocation to customers who signed letters of intent. We've seen robust customer demand for green products and this program is already fully subscribed. We intend to grow this tariff to accommodate the demand. Entergy Texas continued to move the Orange County Advanced Power Station through the regulatory review and approval process. When it comes online OCAPS will have the lowest heat rate of any combined-cycle plant in our fleet and will immediately provide fuel savings, reliability and environmental benefits for our customers. This hydrogen-capable facility will provide further benefits over time, through fuel diversity and long-duration clean energy storage. At our Analyst Day, we laid out a clear plan and path to support our customers' significant growth potential over the next decade. This plan calls for greater investment in clean resources and accelerated resilience to meet our customers' demands, while we maintain our focus on affordability and drive continued quality gains across all aspects of our business, consistent with our premier utility objective. Entergy has an excellent near-term growth opportunity. When considering the broader electrification and decarbonization potential, our long-term growth opportunity is even better. We are excited about our future and proud of the progress we are making towards achieving it. I will now turn the call over to Drew to review our first quarter results as well as our financial strength and outlooks.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo said, we've had a strong start to 2022, supported by our second quarter results. As you can see on slide three, our adjusted earnings were $1.78 per share. Our results included retail sales growth fueled by industrial growth and much hotter than normal weather. This strong start to the year is enabling us to flex our spending to benefit customers and we are affirming our guidance and longer-term outlooks. For 2022, we expect results within the top half of the range. In addition to EWC results, which included the sale of Palisades, the quarter's results had adjustments that rose out of two issues you've been following closely, storm cost recovery and the partial settlement on system energy cases at FERC. These developments included specific benefits for customers and reduced regulatory risk while the receipt of securitization funds also strengthened our balance sheet. We provide more details on these items in our earnings release. On Slide 4, you'll see the adjusted EPS drivers for the quarter. Retail sales were strong, partly driven by hot weather. Within our service area, cooling degree days were 15% higher than normal. All states in our service areas saw above-normal temperatures with Texas experiencing record heat. We also saw strong growth even after excluding the effects of weather. Industrial sales grew approximately 6.5% for the second straight quarter, including higher sales to existing as well as new and expansion customers. For this quarter, many of our major industrial customer segments increased with chlor alkali and LNG seeing the largest increases. Sales to cogeneration customers were also higher, comprising one-third of the total growth. You can see on Slide 5 that the fundamentals underlying our industrial growth outlook remains strong. In addition to industrial sales being higher than last year, they were also higher than our guidance expectation. The largest driver was cogeneration sales. As a reminder we don't rely on above-average cogeneration sales in our outlook. For the quarter, we also saw higher operating expenses from the effects of our ongoing customer-centric investments as well as higher other O&M, driven in part by increased spending on power delivery and customer service. This represents the beginning of the flex spending, that Leo referenced, to achieve customer outcomes for improved affordability, reliability and customer experience. The results for EWC are summarized on Slide 6. The drivers for that business continue to be the shutdown in sale of our merchant nuclear plants. Moving to Slide 7. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $278 million, a decline compared to last year. The most significant driver was natural gas prices, which were more than 150% higher than the same quarter a year ago. Our deferred fuel regulatory asset increased by more than $600 million in the quarter. We have taken steps to help customers manage fuel costs in their bills, including delaying more than $300 million of fuel collections and the SERI settlement in Mississippi among other things that we have discussed. As we also said, the good news is the forward curve calls for natural gas prices to decline. And we are seeing fundamental indicators that support this outlook. Turning to credit and liquidity on Slide 8. I'll start with our net liquidity, which is strong at $3.7 billion. That includes $323 million in storm escrows, which is important as we move through the summer. During the quarter, we received securitization proceeds in both Louisiana and Texas. As we have done with previous Louisiana securitizations, we have guaranteed savings for our customers, sharing value created from the efficient securitization structure. The guaranteed amount is about $100 million and that could eventually be higher. As you know, we reached the settlement with the Mississippi Public Service Commission for their 40% share of the SERI cases. If you are able to settle -- if we are able to settle with all parties on the same terms, that would total $588 million, including Mississippi share. Those refunds would temporarily impact FFO when cash moves to customers. The financing cost and other elements of the settlement, such as ROE and capital structure, would remain on an ongoing basis. We have not reach settlement with all parties. So without knowing the details, we have yet to decide how a full settlement would be funded. Regardless of how it's funded, our long-term objectives remain the same, achieving or exceeding 15% cash flow to debt, and 6% to 8% growth in our adjusted EPS. And any amount that we were to fund through equity could be easily achieved quietly and cost effectively through the ATM program. I would also like to highlight that we have published a sustainable financing framework, which allows us to issue green, social and sustainability directed financings to fund eligible projects that drive our business objectives, including our energy transition and resilience strategy. We engaged S&P Global to provide a second party opinion and they have affirmed the frameworks alignment with accepted principles for these types of financing instruments. Both the framework and opinion can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. A summary of our progress against our equity plan is shown on slide 9. In the second quarter, we reduced our equity needs by $250 million through our ATM program. That leaves a little more than $300 million remaining in the equity plan to be executed between now and the end of 2024. Slide 10 shows our guidance and outlook, which we are affirming today. We provided a thorough update at our Analyst Day in June, which offered a clear picture of the significant opportunities in front of us. In 2020, we reduced spending significantly in response to lower revenues from the pandemic. For 2022 as noted, we have had a strong first half of the year. Now we are flexing to increase our O&M and other costs to benefit our customers. This includes spending to improve reliability, affordability and the customer experience. Even with these initiatives, we expect results for the year to be in the top half of our guidance range, consistent with where we've been in the last several years. Regarding longer term outlooks, one recent item of note not yet reflected is the Inflation Reduction Act. Like everyone else, we are a week into the review. Overall, we are optimistic about the act's ability to create long-term economic benefits for our customers. The production tax credits will support renewable development in nuclear, which will help our customers decarbonize and reduce their exposure to natural gas prices. By leveling the playing field for renewable development with production tax credit transferability and avoidance of normalization, the act allow for greater customer economic benefits through utility ownership that provides long-term operational flexibility and investment optionality. And the act encourages emerging technologies like hydrogen and carbon capture that will help our industrial customers decarbonize. CCS and green hydrogen are part of Entergy's sizable clean electrification potential and our region is uniquely positioned to support these technologies. Finally, we expect that after the first year, most of our customers should see a benefit in their bill from production tax credits in excess of the alternative minimum tax. For Entergy that looks largely cash flow neutral after the first year, but we'll need to see the final law and work with the federal authorities and of course our retail regulators on implementation. In summary, we see the act as a positive. At Analyst Day, we discussed how we are demonstrating strong financial quality. We have a unique and significant sales growth opportunity due to organic industrial growth and decarbonization. We have a robust plan to invest in clean and renewable resources and improve the resilience of our grid. We also have a plan to achieve 6% to 8% EPS growth. And at the same time, we're focused on balance sheet quality and reducing risk. While our employees will always remain focused on our customers and all that we do, they remain world-class at getting stuff done with a track record of delivering on our commitments to prove it, we plan to continue that success. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Your question please.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning Leo and team, it's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on a great quarter.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Constantine Lednev: I wanted to start off on the strong results for the quarter and some of the changes in assumptions for 2022 guidance. You're now in the top half, obviously, and you have a big EPS offset for the remainder of the year in the O&M flex category, but whether it keeps looking strong. And how does that potentially set, a base for growth in 2023? And maybe just curious, on the recurring elements in this slice, and how that carries into 2023 assumptions and contingency. 
Drew Marsh: Sure. This is Drew, and I'll start and Leo, can add in. So I think, we're planning to -- as you say we would expect to be in the top half of the range, as we're thinking about the impact and the things that we are doing, certainly it's encouraging to see a lot of the growth, from our customer base. Not all of that I would say is, growth that we would expect on a continuing basis. As I referenced in my remarks, some of that is cogeneration. And we would expect a more normalized cogeneration rate, on an ongoing basis. In terms of, the line items you specifically referenced the O&M obviously, we do have much more sales. We do have some higher costs, that come along with that. That's a chunk of, what you're seeing there. We also talked about customer initiatives last week. We had the press release talking and Leo referenced, some of the things that we're doing to help our customers out. That is in the works, and is part of what you see reflected in 2022, outlook and guidance there. And also in the O&M, we have a couple of other operational items. Visitation management, is a big piece of it, as well as some investments to help for reliability, the O&M components of those incremental investments so some investments, to improve our customer experience, working in the contact centers and things like that, to help our customers out particularly, at this point in time. So there's a number of investments that, while I would say, aren't specifically pulling out 2023 although, there is a little bit of that they are working to continue to derisk 2023 and beyond, by creating more continuous improvement, opportunities today, that should be lasting on an ongoing basis. And so, I don't know Leo or Rod, if you don't have anything, you want to add to that? 
Leo Denault: I think, that's fair. We're encouraged by the beginning of the year. We're using that -- those results to make sure, that we're doing the right things for our customers here and now, and certainly see a lot of reasons, why that industrial load growth should continue, not only this year but for years to come, to support our outlook. 
Q  Constantine Lednev: Excellent. That's, helpful. And on the litigated process for SERI at FERC. The Mississippi settlement obviously, took care of a large portion of the dispute. I think they're one of the major parties, but other parties are less willing to accept those terms, in their comments. How should we think about the process, and kind of options going forward here? Where the settlement currently -- has currently structured fit, within that longer-term 6% to 8% guidance, are the impacts kind of above or below the midpoint, as they're currently set? 
Leo Denault: Rod, why don't you give them the process and then Drew, you can help out on that. 
Rod West: Yes. So from a process standpoint, the conversations and negotiations with the other jurisdictions are ongoing. And they took their -- they made their public stance, in response to the Mississippi filing, but we're not in a position to opine or disclose anything further, as it relates to where those negotiations stand, but you should know that we're in active conversations, with each of those jurisdictions notwithstanding their public position, on the Mississippi settlement. I will note, that the FERC trial staff, and we thought this was constructive stated that the settlement was fair and reasonable and in the public interest. And it is our position, that that's a constructive framework for our ongoing conversations, with each of those individual jurisdictions. 
Drew Marsh: And then regarding the financials, we have in our outlook we've reflected the collective of the Mississippi settlements, on an ongoing basis. And once we do have some -- since we're ongoing discussions, with everyone we wouldn't comment on ROEs, or capital structures or anything else beyond that at this time. 
Q  Constantine Lednev: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for taking my questions.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning and thank you.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Paul.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Paul
Paul Zimbardo: And just to make sure I understand correctly, it sounded like under the draft IRA, you believe the regulated nuclear assets will be eligible for the production tax credits. And just if you could talk about how that could work in the regulated construct. That would be helpful. 
Drew Marsh: Sure. Paul, this is Drew. We do think that they are eligible based on our reading of the act. As you know, our nuclear units do compete in the MISO markets. They bid their power in every day. And so we have a busbar price  a wholesale market price and that's the revenue that comes to the company every day because it ultimately gets netted off in rates and stuff like that through the normal regulatory process. But we do participate in the wholesale power markets every day. And so that's how we believe we'd be eligible.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. I understand. That makes sense. And then shifting over to coal. And if you could talk about the Texas rate case filing and the new target dates for Nelson and Big Cajun, it seems like you're accelerating there. And just broadly how could some of the more stringent EPA NOX requirements lead to changes in coal timing renewables and related? 
Rod West: It's, Rod. I can frame up the Texas rate case filing. Between October and through the end of the year, you'll see the procedural schedule laid out and I'll direct you to Page 34 of our materials just for some context. But it's about $131 million base rate change in our case and our proposed ROE is 10.8%, reflecting a 10.5% midpoint with the 30%  I mean the 30 bps performance adder with equity ratio around 51%. And the procedural schedules laid out as is and certainly reflects the continuing benefit of our transmission, distribution and generation riders as we move to incorporate OCAPS and other assets in our capital plan. 
Drew Marsh: Yes. And this is Drew. On the coal piece, I'll say it's not really much of a factor in the Texas case right now. And of course as you know Paul with high gas prices there's not a lot of economic appetite to accelerate retirements right now. But I would say that and you referenced that the new rules that are  that could come out soon that could cause us to make some significant investments in our coal facilities in order to become compliant with that. If those do materialize and they come in within the timeframe that we're already contemplating that that could be an accelerator of retirement. We certainly wouldn't make significant large capital investments in those coal plants to satisfy those things on a very short timeframe of benefit. So that would be a consideration on the time line of our coal plan if and when those rules come about.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you.
Drew Marsh: Thanks, Paul. And I'll add one more thing. We do not have a lot of control technologies on our coal plants today. And so there would be a lot of incremental investment for us. So I just make sure that that's clear as well.
Paul Zimbardo: Yes, thank you.
Operator: And our next comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with Entergy, New Orleans and the resilience filing there. Have there been any initial reactions that you could share with us or other takeaways, especially as we think about Louisiana and Texas on this front? 
Rod West: It's Rod. Initial reactions to the actual filing has been constructive. Obviously, the details are all in the pace of the investment. And certainly given the current economic environment what's the build impact. We expect the council is going to set additional technical conferences if you will. We have one schedule later, I believe on the 18th of this month. But the council will ultimately direct us to make a filing more in line with where the thinking is that might show up later on probably in the end of the third quarter into the fourth. But the reaction has been constructive. But let's be clear, our efforts right now are focused on addressing some of the near-term challenges that our customers are facing with inflation and the impact of the gas prices in New Orleans. And that's taking up at least the near-term mind share for the council. But we're -- we think it's a constructive reaction thus far and you'll see in the fall the council's procedural schedule, kind of, laying out where we go from here. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Yes. That was kind of the next part of the question here. Just conversations in Louisiana talking about higher customer bills as you talked about in your prepared remarks there. And so do you see -- what type of role do you see this playing against conversations for CapEx at large and particularly on the resiliency front given the inflationary pressures that you talked about there?
Rod West: We are aligned on the objectives and why we're -- why we've been focused on the resiliency conversation. We moved back the resiliency filing in Louisiana to October to give us an opportunity to better refine the benefit case that we expect to make to with the commission. But Louisiana the same with New Orleans and our other jurisdictions, they are very much focused on providing relief to our customers in the near-term, but we are very much aligned with the commission on this resiliency conversation. And also I'll make this point. There's nothing about the timing of our October resiliency plans for Louisiana that changes our current plan. So both the timing and the way in which we laid out our capital plan for near-term resiliency spend in Louisiana is unchanged by then. So more to come as we work through the summer and get further into through the rate -- the formula rate plans and hurricane season, but the early indications are we still remain very much aligned with the regulators on the objective of resiliency. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And just a last one if I could here, as it relates to equity needs in 2025 and 2026. While the ATM can satisfy these needs here, just wondering how you think about asset recycling at this point, if this is on the table, or could you speak to broader considerations here? 
Drew Marsh: Yes. Well we talked to -- thanks Jeremy, it's Drew. We talked about that at Analyst Day. So I think there's not really anything different than what we discussed at the Analyst Day. You know, there's a valuation difference between the private capital markets and the public capital markets, which causes us to explore this idea. And -- but it's not an easy track to go down as we've discussed in the past. It's not like depending on how you go about it it's not necessarily like financing equity in the public capital markets. So it could take a lot longer there could be more risk to it. So those are things that we're thinking about when we think about what we're calling strategic financing because they have to line up more strategically at the same time. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. I will leave there. Thanks.
Drew Marsh: Thank you. 
Rod West: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research Partners. Your question please.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Can I just ask about the -- you mentioned that you've deferred $300 million of fuel I think. Is that the extent of what you're proposing to do on that particular tool or is that just what you'd recognize through second quarter this June balance sheet? 
Drew Marsh: That's what we have proposed to the retail regulators in terms of delaying collection of deferred fuel. So on the balance sheet
Jonathan Arnold: To the balance sheet.
Drew Marsh: That's what we have proposed to the retail regulators in terms of delaying collection of deferred fuel. So on the balance sheet you have at the end of the second quarter all the incremental $600 million of deferred fuel. And so -- some of it being delayed until the fall some of it might be delayed until next year. And a bulk of it is in Louisiana. I think we're about $130 million-ish in Louisiana and smaller amounts in other jurisdictions. 
Jonathan Arnold: So, that's sort of the current proposal across the portfolio and to the rest of the deferred fuel from in first half of the year we should see that sort of catch up a little quicker. 
Drew Marsh: Well, I would say that that is pretty recent. That's June and July deferrals, I think maybe there's a little bit of August even in there. So, we are pretty current on how we're thinking about that. I'm not -- I guess Jonathan you're asking are we going to see a whole bunch more of delaying I think we're most of the way through the summer at this point and I would not expect that to continue on into the fall.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then could you just sort of maybe help frame for us a little bit some of the other things you're doing to try and mitigate pressure on customers maybe sort of put some quantification around that in the context of the fuel deferral number? Is that the biggest thing? I'm guessing it probably is but just curious about what are the other pieces of the strategy. 
Rod West: Yes. And this is Rod. Leo made reference -- the fuel deferral would be I believe the biggest by way of single financial impact across customer classes. But what we're offering to do is as Leo mentioned, $10 million towards bill assistance programs across our jurisdictions. There's a moratorium on disconnects coming out of New Orleans. We're voluntarily offering that up for our other jurisdictions. There's a credit card fee waivers -- late fee waivers that we're working our way through in different jurisdictions on top of the bill payment programs that Leo walked through in his opening comments the objective being to give customers some relief during what we see as this convergence, particularly in Louisiana and New Orleans where the high usage is intersecting with the high gas prices and where Louisiana and New Orleans are perhaps different than some of the other jurisdictions is the fuel recovery mechanisms or capturing that impact that high gas impact on a monthly basis. And so these are short-term relief efforts on our part to answer the call for our customers with the support of our regulators and we expect that to sort of play itself out through the end of the cooling season. So, in that October-November timeframe, we'll revisit with our regulators where we are on the relief package. And I don't want to understate the significance of what Drew referenced in terms of our ongoing investment strategy on behalf of customers that have far greater long-term impact that lower customer bills in addition to the robust growth story in the industrial sector that also benefits that bill path for customers over the long haul so--
Leo Denault: The only thing I would add to that Jonathan is certainly for Mississippi customers the SERI settlement is probably the biggest bang for the buck that we've had in terms of near-term bill relief.
Jonathan Arnold: Could you just remind us the SERI [indiscernible]
Drew Marsh: I was going to add Jon the securitization that we did we got $100 million of benefits to Louisiana customers. I mean there's a number of things that we've done that have some big dollars associated with them. We haven't really talked about our gas hedging program that's been beneficial to the customers in these high gas price environment. So there's a number of things that we've done to help mitigate customer bills. 
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you. Could I just ask about SERI that that settlement goes into effect regardless of not having reached agreement with the parties correct? And then what's the timing on when that benefit flows?
Rod West: Yes that is correct. We're seeking -- we're asking FERC essentially approve and ratify that settlement by November, but Mississippi is already taking steps to put that -- the benefits to customers in place. So -- but November is the time frame from a FERC perspective. 
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then just maybe finally, you -- well you reflected the Mississippi aspect of this settlement in guidance. Is that the gross impact assuming others went down a similar trajectory, or is it just the discrete Mississippi piece?
Drew Marsh: Right now, it's assuming a grossed-up element, an inclusive everybody got the same as Mississippi, but we're not commenting beyond that about where it might end up given we have ongoing discussions.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. But you've got at least that in that?
Drew Marsh: Yeah.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you very much guys.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
David Arcaro: Oh, hi, good morning. I was curious on the Inflation Reduction Act. Do you have a view at this stage just how much that could improve your competitiveness on the renewables front and whether it could unlock additional opportunity to rate base renewables within the play going forward versus the proportion that you've been assuming thus far?
Drew Marsh: Yeah. I don't have numbers that I can tell you right now David, but I will say that we do believe that it does level up the playing field for us. We don't have to go through the normalization efforts. We can find -- assuming this all goes through, we might not have to do the tax equity partnerships that we do it eliminate some of the friction associated with that and allow us to go ahead and deploy more capital. So I think those are all positive from a utility perspective, from an ownership perspective. The customers as I said in my remarks will also benefit from that because they'll get the benefit of ongoing operational improvements that we come up with. Those wouldn't necessarily accrue to a third-party, they would accrue to our customers. It creates optionality around the assets, increases the operational flexibility. If there's a problem with the assets we can respond more quickly, don't have to work through a third-party storm situation the like. So there's a lot of benefits associated with utility ownership that are harder whenever we were structurally disadvantaged before. But now the customers will get the full benefit of those things. So we think that that will be accruing to customers over the long-term. But I don't have the exact number for you right now.
David Arcaro: Great. Yeah. Thanks. That's helpful. And you had also mentioned on the cash flow side of things. It sounded like it was neutral. Is the way to think about that that you're already planning to see a cash tax bill that's at least at the level of the AMT that's been floated out there such that there wouldn't be an incremental cash flow drag as you see it?
Leo Denault: David, this is Leo. I don't think that's the case. I think it's just the case that we'll be able to utilize the credits against the AMT plus, the transferability of the credit allows for us to be able to get that to neutral.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. And I will add that that's an ongoing basis. I referenced the first year. There is a timing element that's out there that we had to pay close attention to between the A&T starting in 2023. And the bulk of our tax credits would be from the nuclear tax credit and those would start until 2024. So there's that 2023 gap that we'll have to figure out how to work through. The good news is it should be an offset to deferred taxes. So that means our rate base should go up. But we got to work through that. We got to get the final bill work through that with retail regulators talk to rating agencies and the like.
David Arcaro: Yeah. Okay. Thanks. So that does assume essentially that you get the nuclear tax credits that you're able to collect them and that's what helps you offset that AMT cash drag?
Drew Marsh: Correct, correct.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Got it. Thanks so much.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Paz from Wolfe Research. Your question, please.
David Paz: Hey, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Hi, David.
David Paz: Just on Grand Gulf according to the NRC data, it's been down since July 12. I just wanted to know why has it been down? When do you expect it to come back online? And then maybe just remind us, in terms of the mechanisms you have in place for replacement costs and so forth? Thank you.
Leo Denault: Yeah. As far as operationally David, I will get into the technical details, but we had a couple of pieces of equipment that had issues. So we had to take the plant offline to fix those issues and that's ongoing. Plants should be online pretty quickly, and ready to roll after the recent refueling outage is, where we replaced a lot of equipment and on the backs of last year's record run. Kind of while we're talking about nuclear, I will just point out, because it happened today the River Bend station now had its longest continuous run online too. So congratulations to them. As far as the mechanism Rod, I don't know, if you want to  
Rod West: Yeah, it's a monthly formula rate plan where the flow-through of cost of operating the plant are part of the FRP. 
Drew Marsh: And the contracts back to the operating companies are unit contingent. So they would just replace the purchase power in the market as they do every day and that would flow through the fuel costs.
Rod West: Of each of the individual 
Drew Marsh: As each of the individual operating companies.
Rod West: Correct. 
David Paz: Got it. Okay. Make sense. Thank you.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great quarter, and thank you for taking question. I don't know, if this is a Leo or Rod one, but I'm just curious process-wise, the grid hardening or the system hardening proposals in Louisiana and Texas, how does that  how do you think that will look from a docket perspective? And how will  what you're thinking about recommending there how will that mature? How will that interface with the existing ratemaking structures that are already in place in those states meaning the formula rate plans in Louisiana and the DCRF and the transmission recovery and the general rate case process in Texas?
Rod West: Hey, Michael, it's Rod. We had a  we covered it at an Analyst Day, but the point being it depends on the timing of our agreement in say in Louisiana, how the state of Louisiana thinks about the capital plan around resiliency is going to determine whether we think we can flow through the capital cost through the existing FRP and recovery riders, or if there's going to be a need for anything else. And again, that's a function of sizing, because what we talked about on Analyst Day for our capital program was that we would go from $2 million to $4 million around accelerated resiliency where a chunk of  the larger chunk of that would be in Louisiana and we would do it through existing mechanisms. And whether we needed anything different would be dependent upon how the commission worked through with us around the pace and timing of capital spend. Texas is a little -- and so that process will begin when we make the filing that we currently planned in October. In Texas, the way that we sequenced the accelerated resilience filing in Texas, we pushed that back into 2023, given that the timing around the rate case and OCAPS shifted a bit and we want to sequence, the resiliency filing to fall in place behind both OCAPS and the rate case. And the dynamic is not radically different than the way we're thinking about it in Louisiana. Again, depending upon how the commission thinks through and certainly our customers think through the pacing of resiliency spend in Texas, then the question becomes, can we accommodate that CapEx through the existing T&D recovery riders, or if there's a need for -- as we described it, a tweak in the regulatory recovery mechanisms. And those remain -- that remains to be seen Michael, but the thinking is the same.
Leo Denault: And Michael, this is Leo. I'll just add that in addition to, as Rod said, kind of, how do they fit size-wise underneath pre-existing regulatory mechanisms. There is the nuance around assets that we want to replace that are not yet fully depreciated. And that's a tweak, to use Rod's word, that we might need to look at. And as you recall, that's the same tweak we needed in regulatory process for AMI across jurisdictions where we are taking out meters that worked, but we're replacing them with meters that we're going to lower cost and improve service levels to customers in the future. The dynamic here is the same. We've got the $2 billion -- the $2.2 billion that we've got in the plan already that fits under the current regulatory mechanisms along that sizing, as Rod mentioned, as well as fully depreciated property mechanism. But as you know, our regulators have been publicly supporting replacing equipment that was built 15 years ago to when the standards were different across the industry with the new standard equipment, we need to get that placed out as to how are you going to recover the dollars for that existing equipment that's not fully depreciated. Again, precedent across every jurisdiction with the meters, same concept, but that's an added -- again to use Rod's word, tweak that we probably have to make sure we're getting throughout those jurisdictions.
Michael Lapides: Do you need -- thank you for that, Leo and Rod. Just a quick follow-up on the Louisiana side. You have a lag right now in Louisiana, right? Louisiana, I would argue, is maybe one of the harder places to earn authorized for you guys? Do you worry that if you don't get a change in rate making, meaning somehow a more forward-looking structure to the formula rate plan, that's simply using the existing construct would simply add to the lag?
Rod West: It's always a concern. And our primary objective is to match the CapEx for customer benefits with the recovery mechanisms for the stakeholders and including you guys. So yes, that is a constant tension as we work through the forward-looking view of our capital plan and recovery mechanisms, Michael. So it is very much a part of the conversation.
Drew Marsh: And Louisiana has some good precedence around this. I mean, Leo was talking about AMI and the AMI dockets in Louisiana, we were able to get more contemporaneous recovery. And of course on the capacity side, we have a long history of getting generation assets into rates when they get to COD. So I think there is examples of how this could work differently in Louisiana, but we certainly echo Rod's concern.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys. Much appreciate it.
Rod West: Thanks, Michael.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock. Your question please.
Paul Patterson: Hey, guys. Good to hear voice. Just procedurally back to the SERI settlement, it seemed like no party. Well, at least none of the state commissions objected to the settlement at all. Is there any reason why the November approval can't happen any earlier, or how should we think about that the potential for the FERC approval assuming that they approve it?
Rod West: Yeah. it's the FERC that drives -- we don't get to tell FERC and I say this respectfully. We don't get to tell FERC what their procedural schedule needs to be, but we're certainly they're usually sensitive to certainly us and other stakeholders when there's an objective to particularly in this instance where we're trying to reduce the overall noise around SERI and the risk associated with it and the potential benefit for customers that tends to resonate it. So it's as soon as possible as far as we are concerned, but we're always weaving in our interest with those of our other stakeholders in first docket, which as you might imagine has more than Entergy to contemplate. So we're grateful for whatever FERC is able to do to accelerate the consideration of this customer beneficial settlement in Mississippi.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. And then in terms of the -- some of the parties are suggesting sort of bifurcating or splitting up some of the proceedings or what have you. And I realize that what their public documents and the discussions you're having. But just in general, if my -- I mean correct me, if I'm wrong with the most favored nation -- I'm not completely clear on this. With the most favored nation provision in the settlement, if there's a litigated portion that portion is not subject to the most favored nation adjustment. Is that correct?
Rod West: I think you got that right.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay. Thats it for me. Thanks so much.
Rod West: Thank you, Paul.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Bill Abler for any further remarks.
Bill Abler: Thank you, Jonathan, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of our regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:05 Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. 00:24 I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Bill Abler, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
William Abler: 00:32 Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO will review results. In effort to accommodate everyone who ask questions, we request to each person ask no more than two question. 00:51 In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. 01:08 Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. 01:22 And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: 01:24 Thank you, Bill and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting first quarter adjusted earnings of $1.32 per share, a very good start for the year. With favorable weather and higher-than-planned retail sales, we are ahead of schedule and solidly on track to achieve our 2022 objectives. And we remain on track for our longer-term outlooks. During the quarter, we continued to execute on both our near and long-term deliverables, just as we have over the last several years. We've made demonstrable progress on our operational, strategic and financial objectives. 02:03 Operationally, I'll start with some notable regulatory updates. We've continued to make meaningful progress on storm cost recovery. Texas is done and Louisiana's securitization proceeds from the 2020 storms, plus $1 billion towards IDA will be completed in the coming weeks. Entergy Louisiana's filing for the balance of IDA will be completed within the coming days, and the Entergy New Orleans filing will follow later this year. A financially strong utility is important for customers. Drew will discuss how securitization progress supports our balance sheet strength. 02:44 As expected, Entergy Mississippi filed its annual formula rate plan which enables continued customer-centric investment and supports our financial outlooks. We're continuing to drive progress on enhancing the resilience of our system, which benefits customers that supports local economic activity as well as our growth plan. Entergy Louisiana completed an important transmission upgrade in the southern part of the state. This $86 million project replaced approximately 80 structures to increase resilience along several miles of critical path transmission in La Pouch Paris, an area that was severely affected by Hurricane Ida last year. To create a solid foundation, the new infrastructure is placed in steel cases. 03:32 The line was built to withstand wind speeds of 150 miles per hour and will improve the resilience of the electric system. Entergy Louisiana also completed a $100 million project in North Louisiana, that positions the region for economic growth. The West Monroe project will provide additional transition capacity, improve reliability and is built to withstand extreme weather events. What that means for customers is enhanced reliability and resilience, better integration of clean generating resources and economic benefits to improved access to lower cost of power. Bottom line, the Entergy team continues to focus on delivering operational excellence across all facets of our business. 04:15 Strategically, I'll start with our merchant business wind down. The last step in our merchant nuclear exit is nearly complete. Palisades is on track to shut down at the end of May with the sale to Holtec following around mid-year. The Palisades team is fishing strong, and I would like to thank them for their dedicated service. We have worked to help employees with their career goals beyond the plant shutdown. Many will continue to work for Entergy at other locations. Some will continue to work for Holtec on decommissioning and others are retiring. 04:50 As you know, DOE recently announced a program to save nuclear plants that are about to shut down. Michigan's Governor issued a letter encouraging utilization of this program to keep Palisades open. We are supportive of federal initiatives to keep nuclear plants operating. However, we are five years into Palisades shutdown process. We're far down the path. There are significant technical and commercial hurdles to changing course at this point. That said, alongside Holtec, we will work with any qualified party that wants to explore acquiring the plant and obtaining federal funding. 05:29 But I do want to be very clear, this does not change our strategy. Entergy is exiting the merchant nuclear business, even if Palisades continues to operate as a part of Entergy. Across all of our operating companies, we continue to be a critical partner to support strong economic development, bringing new businesses, new jobs and new tax base in the communities we serve. For example, Entergy Arkansas, along with the Wynne Economic Development Corporation announced completion of the select site certification for a 37-acre industrial site. Certification streamlines site selection process. Initiatives like this help track new businesses and new projects like the U.S. Steel expansion that was announced earlier this year. 06:17 Over the past five years, our economic development team has helped bring to provision close to 300 announced projects, $42 billion of capital investments, and more than 25,000 jobs. These outcomes have been critical to the economic health of our communities and have been a significant factor in the 9% cumulative industrial sales growth we've achieved over the past five years. And we continue to expect significant industrial expansion in the next several years. 06:50 As we have discussed, growth from our industrial customers has been driven in large part by cost, labor, logistics and regulatory advantages of the Gulf Coast as well as favorable commodity spreads, which continue to support expansion. Further, the current geopolitical state of the world makes the U.S. and the Gulf Coast in particular, a top choice for stability. 07:15 LNG exporters in the Gulf are being called on to expand production to help reduce Europe's reliance on Russian energy influence. This opportunity represents a win for our customers, communities and owners, not to mention the community. To help support our customers' growth and decarbonization objectives are driving progress to expand our renewables footprint. As of today, we have approximately 650 megawatts of renewable capacity in service. 625 megawatts of solar projects approved by regulators and in progress, 725 megawatts of announced projects and up to 4,000 megawatts of RFPs. That's more than half of the 11,000 megawatts of renewable resources in our supply plan through 2030. 08:05 We've made progress identifying new resources and active RFPs. Since our last call, Entergy Texas concluded evaluations of its 2021 solar RFP. Several resources were selected totaling at least 400 megawatts from owned and contracted proposals. We also made selections from the Louisiana and Arkansas 2021 RFPs earlier in the year. We will provide additional details about the resources selected from these proposals once parties reach definitive agreements. 08:39 We are also soliciting the next round of renewables. Entergy Arkansas recently issued its RFP seeking up to 500 megawatts of renewables to provide cost-effective clean energy, which furthers fuel diversity. Entergy Louisiana also issued notice to proceed with renewable RFP seeking up to 1,500 megawatts in Louisiana. Our customers' demand for decarbonization solutions, including green products is not slowing down. The long-term solar market continues to look favorable based on an improving technology curve and higher natural gas price scenarios. However, we fully recognize the near-term cost and schedule pressures that solar projects are facing. 09:25 Supply chain constraints have been exacerbated by the Department of Commerce investigation, which we expect will drive additional delays and the potential for further cost increases. These dynamics are affecting the entire U.S. solar industry, but we are continuing to work through these constraints and are executing on our solar expansion plans. It's important to note that not all of our projects are affected. For example, Sunflower solar in Mississippi, our only owned project coming online this year as its panels on site installation is nearly complete. 10:01 Entergy's owned solar represents a relatively small portion of our three-year $12 million capital plan. Roughly half of owned projects in the three-year horizon are not experiencing impacts of recent marketing constraints. A greater portion of our own projects are expected in the latter half of the decade, which would be past the current working insurance. As we've said before, we have a large backlog of customer-centric investments with the ability to rotate capital into our plan as an opening presents itself. The bottom line is that we recognize the near and medium-term constraints, still see strong market fundamentals in the long term supports our supply demand and customer objectives. 10:47 On our last call, we told you about the new U.S. Steel expansion. In support of this project and the customers' decarbonization goals, Entergy Arkansas filed for approval to acquire the 250 megawatt driver solar facility. Driver solar is an example of how we can partner with customers with their sustainability needs while accelerating the growth of our renewable portfolio in our regulated framework. It also highlights our unique growth strategy to help customers achieve the outcomes they desire, which in turn drives the outcomes for all Entergys stakeholders through more jobs and economic activity in our service area, increased capital deployment to support electrification, low growth to offset costs and higher rate of change towards societal decarbonization. 11:38 Nuclear also plays a critical role in our customer decarbonization strategy. Entergy is one of the cleanest large-scale fleets in the nation due to our nuclear fleet. Customers are increasingly highlighting access to carbon renewable resources is key to economic development. They are looking to reduce their carbon footprint and many are indifferent to the type of carbon-free technology. We continue to see examples in the industry that reinforce the need to balance reliability, supportability, environmental sustainability. Entergy's resource planning has always balanced these objectives. Our baseload nuclear plays an important role. 12:20 We have discussed the sizable long-term opportunity for Entergy to help our industrial customers decarbonize and achieve their sustainability unit levels. We had estimate an addressable market of approximately 30 terawatt hours by 2030. To put that into context, that's about 25% of our 2021 total retail sales. That's not to say that we capture the entire market, but we're working how to serve our customers' needs and maximize this opportunity. With many carbon reduction goals coming past 2030, achieve greater opportunities beyond the next 10 years. 12:59 Realizing this growth requires significant investment benefits to all stakeholders. This will include meaningful transmission and distribution investments to reliably serve the expansion of our renewable beyond the [indiscernible] in our current 2030 resource. Financially, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet. Beyond the securitization progress that I mentioned, also significantly reduced our remaining growth equity needs through 2020. Currently, only 25% of the original amount discussed at our 2020 Analyst Day remains. We are on track to achieve steady predictable growth adjusted EPS in dividends, the opportunity to do even better. 13:44 We're very excited about our upcoming Analyst Day on June 16. We'll use that opportunity to provide a closer look into our multiyear strategy and financial plans. That includes our plans to quickly advance resilient investment in our coastal region to lower storm risk for our system, our communities and our customers. And to further expand our renewables portfolio to support our customers' decarbonization goals. 14:13 As I said, we've had a productive start to 2022, and we will continue to successfully achieve the milestones that keep us on track to deliver steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth while maximizing operating efficiencies and investments to make our system most resilient, reliable, clean and affordable it can be. These are the outcomes our customers want by delivering them to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders. 14:41 Before I conclude, I encourage you to see our recently released 2021 integrated report, "The Future is on". The report lays out how we delivered results in 2021, discusses why we're optimistic and excited about Entergy's future. You can see how we integrate the environmental, social and governance objectives to all we do. 15:04 I'll now turn the call over to Drew to review our first quarter results as well as our financial strength and outlooks.
Andrew Marsh: 15:12 Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting strong results for the first quarter. As you can see on Slide 3, we had adjusted earnings of $1.32 per share. The drivers are straightforward and keep us solidly on track to achieve our financial objectives for the year. We remain confident in our continued success and we are affirming our guidance and longer-term outlook. 15:37 Turning to Slide 4, you'll see the drivers for the quarter. As a result of our continued customer-centric investments, we saw higher levels of revenue as well as higher depreciation and interest expenses. Other O&M increases included higher customer service support and nuclear generation expenses. 15:56 Results for EWC are summarized on Slide 5. The drivers for that business are largely due to the shutdown sale of Indian Point last year. As Leo mentioned, we expect to complete our exit of the merchant nuclear business in the coming months. That will be a major strategic milestone. 16:19 Moving to Slide 6. Operating cash flow for the quarter was higher than last year at $538 million. Higher utility revenue, lower fuel and purchase power payments and lower pension contributions were the largest drivers. As a reminder, fuel and purchase power payments were significantly impacted by winter storm Uri in 2021. Non-capital storm spending was higher than last year, which provided a partial offset. 16:48 Turning to credit and liquidity on Slide 7. We continue to make progress on securitizations that will strengthen our balance sheet to produce significant cost savings for our customers. Our regulators recognize that financially healthy utilities benefit our customers. To that end, Entergy Texas recently completed securitization for its 2020 storms. And on the day of our last call, the LPSC approved storm recovery and financing for the 2020 storm plus $1 million down payment on Hurricane Ida. 17:22 The approval included replenishment of Louisiana storm escrow to $290 million. Louisiana securitization is expected to be off balance sheet, and we anticipate a $3.2 billion issuance in the coming weeks. Entergy Louisiana plans to file for Ida cost recovery in the coming days, as Leo mentioned, we are targeting to receive proceeds by year-end. The timing of recovery ultimately depend on procedural schedule approved by the commission. 17:53 Entergy New Orleans is seeking approval on the New Orleans City Council to issue $150 million in securitized bonds to replenish the company's storm reserve. If approved, this reserve would enhance credit and ability to respond to potential future storms. In addition, ENO plans to file for Ida cost recovery later this year. Our net liquidity at the end of the quarter was $3.5 billion, being further supported by the tax securitization proceeds received on April 1, and the $3.2 billion Louisiana securitization proceeds once they are received. 18:33 Beyond securitization and liquidity, we continue to focus on resilience, which we will discuss in detail at our Analyst Day. Part of that discussion will include how we are actively applying for federal funding to help pay for resilience investments and mitigate customer insights. 18:53 Looking at Slide 8. It's been approximately two months since our last earnings call. And that time, we have reduced our equity needs by nearly $170 million through our ATM program, with roughly $570 million remaining to be executed between now and the end of 2024. Given the small amount, our plan is to close out the remaining days with the ATM program. 18:53 The four sectors shown on Slide 9 represent nearly half of our industrial sales. And the fundamentals for our industrial customers remained robust in support of continued growth expansion. In addition, expansion of LNG export facilities is coming into spotlight again. Majority of these potential LNG expansion projects will provide and expand Entergy service territories. 19:43 Looking forward to Slide 10, we have a solid base plan with good visibility to achieve our guidance and outlook. We are also monitoring situations surrounding inflation and interest rates. We did not see a meaningful impact on our operational results, and we remain on track to achieve our annual cost estimate. As a result, we are affirming our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range as well as our longer-term outlook. 20:13 As we move towards Analyst Day in New York, in June, we're executing on our operational, strategic and financial objectives and building on a solid foundation. In New York, we'll share our longer-term views on customer-centric investments and financial outlooks. And we look forward to seeing you there. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: 20:37 [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your question please.
Shar Pourreza: 20:58 Hey, guys.
Leo Denault: 21:00 Good morning
Shar Pourreza: 21:02 Leo, from your prepared remarks, just quickly on Palisades, should we assume you don't want to even remain a short-term owner until the asset is potentially sold? So viability of the asset is really a Holtec question or could there be changes to the Holtec agreement? And maybe just elaborate a little bit on some of the technical challenges like refueling and the capital that's needed to halt decommissioning and can they even be overcome?
Leo Denault: 21:32 Yeah. I'm nearly not going to, Shar, get into any kind of details about what would or wouldn't work. The technical details, though, around operations, the plant will have to stop operating in May because we'll be out of fuel. We haven't ordered fuel. There's a lot of work that would need to be done at the plants to prepare it to continue to operate beyond that cycle. And we really haven't done the investigation into what that work would be because as you might guess, we have been planning for five years to shut the plant down. We do have an agreement with Holtec and obviously, that has certain features in it that by and large, have all been -- all the conditions have been met, except for the plant is still operating. So it's just a real heavy lift at the last hour. 22:27 And as I said, we couldn't be more supportive of the fact that continuing operation of the country's nuclear fleet is important, the reliability of the bulk electric system and to the ability for us to decarbonize the economy, shutting those plants down is just moving backwards. But -- so I'm encouraged by those -- what DOE has got going on for future plants just at this stage with Palisades. It's just a really heavy lift is all we're saying at this moment.
Shar Pourreza: 23:04 Got it. And then just on credit metrics and equity would you guys potentially trending above your thresholds. Do you see any opportunities to maybe further downsize your $570 million of remaining needs? And as you're kind of getting closer to hitting your credit metrics and prepare to roll forward your capital plan, do you anticipate any improvements in credit metric thresholds especially as the business mix has improved and storm funding is moving closer to resolution? So would like, for instance, an improvement in thresholds, let's say, the 12% to 13% effectively leave you over equitized versus the current projections?
Andrew Marsh: 23:45 Yeah, Shar, this is Drew. So in terms of opportunities out there that could continue to change or improve around our credit metrics, obviously. The one that we cited, I think, last -- at the end of last year, I guess, on the last call, was around pension. And certainly, interest rates are changing that pension liability. The returns associated with the trust supporting the pension aren't as good as we were anticipating either all that kind of balancing out. That is something that we are watching closely, if rates continue to stay high and returns turn come back around to -- closer to our expectations, then it could create some more headroom in our credit metric. That's probably the one that we are looking at most closely right now, so we're monitoring that. 24:44 In terms of, obviously, we need to get the securitizations done. We need those to be off sheet as we've discussed. Those things are going to be big milestones in terms of taking some debt off of our balance sheet. And -- but we're watching that closely as well. Outside of that, our expectations around capital, which obviously also drives our equity needs. Those are things that we're watching closely. We do have some capital associated with solar in the near term. And we can -- I'm sure there's going to be a question on the call about that. We can talk about that here in a minute. But we have other capital projects that are waiting in the wings, particularly around resilience. So if there is extra headroom for us because of delays in solar, there's quite a bit of resilience investments that our customers are waiting on and expect us to achieve if there's an opportunity. So I don't anticipate any extra room from the capital side going forward.
Shar Pourreza: 25:51 Got it. And then just one quick follow-up, if I may, and I appreciate that. It's just on your Analyst Day. I know -- I mean, obviously, you guys talked about resiliency and sort of the green tariffs. Just given the timing of sort of the regulatory initiatives and the technical conferences, I know you obviously highlighted how they would fit in with the Analyst Day. But should we specifically think about the Analyst Day as a roll forward of your base plan and you'll qualitatively maybe discuss these opportunities with some scenario, back testing analysis? Or could we actually see some of the spending actually rolled into the capital plan? Thanks.
Leo Denault: 26:28 Well, I think, Shar, we're going to let the punch lines of Analyst Day show up on Analyst Day.
Shar Pourreza: 26:41 All right. Thanks, Leo. [indiscernible] I get that past.
Leo Denault: 26:46 Got it. Thanks.
Operator: 26:48 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse. Your question please.
Nicholas Campanella: 26:57 Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks you for taking the question.
Leo Denault: 27:01 Good morning.
Nicholas Campanella: 27:02 So I just wanted to hit solar supply chain risks quick and just the impact. Could you just help us just size the amount of megawatts going into rate base that would potentially be at risk? I think you said roughly half you're secured on over the three-year horizon. So is that like 300 to 400 megawatts? And just to confirm, I heard your last comments right, to the extent that capital shifts, you were just going to backfill that with potential distribution resiliency spend?
Roderick West: 27:31 Yeah. And this is Rod. Good morning. From Leo's comments, the near-term risk that we were referring to in terms of existing owned projects was roughly 280 megawatts because we were discrete about both -- we're explicit about both West Memphis and Walnut Bend. And so from a megawatt standpoint, they really don't represent a material amount of capacity. So we want to make sure that we put that in some context. And recall, Leo also mentioned the lion's share of our renewable capacity actually shows up on the back end of the decade. So we're calling it out because we recognize that there are some near-term constraints, but they really don't influence, how we're thinking about our build-out.
Leo Denault: 28:28 And I think to your last point, Nick, I think Drew mentioned it and I mentioned in the script, we've got a capital plan and timing that's laid out. We've got other things waiting in the wings that we could or couldn't accelerate. So the ability to roll something else into the plan that provides benefits to our customers in a different way is always there.
Nicholas Campanella: 28:56 Absolutely. And then just Drew's comments on inflation. If anywhere, where would you kind of call out that you're kind of seeing the most pressure to the plan? And can you just kind of talk about just the current state of power markets, how you're kind of managing customer bill impacts and the ability to just continue to extend your rate base growth here, perhaps any levers that makes your jurisdiction more unique than others, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Andrew Marsh: 29:23 Thanks, Nick. This is Drew. So the way you phrase it was an interesting way to think about it, in terms of putting pressure on the plan. I would actually turn that around and say that it actually enhances the economics of the plan because we think about where the inflation -- what the inflation does to our two central investment themes beyond sort of our base capital in renewables. And in resilience, we think that inflation will actually strengthen the economic case from a customer's perspective to get those things done. Certainly, when you talk about renewables and higher gas prices, there's more economic headroom there right now. And that's accelerating the pressure to get the renewables done. We've already done a lot of work around improving our gas efficiency with the CCGTs that we've built historically. And of course, the Orange County Advanced Power Station is out there as well, a high-efficiency unit. So those things are helpful already, but we think it will accelerate our plan around renewables. 30:36 And then, of course, around resilience, a key piece of the plan is the costs associated with putting up hardened lines, distribution lines, transmission lines prior to a storm compared to the cost associated with doing it after the storm. And to the extent that there is inflation, that's going to exacerbate that difference, which is already substantial, and accelerate the need for customers to do it ahead of time in a planful way. And so obviously, those things have an impact on the customer bill, but the alternative of not doing it is an even greater impact on the customer bill. So I think it will drive customers who want to accelerate our plan, which will include renewables and resilience investment.
Nicholas Campanella: 31:30 That was very detailed. Thanks for the repose. See you in New York.
Andrew Marsh: 31:36 All right. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: 31:37 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Jeremy Tonet: 31:46 Hi. Good morning.
Leo Denault: 31:47 Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: 31:49 All right. Just want to come back to DOC a little bit more, if I could. And for 2023 projects, if you could just break down price risk versus timing risk. And do you see C&I demand kind of insulating the project to a degree on both these factors?
Roderick West: 32:10 Price risk -- ask the question again, so I want to make sure Drew and I are trying to figure out who's going to answer what part of the question because I know that was a price risk question in there as well.
Jeremy Tonet: 32:21 Yeah. Just price and timing for 2023 projects.
Roderick West: 32:28 So the -- on the projects that we just referenced that being Sunflower, for instance. Sunflower is not at risk. That's one of our own projects. We're expecting that one, as Leo alluded to, to be in service sometime in August. So we're looking good there. The other ongoing projects that we are expecting a bit of delay of the ones I referenced earlier, West Memphis and Walnut Bend. We're working with our BOT partners, both of whom are reputable firms, to lock down both price and schedule certainty. And so there is some risk on both because of the delays for both the supply chain as well as the DOC issues. But beyond that, we'll see if Drew adds anything to that.
Andrew Marsh: 33:23 Well, I think the only thing I'll add to what Rod said is that -- and actually, Rod mentioned earlier, the bulk of our expectations are beyond kind of the next two year window. And we've issued RFPs, the DOC piece accepted. And they're fully aware of all the supply chain concerns and risks. And they are -- prior to the DOC action, they were already aware of tariff activity in that space. So we expect that these folks that we have -- that we are working with coming out of the RFP will be well situated to manage through the current environment and meet the expectations that they put through in the RFPs. 34:13 We expect that the DOC fees will be resolved at some point relatively near term. I mean, I think most of the folks that we've been engaging with would talk about by the end of the year. But even if it goes a little bit longer, we don't think that, that puts our overall expectations in jeopardy. And certainly, in the near term, as I mentioned earlier, there are plenty of other things. If projects are delayed, there are plenty other things for us to accelerate forward and meet other customer expectations.
Jeremy Tonet: 34:44 Got it. Thank you for thought. That's helpful. And just kind of pivoting a bit here to nuclear and really small modular reactors, just want to know your thoughts on, I guess, how this could unfold going forward. And we saw one of your peers potentially partnering with the university to build an SMR. Is this something that Entergy would consider doing to demonstrate the viability of the technology? Or any thoughts like us on SMR when and if that could be something that Entergy is really moving more towards or exploring?
Roderick West: 35:19 Yeah, Jeremy. We're certainly monitoring what's going on in the SMR space. And as you might guess our nuclear folks are involved in advisory capacities and others with various entities to make sure that we're -- we've got our finger on the pulse of where that goes. I think that the success of the technology is going to be critical to the decarbonization objectives of the economy. When you think about the ability to build cost competitive, carbon-free, smaller projects that aren't -- the issue, for example, we have with the size of the capital budgets of the existing technologies is that they're as big as the companies that fund them. And that's problematic if you got issues in construction. So we're very excited about that opportunity, when and how it fits itself into our needs, we're continuing to monitor and it's a little bit difficult to say. But certainly, I think we should all be -- room for that technology to take root. 36:31 We are spending, I know probably more of our efforts in the hydrogen space because of the unique position that we have in the hydrogen market with producers, consumers, stores, transported all in the heart of our service territory. So there's a unique advantage there. But it doesn't mean we're not staying involved in what the SMR technology could do for us and for the economy in general.
Jeremy Tonet: 36:59 Got it. It's very helpful, I leave it there. Thanks.
Roderick West: 37:03 Thank you.
Operator: 37:05 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
Durgesh Chopra: 37:13 Hey. Good morning, guys and Drew long time no see. Just -- other questions have been answered. Just one quick follow-up from my side. Just can you confirm that the storm Ida balance of costs, which you haven't received sort of regulatory approval for? Does that still sit at $1.7 billion? I believe that was the number as of the end of the fourth quarter call. So if you could just confirm that or update us on where that sits now?
Andrew Marsh: 37:47 Yeah. So the answer is the total cost estimate for that storm is still at $2.7 billion in total, $1 billion of that is in the first securitization we expect to price in the next few weeks. And the balance would be towards the end of the year. The full $2.7 billion will be part of our filing that we are making in the next couple of days. We still be -- just to clarify, we have to get approval for the full amount to get cost recovery for the full amount. That hasn't -- $1 billion down payment is not pre-approval of those costs. It's just -- it's a prefinancing.
Durgesh Chopra: 38:29 I see. So essentially, you'll be seeking approval for the full $2.7 billion and the $1 billion that you've gotten already will be applied towards it. Is that the right way to think about it?
Andrew Marsh: 38:41 That is correct.
Durgesh Chopra: 38:43 Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate the call today. Thanks guys.
Andrew Marsh: 38:49 Thank you.
Operator: 38:49 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your question please.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 38:57 Hi. Good morning, team and thanks for the opportunity here. Congratulations on continued results. If I can, just to focus on the first quarter and some of the dynamics here. Can you comment a little bit on the industrial demand and the 6.5% in the first quarter here? And how do you see this trend through the balance of the year as you think about it, especially given the potential for export-oriented industries to do particularly well here? And could you talk also in tandem at the same time about some of those trends that you observed specifically around accelerating customer desire for renewables? You had specifically identified at the start of this year, a number of very large customers. But I have to imagine, based on your comments already that there are actually several other larger customers that you're talking to.
Andrew Marsh: 39:46 Yes. So this is Drew. I'll take the first part, and I'll turn the second part over to Rod. And so certainly, in terms of the sales expectations, we did have higher-than-anticipated industrial sales in the quarter. A lot of -- most of it was actually more or less in line. In fact, I would say, compared to our expectations, obviously, refiners, seeing very high crack spreads performed well. We did have some unplanned outages in some of the chemical and petrochemical space, which pulled us down a bit. And then there are unplanned outages for our Cogent customers, and that actually lifted us back up. So that Cogent piece was actually fairly strong, where there were a number of outages that helped lift is back up. 40:33 I would say that the other part, the unplanned outages for our regular customers, that was fairly significant too. So I mean, all in all, it's probably about what we were expecting but a little bit higher. And as we sort of go through the balance of the year, and I showed you the statistics on one of the slides or some of our key industries, we do expect them to continue to run at high utilization rates. Aside from planned or unplanned outages, they're going to try and trim those off as much as they can to run as hard as they can, given the current commodity environment. 41:10 And I will also say LNG wasn't on that page, but LNG utilization rates are extremely high as well. So I'll turn it over to Rod to talk about other...
Roderick West: 41:22 I was only going to elaborate on the LNG piece, and I'm not going to, Leo's point, give any pouch lines around Analyst Day because we'll give our point of view on our five-year outlook. But we are seeing greater interest in signing offtake contracts, which would support our view on expansion in the LNG space. We'll leave it to our customers to lead that conversation, but we'll note empirically that 85% of the projects are under FID consideration in the LNG space are in Entergy service territory. And so it just further supports our point of view that we have a unique growth story that is our customers have a unique growth story. And our ability to serve their expansions in addition to their -- helping them meet their ESG objectives remains a growth opportunity for us for us, and we still remain bullish about it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 42:29 Excellent. And then just one other nuance here. I'm just seeing a lot of headlines here on insurance costs. I'm sure you guys have seen the headlines in Florida, but also in Louisiana itself, especially as it relates to catastrophic storms. Can you comment about any potential pressures from an inflationary perspective on your business specifics?
Leo Denault: 42:49 You're talking about insurance specifically, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 42:51 Yeah. I mean I was thinking about insurance specifically, obviously, a broader backdrop here, but insurance seems to be getting headlines here outside of the utility space of very late.
Leo Denault: 43:05 Okay. So I'll -- now insurance is -- we aren't allowed to ensure our poles and wires. So that hasn't been a driver on that particular space. Just like everybody else, we have seen broad insurance premium pressure. And so we are working through that regardless of whether it's property or general liability or what have you, et cetera. So we are cyber. We're working through that and making sure that we continue to meet our overall O&M expectations on a go-forward basis. But that's, as you said, it's sort of symptomatic of a broader perspective around inflation. We certainly have seen inflation in the fuel space. We've talked about that a little bit. We are working with our stakeholders on how to manage that in the near term. I think long term, that is a commodity which cycles, and we expect the wildcatter spirit that's out there and the oil patch to take over at some point and help bring prices back down again. 44:13 As far as sort of inflation in the capital space, we talked about that a little bit with solar, we're seeing it in other materials and some of our other capital projects. But I think the thing to keep in mind on that is, we're seeing it for our current marginal capital projects, but they're being added to a much larger rate base, which is already invested in and fixed. And so it's a much smaller piece of the overall rate base when you added in. And so the pressure from a customer bill perspective is not that great. Certainly, as I mentioned, the fuel piece is something we're paying close attention to. And as far as just other operating costs, we haven't seen much pressure as of late. But we're certainly mindful of that, and we are driving our continuous improvement efforts to make sure that we stay ahead of that on an ongoing basis.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 45:11 Got it. It doesn't sound like it's an outsized impact to you all here. It sounds like you guys have it under control. And also it sounds like a pretty good update here at this Analyst Day. So we're going to stay tuned. Thank you, guys.
Leo Denault: 45:23 Thanks, Julien.
Operator: 45:26 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your question please.
Steve Fleishman: 45:32 Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Just on the resilience plans that you have talked about. I think going back to last year, you talked about kind of having discussions with key stakeholders and the like. And just -- can you give any sense of how those have gone? And is there any -- do you get a sense of urgency from people on this? Just any color there?
Roderick West: 46:03 Thanks, Steve. It's Rod. Good morning. We have just completed the analytics around the risk scenarios, probably consequence of storms. And we're in that evaluation phase of the CapEx investment scenarios. And so what you're alluding to is the beginning of the formal and sometimes informal technical and stakeholder conferences and conversation. That actually begins in earnest tomorrow as we begin the conversation in New Orleans. And so the feedback loop is just beginning, and we'll have more color around it at Analyst Day. I can tell you that we have certainly had informal conversations as we were beginning the analytics. And there's a keen interest in understanding, one, what's our point of view around the risk and the benefits of acceleration. Obviously, in the current economic environment, most of the stakeholders, customers and regulators and others alike are always going to be interested in how we think through the cost and bill impact. 47:29 And so we're beginning, but I'm expecting a very active engagement from the stakeholders as we move through New Orleans. Certainly, Louisiana in route to what we believe to be our first formal filings in that July time frame for the City of New Orleans. And then the state of Louisiana certainly around that time frame, but not just likely later. Even in Texas, Steve, we have -- we've begun dropping ideas around how they ought to think about resiliency. They -- certainly, their point of view might be a little different in terms of the sense of urgency that you alluded to than say, Louisiana and New Orleans. But we certainly have their attention, especially given the role of our Texas service territory in the industrial growth space. And their interest in resiliency as well. But short answer is we're just beginning, but more to say about it at Analyst Day, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: 48:38 Okay. So it sounds like at the very least, you'll have better data scenarios for the Analyst Day of what different options are. And obviously, the results will be over time, depending on what customers states want. Okay. Thank you.
Roderick West: 48:57 Thank you.
Operator: 49:01 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research. Your question please.
Jonathan Arnold: 49:08 Good morning, guys. One question, just -- can you give us a little bit of a sense, you've alluded to being conscious of commodity and gas prices and obviously, take your points about the longer-term benefits of some of your investment plans. But what is the sort of current build trajectory that you see over the coming months? And maybe we could just sort of focus in on that.
Andrew Marsh: 49:41 Sure. This is Drew. So in the near term, of course, it depends on the jurisdiction. The one that you're probably most interested in, of course, is Louisiana and the securitization costs associated with that. It will depend on what the final pricing is of those securitization bonds, but somewhere in the neighborhood of about 10% once all those securitization costs are into bills. And I think that includes a little bit of uptick in the interest rates that we see. So obviously, our customers are expecting that. They know it's out there. So we're managing through that with our stakeholders. And the bulk of that has already been approved by the commission. And so it's headed forward as we've discussed. 50:36 The gas price piece -- that reflects -- it depends on the jurisdiction, but it generally gets into bills fairly quickly in Louisiana, Texas, New Orleans. There is a little bit of hedging that goes on in Mississippi and Louisiana can help that, but it's pretty small. But they're used to the gas price volatility. Nevertheless, we're continuing to work through it, the continuous improvement program that we have as part of that. We also have levelized billing programs for customers that allow them to manage through their bill and avoid some of that volatility. So those are examples of things that we're doing to try to help customers go through that. And then over time, I think gas prices are a little bit above where our previous expectations were, but they're still in a manageable range. And as we said and as you were alluding to, Jonathan, the investments that we intend to make should help with gas price risk and inflation risk on a longer-term basis.
Jonathan Arnold: 51:51 When you say over time, Drew, you're talking about sort of further out on the curve, right? Can you frame for us what the sort of 2022 impact on sort of top of the securitization might end up being on Louisiana customers, for example?
Andrew Marsh: 52:08 On 2022, yeah, it's going to be a portion of what I was explaining earlier because it's not always the overall securitization costs. So maybe about two-thirds of that. So about a 5% or 6% increase by the -- once those get into the bills this year -- later this year.
Jonathan Arnold: 52:30 And then I think the commodity piece is incremental to that? Or is that included in that number? I guess my...
Andrew Marsh: 52:36 No. The commodity piece -- you're talking about gas prices? Yes. I think a general rule of thumb around there is about $1 per MMBtu is about a 3% to 4% increase in gas prices, if that's sustained over a year. Of course, we haven't seen that yet, but that would be kind of the thought there.
Jonathan Arnold: 53:00 Okay. Thank you for that color. If I could just on one other thing. When I look at your slide with the progress against guidance in the few buckets like utility O&M and the interest line and then also this is parent line that's now there. It seems like you're tracking -- you've had more than a quarter's worth of the pressure you were expecting from the year in first quarter. I know that other taxes piece, you said would be kind of more front-end loaded. But is that timing across the board? Or are these some things that are building, but then you hope that kind of the sales uptick is going to hold your homeless effective? I was just curious if you can frame that a bit for us.
Andrew Marsh: 53:44 Yeah. Sure. So in terms of O&M, I think in the first quarter, you're talking to the timing elements. We are on track for our expectations for the balance of the year. And in terms of the interest expense element, we are seeing some interest expense that's a little bit higher than we would expect to stick as we go through the course of the year. But there's also some timing elements in that sort of category that we are seeing in the first quarter that will turn back around. So you're not seeing all of the interest expense in the first quarter and it goes away. It actually is going to be building over the balance of the year, but there are some timing elements in the first quarter that will turn around. But I think those are the two things that are going on.
Jonathan Arnold: 54:30 Thank you for that. Thanks. Good luck. Look forward to [indiscernible].
Andrew Marsh: 54:32 All right. Thank you.
Operator: 54:34 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Thalacker from BMO Capital Markets. Your question please.
James Thalacker: 54:43 Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Andrew Marsh: 54:44 Good morning, James.
James Thalacker: 54:47 Just a real quick clarification just post Julien's question. With a slightly better sales outlook you guys have, have the drivers related to mix changed materially, Ergo? Is this really being driven more by a more robust C&I sales? Or are you seeing higher demand across all classes despite an increasing trend for return to work at this point?
Roderick West: 55:11 This is Rod. I think the short answer is it's been actually going the way that we expected. With residential demand trailing off as our residential customers are going back to work, school and kind of a pre-COVID life. And the growth story being driven by the C&I space that you alluded to. So from our vantage point, we're actually tracking according to plan there with a little bit of robustness in the C&I space, but that's about it.
James Thalacker: 55:52 Okay. Great. And just following up on Jonathan's question too, just to clarify, the 10% increase you're talking about, that's in -- that's 10% increase across total retail sales, correct, in Louisiana?
Roderick West: 56:08 Yes.
James Thalacker: 56:10 Is there somewhat of a skew across -- from a rate design basis like, is there a rough idea of like what that could mean for residential versus commercial versus industrial? Might be a little too granular at this point. I can follow up offline.
Andrew Marsh: 56:27 Yeah. I think Bill can cover that for you offline because I don't -- I can't actually answer that off the top of my head. There is a difference, of course. There's a big chunk of distribution costs and that is going to go mostly to residential and commercial customers, not as much on industrial customers.
James Thalacker: 56:45 Okay. Great. Ill follow up with Bill. Thanks so much.
Operator: 56:50 Thank you. Our final question for today comes from the line of Ross Fowler from UBS. Your question please.
Ross Fowler: 56:57 Good morning. How are you? So if I think about your base capital plan at $12 billion. And I think if I remember correctly from -- we're talking about $5 billion to $15 billion of potential incremental CapEx. I just wanted to understand or comment around federal funding. Is that $5 billion or $15 billion of incremental CapEx sort of net of that number or would any federal funding net that number down, whatever that number happens to be depending on the long-term opportunity set?
Andrew Marsh: 57:32 Yes. The federal funding would be outside of anything that we've got in our projections. So the $5 billion to $15 billion, that isn't over the next three years, that goes out through 2030. Just to be clear on that. And it's really an acceleration of work that we could do over time based on the fact that we might take things that are working today, but are old standard and pull them down and put up something of a new standard. It's that kind of work that we'd be looking at. So any kind of federal funding would be used to offset the cost. And then that provides headroom that you could potentially accelerate more. 58:16 So one way to think about it, Ross, would be if you were going to spend $10 billion, and then all of a sudden, you got $1 billion worth of federal funding, we may spend $11 million, would be one option to be able to -- and you get it for effectively $11 billion worth of resilience for $10 billion number. So that's the way we would think about it and likely propose it.
Ross Fowler: 58:40 Okay. That's the way I understood it. I just want to make sure I was understanding that correctly. And then maybe longer-term, as you get to the credit metrics you need on the balance sheet you want on the balance sheet. If you think about your 5% to 7% EPS growth. As you execute some of these opportunities and maybe grow rate base faster than that in the long term, but there might be an equity need attached to the capital. So does that bring your EPS growth rate back down. What -- how do you think about rates on bills and your long-term growth rate? In other words, is the $5 billion to $15 billion thinking about extending that 5% to 7% or maybe even the upper end of that 5% to 7% for a longer period of time? Or is there actually an opportunity to accelerate that 5% to 7% longer term given bill pressure and other things that might happen with inflation?
Leo Denault: 59:33 Yeah. I guess I'll kind of sum it up this way. We have a significant amount of growth opportunities because of the growth needs of our customers. The resilience spend is certainly one of those areas. The acceleration of renewables ahead of the schedule that we're on to meet decarbonization goals of our current customers as they want to get outsized access to clean resources could accelerate renewables at the same loan growth. The expansion of our industrial base is a growth opportunity, just the growth that we're seeing, as we've talked about, the utilization rates are high, inventories are low, all the commodity spreads are in the right place. That leaves itself pretty ripe for expansion. And that's what we're seeing as we have dialogue with our customers going forward. 60:31 And then the electrification side of things where they're going to take existing load or existing processes that are not electrified and electrify them, and that creates load growth. So there's all kinds of avenues for growth in customer demand for a higher level or a different level of service that could provide capital opportunities for us. I would say at a minimum, that just makes the runway pretty long for us in terms of where we are with the current outlook. Our objective would certainly be to have a better outlook going forward and balance all the things that you were talking about. The growth in sales, the growth in investment, and the growth in financing needs and balance all that out in a way that creates a different trajectory for us going forward. 61:18 And I think our customers are going to demand the types of investments we need to make that happen. But that's in the future. So I think all of those combined certainly bode well for a continuation of the growth that we've seen and demonstrated over the course of the last several years, pretty much like clockwork. And then I think our objective and the work we need to do is to find a way to make it better.
Ross Fowler: 61:46 All right. Thats perfect. Thank you for that. Look forward to seeing you in June.
Leo Denault: 61:51 All right. Thank you, Ross. Look forward to seeing all of you as well.
Operator: 61:55 Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Bill Abler for any further remarks.
William Abler: 62:05 Thank you, Jonathan and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 5, and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: 62:55 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 0:06 Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Entergy Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. 0:37 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Abler, the floor is yours.
William Abler: 0:47 Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. An effort to accommodate everyone who ask questions, we request that each person has no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release our slide presentation and our SEC filings Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. 1:34 And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: 1:36 Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting strong results for another successful year. Our adjusted earnings per share is $6.02, which is in the top half of our guidance range. This is the 6th year in a row that our results have come in above our guidance midpoint. Underlying our steady predictable results is Entergy's dedicated, robust and resilient organization working day in and day out to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders. Because of the solid foundation that we have built and our proven track record, we are confident that we will continue to achieve success into the future by delivering meaningful outcomes. 2:22 As such, we are initiating 2022 guidance and affirming our longer-term outlooks in line with our discussions at EEI. This continued success is important to all our stakeholders, including our customers. Being able to navigate through headwinds is possible only through financial discipline that allows us to continue to raise the capital needed to serve our customers. Without financial health, we could not have raised the over $4 billion needed to fund the restoration from recent storms, including Ida and Laura, two of the worst storms ever to hit Louisiana. Newark, we have managed through the revenues lost as a result of these storms and COVID-19. 3:05 Without financial health, we could not consider accelerating resilience investment to better withstand future storms nor could we make the investments in clean energy that our customers, large and small, are seeking. In 2021, like 2020, we were presented with headwinds caused by the pandemic and weather events. And as in 2020, we proved we could navigate those headwinds and continue to deliver strategically, operationally and financially. Strategically, we stood up our customer organization and appointed our first-ever Chief Customer Officer, David Ellis. 3:47 David is building a team to work with our customers to find ways to meet their reliability, affordability and decarbonization goals. They are actively working on unique and significant opportunities to help our customers reduce their carbon emissions. We created a new sustainable planning, development and operations group, led by Pete Norgeot. In order to drive greater strategic direction and collaboration in addressing stakeholders sustainability expectations, we aligned key internal teams to work collectively to implement strategies that will decarbonize our portfolio and respond to our customers' sustainability needs, all while maintaining affordability and reliability for customers. 4:31 Guided by this holistic planning framework, we updated our long-term supply plan to significantly increase renewable capacity. We now expect 11 gigawatts of renewable capacity by the end of 2030, more than double the estimate in our previous plan. As part of this plan, we issued renewable RFPs over the last year totaling nearly 2,000 megawatts. We completed the tax equity partnership for Searcy Solar in Arkansas. We designed this unique structure to help facilitate the economics of utility ownership while better aligning the interest of project owner and tax equity partner. This is an important step to make utility renewable ownership and economic option for our customers. We proposed the Orange County Advanced Power Station in Texas. If approved, this will be our first hydrogen capable plant and will provide efficient power with the flexibility to utilize clean hydrogen. 5:21 We sold Indian Point and received approval from the NRC to sell Palisades, which is our last remaining EWC nuclear plant. We expect the sale to be completed around midyear. We made great progress in our diversity inclusion and belonging initiatives, including creating the diversity and workforce strategies organization. This team, led by Taiwan Brown is expanding our workforce development efforts and developing new standards for hiring. We concluded 2021 with gains in both female and diverse representation towards our goal of reflecting the rich diversity of the communities in which we serve. 6:07 Consistent with our progress, we received many awards and recognition for multiple aspects of our business, including environmental leadership and responsibility storm response, social responsibility, corporate citizenship, economic development and workplace excellence. 6:25 Operationally, we improved distribution reliability in 2021. For transmission, years of hard work and strategic capital investment led to system improvements as that team achieved its best reliability performance in more than 20 years. We wrapped up our AMI initiative with more than 3 million meters online. These advanced meters allow our customers to better understand and control energy usage to achieve their affordability goals. 6:53 Advanced meters also represent a foundational component of other customer and grid technology investments that will further improve service and reliability. Through continued focus on improved operations, Grand Gulf achieved its highest ever generation output in 2021. In response to the historic damage caused by Hurricane IDA, we deployed the largest restoration workforce in our history. The storm presented unique challenges, and we came up with innovative solutions to restore power and help our customers and communities recover on a timely basis. We deployed portable generators for key businesses and community services. 7:34 We also procured materials and supplies from non-traditional sources. For example, used pipe from the Halted Keystone pipeline to strengthen the foundation of new distribution structures in areas with soft soil conditions. Financially, our adjusted earnings results were in the top half of our guidance range. We maintained solid liquidity throughout the year. Between driving business risk improvements and progress on our ATM program, we reduced our remaining equity needs through 2024 to $700 million, roughly 1/4 of what we communicated at our Analyst Day in 2020. We made significant progress on storm cost and balance sheet recovery. We expect to receive more than $3 billion of securitization proceeds in the coming months, which includes a $1 billion down payment toward IDF costs. 8:26 We filed an uncontested settlement in Louisiana, and that case is on the agenda for today's LPSC meeting. The entire Entergy team proved once again to be highly resilient under challenging circumstances, and I cannot thank them enough. We also know that the key to continuing to achieve outcomes into the future is to ensure we are working for all of our stakeholders, customers, employees, communities and owners. We are committed to achieving meaningful outcomes for each. This holistic approach will drive a vibrant, sustainable business for years to come. Our 3-year $12 billion capital plan will continue to benefit customers with improved reliability, resilience, customer experience. and economic development. 9:14 Our plan will also support our commitment to reduce carbon emissions. These customer-centric investments, combined with our growth forecast and regulatory mechanisms, support 5% to 7% growth in adjusted EPS and a strong credit profile. Roughly 1/3 of the capital will go toward generation. In addition to maintaining our highly efficient gas fleet, this capital will continue to modernize and ensure the longevity of our emission-free nuclear fleet. In the planning period, we will increase our renewable portfolio to more than 2 gigawatts. That's a 300% growth in renewables. And that trend will not only continue but accelerate beyond 2024 with plans for 11 gigawatts in service by the end of 2030. 10:02 With this plan, we expect to achieve our 50% carbon intensity reduction goal several years earlier than our 2030 target. Additionally, our generation capital plan includes the initial portions of the investment in the Orange County Advanced Power Station with planned hydrogen capability, which is expected to come online in 2026. 10:23 As we've discussed, our region has tremendous advantages in both hydrogen and carbon capture. Our distribution and utility support capital plan totals $5.8 billion. The plan is designed to deliver improved reliability, resilience and customer experience through projects focused on asset renewals and enhancements in grids development. We will also ensure the grid is ready for new customer connections. 10:53 Our transmission plan is $2.3 billion and will drive reliability and resilience, while also supporting renewables expansion. Projects will focus on asset renewal and enhancements, congestion relief and new customer interconnections. We have clear line of sight to the base plan, but our intention is to do even better. Our future investment profile will increasingly be driven by meeting evolving customer needs. The two most significant areas of focus for our customers in the coming years are resilience and decarbonization. We have invested significantly in resilience for years, but with the potential for increasing frequency and intensity of weather events, it's time to review the speed with which we will make those investments. We've preliminarily identified between $5 billion and $15 billion of resilience investments that could be accelerated, which will help mitigate future storm damage and costs. 11:57 Over the coming months, we'll map out what makes sense for our customers with a goal to share this information with our regulators. Initially through technical conferences this spring, and subsequently through filings targeted for late summer so that we can with their support proceed to accelerate our resilience investment, our customers have aggressive decarbonization objectives. We are doing our part today with one of the cleanest large-scale generating fleets in the country. And as I have previously mentioned, the continued operation of our large nuclear fleet and the addition of significant renewable capacity will allow us to further support their decarbonization goals to reduce Scope 2 emissions. We are working to provide our customers with the products they need, such as green tariffs so that they can meet their environmental objectives. By meeting their clean energy needs, we can further accelerate our renewable deployment. 12:56 But a reduction in Scope 2 emissions will not be enough for many of our customers. Some are also looking for ways to reduce their Scope 1 emissions. Electrification is an efficient way to lower those emissions. Given the size of our industrial base as well as their emissions levels, helping our customers reduce their carbon footprint presents an exceptional opportunity for Entergy. 13:19 This is true for new and expansion customers like U.S. Steel and Sempra, who recently announced facility additions with electrified processes that will drive significant new sales. These two customers alone could add 850 megawatts of new load, which represents nearly 2,000 megawatts of renewable capacity if the new sales are supplied with 100% green energy. It is also true for existing customers who need to decarbonize their processes to meet their objectives. 13:50 As we talked about at EEI, we believe the addressable market could be as much as 30 terawatt hours of additional clean energy by 2030. Understanding the importance of renewables in attracting new jobs, Entergy Mississippi developed a strategy called Edge, economic development with green energy to give Mississippi an edge in recruiting industry to the state. 14:13 Entergy Mississippi is making its largest-ever commitment to renewable resources with plans to replace aging national gas plants with 1,000 megawatts of renewable energy over the next five years. The plan has drawn praise and support from the governor and the state's public service commissioners. We continue to work with our customers to determine the size and pace of their needs. We will ensure that our resource plans and financial forecasts reflect the latest customer insights, and we'll keep you updated along the way. 14:46 This is an exciting opportunity for us and one that is unique to Entergy. 2021 was another successful year for Entergy that benefited from the resilience weve built into our business. We delivered on our commitments, including steady predictable growth. We have a solid plan with significant certainty over the next three years. Beyond our base plan, other significant opportunities in renewable generation, clean electrification and resilience acceleration will serve at a minimum to extend our runway of growth. This growth will deliver many benefits for all of Entergy's stakeholders, which will ensure the sustainability of our business for decades to come. 15:32 Before I turn it over to Drew, I'm excited to announce that we will host our Analyst Day on June 16 in New York City. We will continue the conversation on the significant opportunities that we see ahead, and we will give you a view of our 5-year outlook. So stay tuned for more details. 15:49 I'll now turn the call over to Drew, who will review our financial results and our outlooks.
Andrew Marsh: 15:55 Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo said, today, we are reporting strong 2021 results in the top half of our guidance range. We executed on key deliverables throughout the year and our results are a validation of the resilience we've built into our business. We are confident that we will continue to deliver on our commitments, and we are initiating our 2022 guidance and confirming our longer-term 2023 and 2024 outlooks. I'll begin by discussing results for 2021 and then provide an overview of the key business drivers for 2022. 16:30 Starting on Slide 6. Entergy adjusted EPS for 2021 was $6.02 and $0.36 higher than 2020. Turning to Slide 7. Our earnings growth was driven by investments across our operating companies that benefit customers through improved resilience, reliability and operational efficiency. Weather adjusted billed retail sales growth was 2% for the year as sales rebounded from COVID-19 impacts. Industrial sales were strong at around 6% higher than 2020. We saw continued growth from new and expansion customers, which helps keep rates low as well as higher-than-expected demand from cogeneration customers. Weather effect on billed sales reduced our earnings by $0.03 per share for the year. Our December temperatures were at record highs and much of those sales were not yet billed before the year-end. When you take into account the negative weather impact for the year was more significant at $0.11. 17:33 Starting with first quarter 2022 results, we will use our AMI infrastructure to update our weather estimates to be based on the calendar view versus the billing cycle. To help you, the appendix of our webcast presentation has updated 2021 estimated weather effect by quarter which reflects the new methodology. Coming back to drivers for 2021, our utility O&M returned to more normal levels following last year's significant reductions from our flex pending program used to mitigate the impact of lower revenues from COVID-19. 18:07 We also saw higher depreciation and interest, which were largely the result of customer-centric investments. Results of EWC are summarized on Slide 8 and reflect the continued wind down of that business. 18:23 We expect to close on the Palisades sale by the middle of 2022, which will complete our exit of merchant business. On Slide 9, operating cash flow for the year was $2.3 billion, slightly lower than last year. Non-capital storm costs were a large driver of $220 million, increased fuel and purchase power payments, income tax payments and lower EWC revenues also contributed to the decrease, while higher Utility revenue provided a partial offset. 18:55 Moving to Slide 10. We continue to expect to achieve credit metrics that meet or exceed rating agency expectations by the end of 2022. Solid results of business derisking efforts reflected in Moody's upgrade of Entergy Texas long-term issuer and bond ratings on January 28. This upgrade recognizes the constructive regulation over the past several years. including riders and responsive storm cost recovery that has allowed Entergy Texas to earn a reasonable return on equity. 19:25 The improved credit rating allows the company to attract capital at a lower cost, which benefits customers. At the same time, Moody's moved Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi to positive outlook while also citing constructive regulatory factors. Take a minute to provide an update on the excellent progress we've made with storm cost recovery. Entergy Texas has received approval from both the storm cost determination and financing order, we expect to receive securitization proceeds in March or April. And in Louisiana, we have submitted a unanimous settlement to the 2020 storm proceeding, which includes support for an additional $1 billion as an early prepayment against hurricane Ida cost recovery. And the matter is on the agenda for today's Louisiana Commission meeting. 20:15 Assuming the LPSC decides the matter today, we expect to issue the securitization bonds before storm season. We have also refined our estimates for Hurricane Ida, and now expect the cost to be $2.7 billion, slightly above our original expectations due to additional resilience and hardening investments as well as higher resource costs. We're completing storm invoice processing and Entergy Louisiana is on track to submit its cost recovery filing in April, followed by Entergy New Orleans around midyear. Our goal remains to receive the balance of Entergy Louisiana's Hurricane Ida securitization proceeds by the end of this year, pending Louisiana commission's procedural schedule for the case. Another area we have successfully reduced business risk is our pension obligation. 21:06 In 2021, our funded status improved by approximately $900 million or 38% as a result of our increased contributions and actions to accelerate the reduction of the liability over the last several years. In addition, slightly higher interest rates and strong pension asset returns in 2021 contributed to the improvement. We've also made progress against our near-term growth equity needs, as you can see on Slide 11. In 2021, we utilized our at-the-market equity program and sold close to $500 million of common equity. The decrease in our pension deficit further improves our Moody's cash flow metric, and we reduced our remaining equity needs by an additional $300 million. As of today, our remaining growth equity requirement through 2024 stands at $700 million, roughly 1/4 of the original expectation. 21:56 Looking ahead, Slide 12 shows that the fundamentals of our industrial customers remain robust. The forward commodity spreads remain supportive of continued growth and expansion. The four sectors shown on the slide represent nearly half of our industrial sales. As you can see, the economic indicators remain at or near multiyear highs our industrial base continues to be resilient and competitively advantaged. Our adjusted EPS guidance and outlooks shown on Slide 13 remain unchanged. Our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range of $6.15 to $6.45 with a midpoint of $6.30. Our plan supports steady, predictable 5% to 7% annual growth. We also expect to continue our dividend growth commensurate with our adjusted EPS growth. 22:49 The key drivers for 2022 guidance highlighted on Slide 14 are straightforward and in line with what you would expect. Starting with the top line, we will see revenue growth result as a result of the customer-centric investments we've made as well as increases in depreciation and interest expense associated with the new assets. We also expect an increase in retail sales volume of 1.8% on a weather-adjusted basis. This reflects increases in commercial and industrial sales and slight decline in residential sales. Consistent with our EEI disclosures, we anticipate an increase in other O&M due to typical drivers, including inflation. We also have continuous improvement efforts to achieve on efficiencies and and flex tools that help mitigate changes during the year. The appendix of the webcast presentation contains additional details on the specific drivers, including quarterly considerations and earnings sensitivities. 24:05 As Leo mentioned, 2021 was another successful year for our company. We delivered results in the top half of the guidance range despite significant storm disruption. We have strong fundamentals that underline our plan which supports steady, predictable growth and are working to do even better. As Leo mentioned, Entergy has a unique and significant opportunity ahead. We are focused on translating that opportunity into a reality for our customers, our employees our communities and our owners. We look forward to talking more about these opportunities for you now over the coming months and at our Analyst Day in June. 24:25 And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Constantine Lednev: 24:55 Hi, good mooring Leo and team. It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on a great quarter and the closeout to the year. I appreciate the comments on potential upsides from resiliency spending in the prepared remarks. And I believe Mississippi has received an independent consultant recommendation on resiliency. Do you have any early indications on what the governing factors are and including some of the spending? Is it bills, regulatory constructs, financing needs? Any color on the early discussions that you may have?
RodWest: 25:24 Yes. This is Rod. Good morning. I think the early discussions are going to be focused on the state-by-state cost benefit analysis. If you think about our desire to accelerate resiliency, Leo alluded to it. You got four dimensions that we talked about, one of them being storm intensity, the frequency, the duration and the location. We're in the early stages right now of doing the statistical analysis around various scenarios. Each of those scenarios are going to play out differently in each of our jurisdictions. We think the lion's share of the work, as you might expect, is going to show up in Louisiana. That's the subject of the technical conference when we kind of 0 in on the scenarios and the planning assumptions where the regulator, along with the customers we'd be in a better position to make a decision on what direction they want to go in. But as Leo alluded to, that the technical conference is the prelude to the filings later in the year when we start to actually show the public kind of what we have to believe in order to put a specific acceleration plan in place. The nuances being a state-by-state play if that's helpful, but it's early in the process, which is why you're you're hearing us framing it up in general terms.
Constantin Lednev: 26:49 Okay. That's helpful color. And just with the FEMA applications for resiliency funding of the $450 million, does that kind of play a factor? And how those plans get developed? And are those projects included in the CapEx plan? Or would you kind of fund those projects yourself if the FEMA applications don't go through?
RodWest: 27:09 As we stated before, anything that comes from the Feds helps to offset what would otherwise be borne by customers. And so we're going to remain actively involved ensuring we could maximize whatever input the Feds might be able to provide. That said, we still have to go forward with our regulators assuming that the Feds don't  don't contribute, whether it's offsetting existing storm costs or putting forth federal funds toward future resiliency spend. But our plans are assuming from a scenario planning perspective, both dynamics, but it's not dependent upon federal funds.
Constantin Lednev: 27:55 Okay. That's great color. And just a quick follow-up on the equity needs and kudos to the whole team for materially kind of mitigating the needs from the Analyst Day. Curious on your thoughts on the timing for the remaining $700 million in plan. Is there a threshold or event that could accelerate? Or do you have some cushion to defer given the progress made in '21, maybe a continuation of the ATM at a modest level.
Andrew Marsh: 28:19 Yes. This is Drew. We are still mindful that we'd like to get this done. And so we are continuing to work through with the ATM that we that we put in place before. I think you'll continue to see us use that, and we could knock this out fairly quickly with that framework. We'll be mindful of any other opportunities that if the right market conditions come along that allow us to go ahead and finish it off through a block. So we're paying close attention to that. But as you can tell, the numbers gotten much smaller. And so the end is sort of in-sight for us overall.
Constantin Lednev: 29:04 Thanks. Thats very helpful and thank you for taking the questions and congrats on the FY21.
Andrew Marsh: 29:11 Thanks Constantin.
Operator: 29:16 Thank you. Next up, we have on the line, Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: 29:23 Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: 29:25 Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: 29:27 Good morning. Just wanted to start on load growth, if I could. Just if you could provide a little bit more detail on the significant growth on the industrial side. You provided some commentary there in the slides. But just wondering how you see that trending, I guess, relative to pre-pandemic levels and I guess, expectations to kind of exceed that? And then you talked a bit about green demand. Just wondering if you could update us a little bit more on where does the green tariff demand stand now across this customer base versus where it was 12 months ago? And how you see that kind of evolving over time?
Andrew Marsh: 30:02 So this is Drew. I'll take the first piece on the load growth, and I'll let Rod talk about the green tariff. So I mean, overall, our load growth for the industrial side continues to be robust. I went through some of the drivers for our main industries in my prepared remarks, those are in really good places than we do with the announcements that we talked about with U.S. Steel and Sempra, and we are continuing to see demand it. But the nature of it is evolving. And you see that in and what's happening there. I mean, those customers are looking for clean, green options at a low cost, and we are well situated for that. And as a result, that's sort of our opportunity from a generation perspective. A lot of the other fundamentals that we've had all along are still there, proximity to the Gulf Coast, proximity to the Mississippi River, an available workforce, supportive communities, all of that is still there. it continues to attract investment from our customers and for others from outside the area today. So relative to the pre-pandemic, I would say that's pretty good. But post-pandemic, we're seeing that shift to wanting that clean electrification opportunity. And that is what we are seeing this year, as you go into '22, it's a little bit lower. But as you look out to '24 and beyond, we certainly expect it to continue to ramp up on that clean electrification opportunity.
RodWest: 31:45 And I'll simply add. Leo alluded to the 30 terawatt hours of an addressable market through 2030. And  and the efforts that we've taken internally to engage differently with those customers to kind of identify how this demand might play out. What we saw with U.S. Steel and Sempra we think, underscores the thesis that the opportunity for growth is there. We'll share far more details about how we see the next five years playing out at Analyst Day. But the early indicators are that we're pretty confident that our industrial customers, in particular, and we're seeing it kind of flow down into the smaller commercial sector. There -- they've already made public their plans to reduce their carbon emissions, and we think we have a unique opportunity to play a role in helping them get there. And that does foreshadow for us, a great demand for our green products, also underscoring, as Leo alluded to in his comments, the significance of our low emitting and efficient gas generation as well as our nuclear fleet, not to mention the up to 11 gigs through 2030 for solar. But more to come at Analyst Day, but so far, early indications are looking really good for our ability to help our customers meet their sustainability objectives.
Andrew Marsh: 33:20 Thats helpful. Thanks for that. And kind of
Rod West: 33:22 On the green tariff, okay.
Andrew Marsh: 33:27 Thats helpful. Thanks for that and maybe picking up on the point there, without front-running the Analyst Day, are there any broad strokes that you could provide for us as far as themes or other topics that we might expect at the Analyst Day update wise?
Leo Denault: 33:44 Well, I think as I mentioned, Jeremy, we're going to go a couple of extra years as we always do at Analyst Day and those opportunities that Rod talked about, even if you think about U.S. Steel and Sempra, for example, 24 and 27 in service desk. So this acceleration really picks up as you get out kind of the '24 and beyond time frame. So I think that will be the -- as far as the major theme, we'll talk a little bit about what we what we may be seeing in that regard. So more detail [Technical Difficulty].
Operator: 34:25 Hello. One moment, please. We ask that you may on the line, the conference will resume shortly. [Technical Difficulty]. We apologize. The speakers have returned.
RodWest: 35:22 All right. So I don't know, Leo, if you want to respond to [Indiscernible]
Leo Denault: 35:25 I don't know if you got the last answer. I know Jeremy, you had asked about the Analyst Day. And I was mentioning that we'll go a couple of years out farther than the 2024 current outlook. And that will be interesting because what we're starting to see from these electrification opportunities and these growth opportunities, if that's about the time things can start to show up is 2024 and beyond. You can think about U.S. Steel and Sempra, those two announcements, those are 2024 and 2027 and in-service dates for those facilities. So the opportunity that we're talking about does start to show up really outside the balance of the current capital plan. So that will be probably the biggest pieces that we'll be talking about.
Jeremy Tonet: 36:17 Got it. That's helpful. And just one more, if I could. With regards to Grand Gulf, given stronger operations in 2021. Just wondering if you could update us, I guess, how things are looking right now operations-wise in '22 expectations. And has this kind of improved performance and really kind of coming through when needed, improved stakeholder conversations? Just wondering if you could provide any update there.
Leo Denault: 36:45 Well, Grand Gulf has improved operations, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, had is highest generation output ever in 2021. And it's our expectation to continue to have that performance going into the future all be better as we continue to through outages, upgrade the equipment associated with facility our nuclear plants are going to be very, very important to the economic development of our jurisdictions. And as we talk about electrification, I think one thing that goes unnoticed is the already clean nature of our fleet. As one of the cleanest generating fleets in the country with some of the lowest rates in the country, some of these decarbonization objectives can be met by electrifying processes just using the grid power that we have today even before we build out the renewables because it already meets Scope 2 needs that some of our customers have. 37:49 The objectives of the majority of our customers are decarbonization. So we have a lot of dialogue with them about the nuclear fleet being an important part of the decarbonization. So I think it's -- the dialogue around nuclear has changed significantly in terms of its importance in the future of the economy of the states in which we operate. So it's a holistic approach. It's an important part of not on the reliability of the system, but the sustainability of the system. And as more and more customers demand carbon-free energy that follows their load, we're going to be an advantage in the jurisdictions that have nuclear power.
Jeremy Tonet: 38:37 Got it. Actually, one last one, if I could. Just any updated thoughts that you have on advanced nuclear small modular reactors and if you think that this could start to enter the Entergy plans towards the end of the decade here.
Leo Denault: 38:53 Well, certainly, we have folks who are following the development of all different kinds of technologies in the nuclear space. And should we get to a point where some form of SMR is economically viable, we'd certainly make it part of the mix because as I mentioned, the nuclear the decarbonization is what everybody is after. And today, the most reliable way to make a lot of energy without emitting carbon through nuclear power. So we're following those developments across the board. To the extent they become economically viable, we would certainly pursue it. And as history has proven, our jurisdictions are typically open to the development of new assets create jobs, high energy intensity and to really benefit economic development. So too early to say how quickly those will become part of the resource mix. Certainly, there's a lot of development left to be done. But given the focus on carbon reduction, people are spending a lot of time and effort as the federal government on making sure that we're supporting that sort of R&D.
Jeremy Tonet: 40:05 Got it. Thats very helpful. I leave it there. Thank you.
Leo Denault: 40:08 Thank you, Jeremy
Operator: 40:11 Thank you. And next, we have on the line Michael of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: 40:18 Hey, guys, Thank you for taking my question. I actually have a couple and they're kind of unrelated to each other. First of all, on the Orange County project, seems like it's a long construction time frame, four years, right, if you get approval in May, June time frame, but in service not till May of '26? Is that due to the hydrogen capability being added? Or is there some other driver? Normally, combined cycle is a little bit quicker than that?
Leo Denault: 40:47 No, there's nothing really. I mean, by the time we get the regulatory approval, get into the process, there's a little bit more work done at this stage on the hydrogen side, but it's not a significant cost driver or anything like that at these early stages to get to the 30% blended capability. So nothing out of the ordinary. It's a big plant.
Andrew Marsh: 41:09 And I would say that, Michael, that given our history of construction around CCGTs would come in underneath the expected time line in pretty much every instance. So I wouldn't expect that we would end up in June of 26 unless there was some other kind of weather-related issue or something else going on.
Michael Lapides: 41:28 Got it. Okay. And then an unrelated topic, the FERC put out its policy statement about gas infrastructure projects and GHG emissions. And it obviously matters to you, you're not building pipelines of material size at all or anything, but lots of companies in your service territory who are major customers who either are trying to build new pipelines or trying to build new LNG facilities or other petchem-related energy-related infrastructure. Just curious how you see this process changing the permitting for new gas infrastructure? And what that means for your Louisiana and Texas service territories longer-term?
RodWest: 42:17 Yes, Michael, it's Rod. As you might imagine, we're closely aligned with our  our industrial customer base, as you have alluded to, in terms of what it might portend for the future. It fits into our point of view that perhaps this might be a catalyst for the acceleration of decarbonization efforts, all of which fuels our point of view around our ability to help them achieve few of their objectives, whether it's through the Scope 2 resources from our electrical supply or any opportunity we have to electrify sort of their scope processes. But just extrapolating from that FERC ruling for us, we're viewing it through the lens of what's the implication for the customers, them moving faster as a condition of permitting to take advantage of the other market advantages of locating, expanding in our service territory. So it is unclear how it will ultimately play out. But as you might imagine, we are giving thought to how that applies to other potential customers like Sempra most recently as they're working through their permitting process. And we are stakeholders in those proceedings for that very reason.
Michael Lapides: 43:54 Got it. Thank you, Rod. Much appreciated guys.
Andrew Marsh: 43:58 Thanks, Michael.
Operator: 44:01 Thank you. And next on the line, we have Jonathan Arnold of Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold: 44:09 Hi, good morning, guys. Just a quick one on longer-term financing. Drew, I think you sort of talked about being done once you've done the '22 to '24 reduced equity raise. Is -- how do you think about that sort of post '24 period is something sort of similar to the run rate you've effectively been doing here, a sensible assumption? Or could you be sort of out of the capital raise business for a few years like you've been in the past?
Andrew Marsh: 44:50 That's a good question. Jonathan, obviously, we've talked a lot about the types of financings that are available to us and what would be good in certain situations And the financing with the equity capital markets is useful because it gives you a firm idea of what you're going to get and it's a liquid market and you can close quickly. And so that's what we've been doing here recently because we have a very near-term need. And if you're talking about needs out beyond 2024 there are different options that become available because it is such a long-term thinking. And so it's not just capital markets, some of the other things that are out there that we've talked about before, might be available to you from a strategic perspective rather than a capital markets perspective. But that's longer term, that's not anything that we would be thinking about necessarily right this minute. But as you look out beyond our horizon period, there are other options available too.
Jonathan Arnold: 46:04 Okay. And just one -- just to make sure I've got this straight, the $300 million or so that you did under the ATM, that's not yet settled. Those shares are not yet in the share count, correct?
Andrew Marsh: 46:18 That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold: 46:19 Okay. Thank you. And then just on one other thing. Can you remind us or maybe tell us what went on with the Liberty County solar project and were there any lessons learned around that for a better outcome next time around? Or just use some reflections there?
RodWest: 46:38 Yes. This is Rod. The Liberty County project was pulled not because the commission didn't recognize the benefits of the actual project. That particular one, and again, it was unique to Liberty County, had more to do with where the Texas Commission was in terms of how they viewed the Liberty County project and its implication inside of ERCOT. And so I don't want to send a signal that there was anything necessarily untoward with the project. We pulled it because we wanted to come back to the commission, one, when they actually had a full commission -- and I will share with you the lack of a full commission was also influential in their reticence to approve the deal. And so it's a -- it was a short time timing play for us. We had greater needs for capital, and we were also recognizing that there was a robust response to additional RFPs and decided to pull it. But it does not in any way thwart our belief, or in our view the Texas staff's belief, in the viability of those projects. So we expect to come back with more, but I didn't -- don't want you to overread anything into it.
Jonathan Arnold: 48:05 No. Do you expect to come back with that particular project, or it was just with other things [Indiscernible]?
RodWest: 48:12 Well, the timing of that particular one, there's going to be -- there might be more to come there, but there's more than a robust opportunity for us to fill our needs with the other projects. So I won't give any signal into that specific one, but the pipeline is quite robust.
Jonathan Arnold: 48:33 Great. Thank you, Rod.
Operator: 48:38 Thank you. And next on the line, we have Paul Zimbardo of Bank of America. Your line open.
Paul Zimbardo: 48:52 I want to follow up on some of the potential storm hardening acceleration where you talked about some of those data points leading up to the Analyst Day. Should we think of that as purely incremental capital? Or could that kind of mitigate some of the capital already in the plan as you don't need to do some other work around storm hardening?
Leo Denault: 49:14 It's really an acceleration of things that we've identified could be done. So -- for example, in our current 3-year outlook, there's around $2.7 billion of T&D investments that you could considering  could consider resilience investments. About $1.7 billion of that to the T Space, about $1 billion of it in the D space. We've been doing resilience spending in a combination of new projects that we do and then we do storm hardening after the fact when we're repairing after a storm as well build to the new standards. What we'd be looking at with the resilience spend that we would put out is are there things we could do faster than they would have otherwise been on the schedule. So it would be incremental in the time frames that it would be proposed if that makes sense as opposed to being done five years later or something like that, if that makes sense, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: 50:22 Yes, it does. Now that's clear. And then the other question I had was just given some of the broad inflationary pressures, how are you thinking and comfort level about ability to execute in Arkansas relative to the 4% rate cap?
Andrew Marsh: 50:39 Yes, this is Drew. I'll start and maybe Rod can add to it. Obviously, we're not immune from whatever inflation issues that are out there. And so we're monitoring it closely. There's different pieces to it. There's the fuel piece, which gets collected through a separate fuel rider in Arkansas. And that might move the 4% cap up a little bit, but that's not going to hinder our investment there. 51:15 On the O&M side, we haven't seen the kind of pressures that we've been hearing about setting in other sectors. That doesn't mean that we have had some been dealing with it on more of a spot basis. And ramping up our continuous improvement to help manage against the potential for acceleration of inflation more broadly in our business. And then on the capital side, we are seeing some pressure on the capital side, particularly when talking about some of the solar projects. 51:52 But in the RFPs that we've been conducting recently and that we expect to conduct, we're still in the very early innings of our renewable investments. And while we've seen some pressure on some of the projects that we've already have sort of underway. The bulk of it is to come and all those expectations already have built in understanding of the inflation environment have and the supply chain that we're dealing with and everything else. And those projects are still very robust. They have strong NPVs for the customer. And so we'd expect them to get support from the retail regulators as well. And that kind of offset with fuel costs and other things, we think will fit into the caps in Arkansas, in particular. So right now, we don't see any real challenges. I mean we're obviously monitoring inflation very closely and adjusting our business and ramping up continuous improvement in order to manage it, but we don't see anything immediately in our way.
Paul Zimbardo: 53:08 Okay. Thank you very much for that.
Operator: 53:13 Thank you. And next on the line, we have Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: 53:21 Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: 53:23 Good morning.
Andrew Marsh: 53:24 Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: 53:25 I wanted to follow up on Jeremy's questions just on nuclear operations, and it looks like there's been good improvement there. And just wondered if you could speak to just dialogue with the NRC. You're not on Column four and looks like operations are improving. But is there any additional color you can give in terms of the dialogue with the NRC on nuclear operations?
Leo Denault: 53:47 We continue to have a lot of dialogue at all levels from the resident inspector to the regions, to the headquarters in Washington, certainly around not only operations, but license transfers, et cetera. So I'd say our relationship with the NRC is strong, and it's open. I meet with resident inspectors when I'm on site. I meet with the region on a regular basis, and I mean all the commissioners when I can. We had to do a lot of it virtually over the course of the last couple of years, but we continue to have a very robust and open dialogue with the NRC, and it's a very constructive relationship.
Stephen Byrd: 54:34 Understood. And has there been sort of recognition of the improvements in operational performance of your nuclear fleet?
Leo Denault: 54:42 Yes. Absolutely.
Stephen Byrd: 54:43 Okay. Great. And then just one last one for me. This is a common question kind of across many utilities. But just given the commodity cost outlook, could you just speak a bit to the outlook for customer billing? Because you especially residential customer bill increases across your footprint? I know residential is a smaller percentage for you all than some utilities, but I'm just curious, given the commodity outlook, what the sort of bill increase outlook is for you.
Andrew Marsh: 55:09 Yes, Stephen, it's Drew. So there's a couple of things going on in our bills, and it depends on the jurisdiction in particular. I already talked about inflation and what that means. Going back to the fuel piece of that, when you talked about Louisiana and Texas, Winter Storm Uri in 2021, raised the fuel costs quite a bit in those two jurisdictions for 2021. So now as the fuel curve has come up a bit, it's not as much of an impact, frankly, on customers in those jurisdictions because we already had some high fuel prices because of Winter Storm Uri. And then as you look forward, the fuel curve is, of course, a bit backward dated. And our expectations are typically above the forward curve once you get out a few years, and that's still the case. Obviously, there's a lot of other things besides inflation going on in the price of natural gas today. 56:13 But we think we're pretty well situated from a customer perspective there. And then also in Louisiana and Texas, you have the securitization thesis coming on in the next probably 18 months or  well, hopefully, by the end of the year, frankly, to get all the securitizations done in the Louisiana. So that would probably be by the beginning of next year, you'd see the full effects of those. That's a pretty big step up. particularly in Louisiana. But once we get past that, I think the growth rate in the bills should be fairly reasonable. And we've historically said at or below inflation. Obviously, that means something different today. But our at or below inflation is probably going to still be true based on historical expectation for inflation less than 3%. So that's what we'd expect to see once we got past sort of the securitization and the current higher costs associated with fuel.
Stephen Byrd: 57:17 Very good. Thank you very much.
Andrew Marsh: 57:20 Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: 57:21 Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of [Indiscernible] of UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: 57:34 Assuming all goes well at the Louisiana Public Service Commission, what are the steps for getting storm recovery that you'll have? There's the securitization that you touched on just a minute ago. Can you walk through the steps in the amounts that you expect to be coming in?
Leo Denault: 57:57 Sure. So in Texas, we've already got the orders. And so we're in the process of setting up the actual sourcing of securitization funds, which should take place in March or April, that's I think in the neighborhood of $290 million is the expectation for that and assuming we get the outcome in Liana today, there's approval by the LPSC in the next few months, we would set up the transaction for that. That would be around $3.2-ish billion, including the $1 billion of Ida funds. That's going to be a little bit different than the Texas transaction, that's going through the state effective we have already approval from the State Bond Commission to get that done. On the first piece, we'll be setting that up here, hopefully, very soon. And then, of course, the remainder of the Ida costs would be hopefully by the end of the year in a similar process.
Unidentified Analyst: 59:10 Okay. Thanks.
Leo Denault: 59:14 Thank you.
Operator: 59:17 Thank you. And now I will hand the conference back over to Bill Abler for closing comments.
William Abler: 59:27 Thank you, Chris, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on February 25 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occurred prior to the date of the 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website on regulatory and other information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: 60:19 Then this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Entergy Corporation, Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. During the session will need to press star one on your telephone. If you require any further assistance, please press star 0. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Bill April or Vice President Investor Relations you may begin.
Bill Abler: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, William Renault, and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions we request that each person ask not more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements due to a number of factors which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation, and our SCC filings.  Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information, reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo (ph).
Leo Denault: Thank you, Bill. And good morning, everyone. Today, we're reporting quarterly results that keep us firmly on track to meet our financial commitments. Third quarter adjusted earnings were $2.45 per share. With good visibility into the rest of the year, we are narrowing our 2021 guidance range to 590 through 610 per share and expect to achieve 2022 and 2023 results in line with our outlooks. Further, we are extending our outlooks to include 2024 and see our steady predictable growth of 5% to 7% percent continuing through this period. Additionally, we achieved the milestone of raising our dividend by 6% and aligning with our earnings growth. This happened on the schedule we previously communicated and represents another commitment met. We have developed a more resilient business and despite $65 million of non-fuel revenue losses in the third quarter due to Hurricane Ida, we are maintaining our financial commitments. Our resiliency provide stability that is valuable to all of our stakeholders, particularly customers and owners. The quarter was heavily impacted by Hurricane Eta, which made landfall as a strong category for hurricane bringing powerful destructive wins across New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and beyond. Our coastal communities were particularly hard hit by both strong winds and storm surge. Ida disrupted the lives and businesses of many of our customers and communities and Entergy was there to help when they needed us. We gathered a restoration force of 27,000 our largest ever. Representing Entergy employees, contractors, and mutual assistance crews, from 41 states across the country. I would like to take a moment to personally thank our employees and the crews who answered the call, to come help restore power to our impacted customers. Further gratitude goes to our employees who worked restoration despite their own homes being damaged by Ida. They epitomize what it means to put our customers first, I never cease to be amazed by the dedication and effectiveness of the many restoration workers who step away from their lives for weeks at a time, help our customers and communities get their lives and livelihoods back up and running again. Despite IDAS wins creating significant damage and destruction across our power grid with close to a million peak outages, our team restored customers at a rapid pace. In just over a week, we had roughly half of all customers restored. Metro areas like New Orleans and Baton Rouge saw restoration essentially completed by day 10. Within 3 weeks, more than 98% of all affected customers were restored. And it's easy to lose sight of the fact that this restoration was successfully accomplished while dealing with the effects of the pandemic. Entergy also helped our customers and communities throughout the recovery process by developing -- deploying 165 commercial scale generators to power critical community infrastructure like medical facilities, gas stations, grocery stores, municipal water systems in community cooling centers in advance, and power being restored. In addition to restoration work, Entergy's employees contributed countless hours to their communities and Entergy shareholders committed $1.2 to $5 million to help affected communities rebuild and recover. While power has been restored to customers who can safely take it, our job is not finished. We are committed to minimizing the effects of IDA on our customers bills. We will work with our regulators to seek securitization of Ida storm costs, which is a proven and low cost means of recovery. Further, we are coordinating with key officials and stakeholders, including Louisiana Governor Edwards, the City Council of New Orleans, Louisiana Public Service Commission, Louisiana congressional delegation and the Biden administration seek federal support that could offset the cost of our customers for Ida in the 2020 storms. There's widespread alignment amongst state and local leaders on the compelling case that louisiana has to obtain federal support. We are fully aligned with this perspective. To be clear, any federal funding that Entergy utilities obtain will reduce the customer obligation, dollar for dollar. We're also committed to mitigating the impacts of future storms. Entergy has made significant transmission and distribution investments. Nearly $10 billion over the last 5 years, which made our system more resilient. We've seen those new investments performed well under the most challenging conditions. Wind damage to our transmission structures, for example, has occurred most almost exclusively to older structures built to prior standards. It has become clear that major weather events of all types are occurring more frequently. And with greater intensity. Hurricane Laura made landfall as the strongest storms hit the Louisiana Coast since 1856. Then exactly 12 months later, Hurricane Ida hit with almost equal force. Our resilient standards and asset programs have never been static. And we've continued to evolve them. And as I mentioned, our investments are working as designed. However, the uptick in severity and frequency of storms is compelling us to take a fresh look at how we can make our system more resilient, including the pace at which we can achieve it. Even prior to Ida. We're actively deploying multiple options along our resiliency scale, particularly for our service area of south of I10 and I12, which has the greatest exposure to Hurricane strength winds and flooding. Evaluating these resiliency options needs to be done under future climate scenarios. And we're taking into account important considerations, such as customer affordability and sufficiency of materials and skilled labor. This customer-driven investment will be significant and we will work collaboratively with our regulators and other stakeholders to determine the optimal path forward. Coming back to the quarter, I would like to highlight that despite dealing with a major storm, the business continued to run well without missing a beat. We've made great progress in several open proceedings. first, EBITDA Arkansas filed a unanimous settlement for its formula rate plan, and the Arkansas Commission has agreed to cancel the hearing and take up the settlement based on the filed testimony, which is positive. New rates in arkansas will be implemented in January. In New Orleans. We recently implemented rates at the level that reflected all adjustments proposed by the counsels advisors. So there are no further proceedings there. We also are pleased to note that Entergy, Arkansas reached a settlement with key customers of it's green promise tariff filing. If approved, this tariff will enable us to offer green solutions to meet the growing sustainability demands of our customers. And we're making progress on other open proceedings. And Entergy Louisiana, its FRP rates went into effect. Entergy Arkansas received approval for the West Memphis solar project. Entergy Texas reached an unopposed settlement on its 2020 storm costs filing. And Entergy Texas also filed for approval of the Orange County advanced power station. And the Louisiana 2020 storm recovery and securitization process remains on track. We continue to make progress on de -carbonizing our fleet. We've announced 5 gigawatts of solar and our supply plan through 2030 with a goal of doing more. And an update to our supply plan in renewables growth will be provided next week at EEI. In addition to helping meet decarbonization goals, the cost of renewable resources relative to conventional resources continues to trend favorably. And renewable resources provide an important edge against rising and volatile natural gas prices. We'll provide more details around our latest resource plans at EEI. Last quarter I discussed ways in which Entergy can help our industrial customers meet their sustainability goals. While many of expressed long-term goals like net 0 by 2050, even more have developed shorter-term interim goals that will require action by the end of the decade. Clean electrification is one of several important tools that are industrial customers have as means to achieve their objectives. Clean electrification provides a great opportunity for load growth. And we will require significant capital investment in renewable generation, transmission, and distribution. The load growth that comes with electrification will help pay for incremental customer - centric investments. We'll have more to discuss regarding the opportunity we have to help our customers meet their sustainability objectives next week at EEI. While it is important to discuss these longer-term growth opportunities, I want to make sure we don't lose sight of the very solid based investment plan that we have in front of us. Over the next three years, we have a $12 billion capital plan that is designed to deliver reliability, resilience, and improved customer experience, and environmental and cost efficiency benefits to our customers. When paired with our well-defined regulatory constructs, a plan will deliver 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth for our owners over the next 3 years. That's a very solid base plan. And beyond this strong foundation, these other opportunities and renewable generation, clean electrification, and resilience acceleration will serve to extend our runway of growth throughout the rest of the decade. We look forward to continuing the conversation with you at the EEI Financial Conference. Now, Drew will review the quarterly results.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Today we're reporting solid results even with the challenges from Hurricane Ida. Summarized on slide five, our adjusted earnings per share was $2.45, slightly higher than a year ago. We continue to execute our strategy and we are firmly on track to meet our commitments. In fact, with three quarters of the year behind us, we are narrowing our guidance range to $5.90 to $6.10. We're also affirming our outlooks and extending the outlook period through 2024. and we recently raised our dividend to align with our adjusted EPS growth rates. Turning to slide 6, our investments to improve customer outcomes continue to drive growth. That includes rate changes to recover those investments, as well as associated new operating expenses. Industrial build sales were 10% stronger than a year ago. We saw increases across most segments with largest increases in primary metals, petrochemicals, transportation, industrial gases, and Chlor Alkali. This reaffirms the strength of our industrial customer base. And in a world with supply chain constraints and higher energy prices, our industrial customers, businesses remained strong and competitive. These industrial sales were strong despite Hurricane Ida. Overall, across all classes, we estimate that third quarter revenues were approximately $65 million lower as a result of Ida. Hurricane lowers impact on third quarter 2020 was approximately half of that. Other O&M was higher this quarter as planned. This is partly due to higher costs for distribution operations, including reliability costs, higher expenses in our power generation function, and higher health and benefit costs. Moving to EWC on Slide seven, you'll see results were slightly lower than a year ago. The key driver was the shutdown and sale of Indian Point. Operating cash flow for the quarter as shown on Slide eight, the quarter's results is about $300 million higher than last year. The increase is due largely to improve collections from customers, including collections associated with investments to benefit customers and Winter Storm URI. This was partially offset by expenditures related to higher natural gas prices. Slide nine summarizes our credit and liquidity. We expect to maintain our current credit ratings and we continue to expect to achieve targeted rating agency credit metrics as storm restoration spending is securitized and we retire storm-related debt. We'll take a minute to discuss our balance sheet, beginning with a quick update on Hurricane Ida on Slide 10. Over the past several weeks, we've refined our cost estimates and we've shaved $100 million off the upper end of the range. The total cost is now expected to be $2.1 to $2.5 billion. We've also updated our estimate of the non-fuel revenue loss, to $75 to $80 million the lower half of our previous range. While our net liquidity, including storm reserves remained strong at $4 billion, we are also working to ensure timely storm cost recovery. That starts with the successful restoration effort and proceed through two avenues. First, Entergy, Louisiana amended its 2020 storm filing to request an additional $1 billion to provide early liquidity for Hurricane Ida costs. And in Texas, we reached a settlement on the 2020 storm costs filing. And that is now before the PUCT. Second, we haven't improved the efficiency of our storm invoice processing to accelerate our filings and ultimately cost recovery. We plan to complete financing for the 2020 storms by early next year and Ida by the end of next year. And our work isn't over, will continue to identify ways to further reduce business risk. As Leo highlighted, we're looking forward to a conversation with our customers, retail regulators, and other stakeholders about how we best accelerate and implement a strong resilient plan. We have already hard and more than half of our critical transmission and distribution structures along the Gulf Coast to standards implemented after Katrina and Ida. Continue to move the bar higher by reevaluating current standards using the latest weather data. In addition, a comprehensive resilience plan needs to include the strategic placement of assets to allow higher-risk community to recover more quickly. For example, microgrids, distributed energy resources, and deployment of generators Leo highlighted to certain critical customers. The aftermath of storms could be very helpful in supporting communities as they recover. Going to more depth on this in our conversations of EEI. In addition to physical resilience, our regulators know the importance of a healthy credit at the operating companies to support customers. And they have put in place time-tested cost recovery mechanisms such as securitization, as storm reserves to support that need. We are fortunate that and looking to recover the 2020 and 2021 storm costs, we're starting with some of the lowest rates in the country. We have significant electrification growth potential that could help pay for incremental customer centric investments and future storm costs. All of these will support oupr credit has a regulators and key stakeholders aligned with us around a strong resilience acceleration plan. In addition, we continue to execute on the exit of EWC and were less than a year from completing our plan. The resulting improvements were recognized by S&P last fall through our improved business risk profile and by Moody's just this past quarter through changes to our rating thresholds. Those changes remain in place and our ratings reflect future storm risk. As a result, we were able to reduce our 2021 to 2024 equity need. Combined with our ATM transactions, our future equity need is more than 50% lower than the $2.5 billion communicated in Analyst Day last year. Moving to slide 11, we have a clear line of sight on the remainder of the year. And for the third year in a row, we are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance. In this case for 2021 to $5.90 to $6.10. We're also affirming our longer-term outlooks of 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth and extending to 2024. Our confidence in our solid base plan continues to grow. that key expression, that confidence is the dividend. For the last several years we've discussed our goal to align our dividend growth with our adjusted EPS growth. Our Board of Directors recently declared a $0.06 increase in our quarterly common dividend, dividend. Which is now $1.01 per share. That's a 6% increase as planned. We expect to continue this growth trend going forward, obviously subject to board approval. That's good news for our owners who provide the capital needed to meet our customers' evolving needs. Today, we're executing on key deliverables and we have a solid base plan to meet or exceed our strategic and financial objectives. In less than a week, we owe Rod and I will be imported to meet with many of you in person for the first time in almost two years. We'll provide our typical updates on considerations for next year's earnings expectations and will provide our preliminary 3-year capital plan, including a positive update on our expectation for renewables. We will also talk about the significant long-term customer - centric investments beyond our current outlooks from renewables, clean electrification, and acceleration of our system resilience. We're excited about these opportunities ahead and look forward to talking to you about all of it at EEI. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this question or a comment at this time, please press ( operators instructions )on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered, you wish leave with yourself from the queue, please press the pound key and we also ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Our next question -- I'm sorry, our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shar Pourreza: Hey! Good morning guys. How are you doing?
Everyone: Good morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Just a quick question here. It's starting maybe high level -- Leo, if it's okay, would -- kind of regulatory complaints from New Orleans. Do you have a sense for how the council wants to proceed at this point? Obviously they're looking for input into everything from operational response to ultimate ownership of the assets. Do you envision a path where you don't own the assets and the more or on the contrary, or is there an negotiated outcome where the city authorizes incremental spending like more transmission interconnection funded by E&O customers, to address their concern?
Leo Denault: Thanks, Shar. I would say, first of all, obviously, what we've been doing recently with the Council is, we've got through the formula rate plan. got those rates in effect. Both council as well as the LPSC and others as I had mentioned, were all aligned on approaching the federal government for offsets to customer costs through potentially CDBG funds and then even in the future in terms of storm hardening as it relates to infrastructure. That's really been where we are in terms of what's been going on recently, it's if -- all focus has been really on how do we get the next steps done in what's logical progression to what we want to do. And that is to support the credit below vnO As it relates to those other items they are still out there and we plan to co-operate with the Council as they go forward. In most of those instances, we are still wanting to hear from them in terms of what their objectives are as it relates to whether it's the ownership structure or what have you. So those are processes that they began and to the extent that they have objectives will work collaboratively with them to meet those needs. And we think that however it works out, it will work out fine for us and for them.
Shar Pourreza: Just lastly, for me and then I know you sort of touched on that a little bit around your prepared comments and it's been obviously immediate question with Investors is around the storms and maybe the expenses that were incurred. Could we just maybe get an update on some of the other mitigating factors for customer Bill head rooms. And we obviously talked about volume metric growth and the macro backdrop, but there is obviously, and also there's work you're doing with the LPS in New Orleans to get federal support. But how are you -- I guess, thinking about other charges rolling off and potentially having the Bill headroom to continue kind of investing in capex, especially as we're seeing your 24 numbers in line with the 6% midpoint growth in 24. So, could we assume this run rate remain healthy despite some of the near-term concerns around build pressure and escalating storm issues?
Andrew Marsh: [Indiscernible] this is Drew. Could you tackle that first and then I'll let Rod and Leo pitch in. I'll mention a couple of things. First of all, the securitization is what we're moving forward with in Texas and Louisiana for the recent storms. But there's also a bunch of securitization is also still rolling off. And that includes costs associated with the ICC (ph) and Hex's (ph). I think that comes rolled off next year. Same -- similar and Louisiana goosed off and, Ike rolling off and even Isaac costs are going to start to roll off maybe in 2024. So those are relatively near-term that can take some of the pressure off of the securitization costs. Also on natural gas prices. There's been a lot of discussion about natural gas prices. You obviously, a lot of people are experiencing higher natural gas prices at highlight some of the investments we've made in high efficiency CCGTs that diversification in our fleet for nuclear, it also highlights the stronger business case for solar, but the forward curve for natural gas is somewhat, as you know, backwardated and the prices get pretty low. In fact, if you just go out a couple of years, our internal forecasts are higher than what the nymex curve would say by the time you get out to something like 2024. So that's -- we don't necessarily view that as a long-term problem. Certainly it's a challenge for our customers right now. Starting with Winter Storm Yuri in the price bikes then, but we've already recovered all of those costs and we're moving forward. And then finally, for some of the growth capital, that's out there, we highlight the 3 areas associated with significant potential investments. Starting with resilience and accelerating our resilience program. That's really kind of in lieu of future securitization to the extent that we can put more resilience in place. And then what we were already planning that would offset these future securitization costs. So that's a different portion of the bill, so to speak, than we would normally see. And then of course, with renewables, fuel costs, the ONM associated with that. And if you look at our capital plan and we'll talk about this at EEI. And there's been quite a bit of rotation in our capital plan and the generation states from future CCGTs to renewables. And so that's taking up bill space that we're already planning to use. And then finally, the clean electrification as Lee. Leo mentioned in his remarks, that includes incremental sales. And that should provide space for that incremental investment. So we believe that all of that should -- there are spaces for all of these to happen, end even accelerate as we go forward in the next few years.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. I think that was helpful. Thank you for that. I appreciate it, guys. So I'll leave it at that.
Leo Denault: Thanks. Shar
Operator: Question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP markets.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, this is actually Brandon Travis on for Jeremy. Thanks for having me. First question, I'll follow-up with the second one. Can you just comment on the build back better framework and the implications that may have on Entergy in its current form? And then just particularly as it relates to nuclear hydrogen renewables ahead of your plan refresh at EEI.
Leo Denault: Sure, sure. There's a lot in there. They certainly as we look for support for things like hydrogen and support for things like existing nuclear. We view all of that. In addition to continued support for renewables, we view all of that is -- as positive towards our ability to keep a low cost profile of the future benefits associated with our capital plan. We're really, really, I guess -- I guess I'll start by saying I'm cautiously optimistic that there will be an infrastructure, infrastructure bills that will be passed. It's every day, there's new news one way or the other in terms of how that's going. You're here from. But as you know we're pretty well-positioned in the hydrogen space. We have significant fleet of existing nuclear plants. We're deploying a lot of new renewables. So all of the -- that focus on tax credits, particularly production tax credits is really -- we view that as highly supportive of what we're already planning on. Looking forward with. And when you anticipate having the capability, at least as we're interpreting things today. And I know there's a lot of devil in the details to come to be able to utilize as much of that as we can for the benefit of our customers. But again, as you know, we're very excited about the hydrogen space. As we -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we made the filing associated with getting the Orange County advanced power station, which will be hydrogen capable, approved in Texas with all the hydrogen infrastructure that's around us. That will be very, very important for not only us, but for the industry as we look to utilize long-duration storage, critical factor, factor in anyone's ability to get to net 0 by 2050. And I'd also say that's well supported by the fact that the industrial gas customers in our service territory are all exploring green, blue, and pink hydrogen as well. And so I think -- specifically we will have to see exactly where everything ends up if it gets done. But we see it as a nearly a way for us to accelerate what we're already trying to do.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. Thank you. And then we are curious on what drove the delay on the Sunflower solar project. If you could say that it was maybe supply chain-related, or if there's anything else specific that you can point to there. Thanks.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. It wasn't really supply chain-related, is just some onsite challenges that our partner ran into. But we expect it to be constructed early next year. And then we'll proceed on with it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thanks [Indiscernible] Appreciate it.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America..
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning team. Thanks for the time. So just first off, I'll leave some of the bigger details for EEI, but just following up here on the opportunities around renewables and the reconciliation ability. To the extent in which direct pay happens here, just how meaningful could this be? Especially given the prospective acceleration that you all are talking about coming with ya here?
Andrew Marsh: You're talking about refundable PTC?
Rod West : Yeah. The refundability and how that improves your credit metrics that hopefully.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. That would certainly help and also potentially change some of the investment profile that we have. Because right now we're assuming tax equity partners for all of our own transaction to facilitate the investment tax credit today. And to the extent that there are refundable PTCs that are available and it's more economic for our customers then -- than I think that we would be moving more towards 100% ownership. And so something that looks like 70, 75% ownership of each facility.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it right. So it's both capital opportunity and credit metric enhancing or you're saying it's not decisively credit head thing because of the higher capital and you have an updated the equity component yet either.
Andrew Marsh: Yes. It probably helped a little bit, but it's I don't know if it's going to -- it's more neutral. I would think for us right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. That's good color. Thank you. And then separately, a little bit further afield here. Any progress on transmission here in Siri? I know that's been out there for a bit. Obviously, we've got some others in the sector resolving or the -- settling their issues here. Any thoughts?
Rod West : This is Rod. Good morning. On the every front, short answer is no. The litigation matters that have been pending for some time as we shared before, [Indiscernible] and have any specified timeline. We are hopeful that between the end of this year, beginning of next -- of 2022, we'll begin to see some resolution, I think starting first with the ROE cap structure matter, but the short answer is no material changes because it's all in FERC's domain at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, excellent wildwood to EEI to fall further, guys, customer OCC.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: I will cede it back to someone else. My questions have been already asked and answered. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: By the way, Rod, my team is putting in a good word for [Indiscernible] forest. comments [Indiscernible]
Steve Fleishman: We've got 2 graduates. So just first on the support from the federal government. And could you just talk a little bit more about the path to kind of -- is there certain bills? Is this just going to be an executive? Or just -- can you just talk a little bit more about how we'll learn about this?
Leo Denault: Sure. So -- I'll start and let Rod jump in because Rod has actually been down this path before have post Katrina as it relates to the CDBG funds we're acquired for New Orleans. As you know, governor Edwards has made an appeal to the government for funds to support recovery for a variety of reasons, as it reported, as it relates to 2020 storms, as well as Hurricane Ida. And in those requests of the administration, he's put in play -- he's put in about $1.2, $1.3 billion for utility restoration offsets for our customers. So the process has been for us to, to work with our congressional delegations, the LPSC, the state council, and the governor is trying in convince effectively the federal government to appropriate dollars to go. They would go through HUD to the state. In the form of community development block grants. And then we're also positioning for HUD to vital opportunity for a waiver so that the governor can actually allocate those dollars to investor-owned utilities in addition to what muni's and co-ops and housing and other things that obviously are very, very important. We're working through that process right now. A lot of us have spent time with our delegations. We've spend time at the White House. We're spending time with agency, secretaries. So all of that is in place to try and work toward offsetting costs associated with not only Hurricane Ida, but this would also go back to 2020 storms, which was also part of the Governor's request. And Rod, If you have anything to add to --
Rod West : Yeah. And I guess the only thing that remains uncertain is the timing. Just like I made reference to FERC and some of the series things before. There's no specific timetable for the administration congress are hood to act on the Governor's request. It's now in their hands. I think the most significant development from our vantage point is that we have clear alignment amongst the delegation and express support from the White House. And our governor for the utility customers that's a big deal. As we think back to our experiences during Katrina, it took a while to get that alignment. That the objective of offsetting on dollar-for-dollar basis, the regulatory compact impact of storms on customer bills. There's no lack of alignment around the desire to achieve that, so that part we've been able to close the gap
Andrew Marsh: on quicker than in prior storm disaster events. Now comes the ultimate decision-making process of allocating those funds to the states so that the governor could industry, though. Timelines uncertain, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then the same alignment you talked about focusing on better resiliency. I mean, I think you've talked about how your newer polls have held up well to these two storms but there's just a huge amount of [Indiscernible] placement that could be needed to probably do that. As we're thinking about this, is this something that would likely end up being done through kind of a rate base type mechanism or something different than that?
Rod West : If we were to accelerate the capital program, the short answer is yes. That if we are -- obviously we are remindful of affordability in this conversation. But if we were accelerating a resiliency buildout You would expect that we would seek some type of alignment from the regulators with some type of recovery rider that might operate outside -- might have to operate outside of an existing FRP, or some adjustment to the FRP to attack this specific. Rick assets kind of renewal and resiliency plans. So it play out on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis, as you know. But yeah, I think the answer to your question is yes. It would play as a -- as a rate base play. But on -- but on accelerated basis outside of the normal -- normal ratemaking.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then -- that's helpful. And then just on the -- as you mentioned, you lowered the equity financing need by more than half when you did the update a month or 2 ago. Just any better sense on timing and are you still looking at options other than just straight equity issuance to facilitate that?
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, Steve, this is Drew so we haven't updated anything except what we've said before. That's through 2024 and we've also said that we could accomplish all of this through the ATM program. That doesn't mean that we aren't looking at blocks or preferreds. Those are still out there. But we would look to do those opportunistically depending on market conditions. And we've been executing successfully with the ATM over the last several months. We will continue to do that unless, like I said, an opportunistic going come along and we can execute with the block. but otherwise we'll just continue to complete with our -- with our ATM and we should get it done fairly quickly, would be my guess.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our last question comes from Jonathan Arnold, with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold : Good morning, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold : Just a couple -- From your comment Leo, of the beginning, there's knows for the outstanding issue with the New Orleans City Council, I was good to hear. I recall at one point they were -- prevented you from implementing the formula rate is decision effectively last week, just really move you beyond that, is that, or what were you saying?
Rod West : Yes. Rod. Yes. The decision to implement the FRP basically obviates the conversation around any push back on the normal operation of the Formula Rate Plan as we had settled with the Council. So that is net positive in the continuing discussions with the Council.
Jonathan Arnold : Great. Thank you, Rob. Just more broadly, that started to be I feel some noise around the cost benefit of Entergy's membership of mitre in some of your jurisdictions. And I'm just curious whether you have any perspective as to whether we might see any changes, and what kind of -- what venue sort of four. [Indiscernible]
Leo Denault: Jonathan, obviously, our participation in MISO today has been very valuable to our customers we've saved about $1.75 billion normally over the period of times since 2014 when we joined. And the 2013. So certainly there has been a benefit to my -- so where we see our regulators taking issue. And we're actually -- we're supportive of them. It's just making sure that we get the allocation of cost of major transmission projects done correctly. And making sure that as we would like to see that the people get benefit to major transmission upgrades are the ones who actually bear the cost of major transmission upgrades, as to people who don't get any benefit fair on that costs. So we're aligned with our regulators in that, in that concept and the theory. We're certainly not in a position where we're looking to exit MISO at any point in time. We entered MISO because of the benefits, we've obviously seen those benefits. But as the world evolves, and as [Indiscernible] capital plans evolve, and the transition to renewables evolve, and differently, North versus South, we just need to make sure that we continue to evolve the process cost allocation in a thoughtful way, that's all.
Jonathan Arnold : Great. Thank you there.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Bill for closing remarks.
Bill Abler: Thank you, Kevin. And thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 5th and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called, Regulatory And Other Information, which provides key updates on regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant Company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Bill Abler, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Bill Abler: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to report another solid quarter. Our adjusted earnings were $1.34 per share, including a negative impact from milder-than-normal weather. The underlying utility performance was strong and our team successfully executed on multiple deliverables across the business. Our execution not only this year, but over the last several years has resulted in strong growth and lower risk. This in turn has provided us more financial flexibility, which was most recently recognized by Moody's. The result is enhanced ability to manage risk and lower equity needs to fund our growth. The bottom line is we're on track to deliver on our commitments including our financial results. We have a clear line of sight to achieving our 2021 guidance, as well as our longer-term financial outlooks. And with the added financial flexibility from our lower business risk profile, we expect to be in the top-half of those ranges. Our 3-year $12 billion capital plan is the foundation. It is designed to deliver important benefits to our customers and will result in 5% to 7% adjusted EPS and dividend growth. Our capital investments will improve customer outcomes along several dimensions, including reliability, resiliency, affordability and sustainability. Our plan also supports our expectation of at least 5,000 megawatts of renewables by 2030. delivering on our environmental stewardship commitments. There is a great deal of certainty around the execution of our plan as more than 90% of our investments today are tied to enhancing technology across our system to improve reliability and resiliency. 90% of our investments will be recovered through efficient and timely regulatory mechanisms, such as FRPs and riders. And 90% of these investments are ready for execution from a regulatory standpoint. Additionally, we were able to manage our costs to provide certainty to our stakeholders through both our flex spending program and continuous improvement. These initiatives allow us to manage our customers' bills and keep them affordable, while also providing steady predictable growth in earnings and dividends for owners. We have consistently maintained rates among the lowest in the country, and we have achieved 7% compound annual growth in adjusted EPS for 2016 to 2020. Our accomplishments so far this year keep us firmly on the path to meet our objectives. One important objective is increasing our renewable and clean energy resources. To that end, Entergy Texas began the process to seek approval to construct the Orange County Advanced Power Station, a large scale hydrogen capable facility that represents a significant milestone in our strategy to provide clean energy that also supports reliability. We received approval from the Arkansas Commission for the Walnut Bend Solar project. We will own this 100 megawatt facility, which is expected to be placed in service in 2022. It will provide clean energy for our customers in Arkansas and possibly provide capacity under a green tariff. We recently filed our proposed [green promise tariff] [ph] in Arkansas to allow for the sale of designated renewable energy to interested customers. Many customers have expressed interest in such an offer. And in fact, customers had input into the development of the proposal. We have received signed non-binding letters of interest from 20 customers, including Walmart, a global technology company, a major retail pharmacy company, nearly a dozen hospitals or hospital networks in Arkansas University, and a number of large manufacturing customers. Our customers are telling us what they want and we're listening. We're working to bring them offerings such as [green promise] [ph] to help them achieve their sustainability goals. We also continue to make progress on our annual FRPs, which provide for timely recovery of investments that benefit customers. Entergy Mississippi's FRP was approved and the full rates are in effect. And we submitted our annual filings in 3 jurisdictions: Arkansas, Louisiana and New Orleans. Many of you are interested in our strong recovery filings and they remain on track. Legislation to support off-balance-sheet securitization passed in Louisiana and Texas. And we expect to receive proceeds by mid-2022. In fact, Entergy Louisiana filed its request for securitization this past Friday. As I mentioned before, building greater resiliency into our system is an ongoing focus. Some of our resiliency improvements have been occurring as normal course of business, as we replace aging transmission and distribution infrastructure with assets designed, the latest standards, and able to handle higher wind-loading or flood levels. At times, these resiliency improvements are accelerated, like when we build back better after a major storm. However, we won't wait for another storm to continue to strengthen our system. We're conducting a review of our critical infrastructure. We are developing long-term plans to continue this progress on the path to greater resiliency. Customer affordability continues to be a cornerstone of our plan. We're starting at a great place. And looking ahead, even after accounting for storm recovery, we will still expect our rates to be well below the national average. And the annual growth rate for average bills from 2021 to 2024, is slightly above 2%. Bottom line, so we have a solid plan with significant certainty and a strong growth outlook. We consistently execute on our key deliverables that underlie our commitments. We have a proven track record of delivering on those commitments. We're confident that we will be successful, but we're not stopping there. We aspire to do even better. Over the last several years, we've been highlighting the opportunity we see in customer solutions. We've begun to commercialize some of those solutions such as Power Through, our backup generator solution, and Shore Power, electrification of ships while in ports. We are also developing other products to further electrification of industrial processes to accelerate the development of EV infrastructure. We are expanding our product and service offerings to help our C&I customers meet their sustainability objectives. We are actively working to reduce our carbon emissions, and that will help all of our customers reduce their Scope 2 emissions. To further support our customers' aggressive decarbonization goals. We will leverage green tariffs to provide carbon-free resources to further reduce their Scope 2 emissions. As you all know, Entergy has a large industrial base with about 40% of our demand coming from industrial customers. Some have viewed this as a risk, but we disagree. We see continued opportunity in this sector and here's why. Our industrial customers are efficient, diverse producers with infrastructure and labor competitive advantages. Our Gulf Coast refineries produce a wide variety of feedstocks and finished products highly integrated into the value chain. This is not going away. Even as products like cars evolve toward more sustainable options, the components of these products will still be needed. For example, cars and trucks will still have tires, frames and dashboards, all things created from feedstocks produced by Entergy's industrial customers. Additionally, in carbon-constrained world, we see opportunity for additional growth in demand from our industrial customers. Talked about green tariffs is one way to help them meet sustainability goals, but that only addresses Scope 2 emissions that come from their power purchases. The lion's share of our industrial carbon emissions come from Scope 1 emissions from fossil fuels that they use on site. Again, we're developing ways to help customers reduce their Scope 1 emissions through electrification, including electrification with green options. Substantial opportunity exists for us to help them electrify processes, such as compression for LNG or product pipelines, cogeneration replacing a fossil fuel process with an electric alternative, and process heat to convert on-site boilers to electric heating. And as our customers adapt carbon-capture utilization and storage, we can provide green energy to maximize the benefit of that technology. As we discussed, Entergy's geographic positioning in the heart of hydrogen producers' pipeline, storage and consumers represents another unique opportunity. We have the ability to help our hydrogen customers both producers and consumers convert to carbon-friendly hydrogen alternatives. The bottom line is that we believe our large industrial base is Entergy a unique advantage and growth opportunity in a rapidly decarbonizing world. Turning our efforts - to our efforts around hydrogen, which we see as physical part of a clean energy future, we're working with Mitsubishi Power to advance technologies and expertise in hydrogen for the benefit of our customers. Part of our collaboration involves the hydrogen capable Orange County Advanced Power Station, which I mentioned earlier. We're also continuing our work on Montgomery County Innovation Center, 25-megawatt electrolysis facility to demonstrate green and clean hydrogen production capabilities. Finally, we recently participate in the DOE's Hydrogen Energy Earthshots initiative. Our goal is to secure federal funding to help jumpstart hydrogen demonstration projects in our region. In a matter that mitigates impacts on our customer's bills. We expect to see a request for proposal notice from the DOE later this year, or early next year. At Entergy, we have a solid strategy to achieve our objectives. We are an industry leader in sustainability. We have one of the cleanest, large scale generation fleets in the countries and we're working to make it even cleaner. We have a robust capital plan to meet our customers evolving needs or low rates position as well. We're committed to continuous improvement for the benefit of our stakeholders. We have a clear line of sight to 5% to 7% earnings and dividend growth. And we have a unique advantage with our customer base to provide sustainability solutions that could result in incremental sales growth. Even with our excellent positioning today, our goal is to do more. These are exciting times. And we're working to create a very bright future for our company. I'll now turn the call over to Drew, who will review our financial results for the quarter as well as our outlooks.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting results for another solid quarter. As you can see on Slide 5, we have experienced robust sales as we recover from the impact of COVID-19. And we continue to execute on our key deliverables. We're well on our way to achieving our goals for the year, and we are affirming our strong guidance and longer term outlooks, while pointing to the upper end of the range for each. Turning to Slide 6, you'll see the primary drivers for earnings in the quarter were straightforward. We continue to see the effects of our investments to improve customer outcomes, green rate changes to recover those investments. We also saw effects of the COVID-19 recovery. Sales were higher than last year, despite negative weather in the quarter. Our industrial sales improved 7.1% year-over-year driven by economic recovery and growth, our industrial customers are now running at levels exceeding 2019. Commercial sales also are continuing to recover as businesses reopen and residential sales are beginning to taper as workers go back to their offices. On Slide 7, you'll see a little more detail on key sector indicators for our industrial customers. These 4 sectors collectively represent nearly half of our industrial sales. As you can see the economic indicators are healthy and at or near multiyear high points. Inventories are back in alignment. Commodity spreads have improved and volumes and margins are doing better across the board. Overall, our industrial base has rebounded nicely from the challenges of 2020. You are fortunate to have a resilient and competitively advantaged industrial base. Turning back to the earnings drivers are spending increased as we return to more normal business conditions. This increase is expected, as we significantly reduced costs last year to offset the effects of COVID-19. The spending includes increased scope of work and are generating plants, including outages differed from the past year. You also have incremental spending for new plants and service, and in our focus areas of reliability and improving the customer experience. Our O&M expectation for the full year remains $2.7 billion. And we will continue to utilize our flexible spending tools to achieve steady predictable results. Moving to EWC on Slide 8, you'll see the results were lower than the prior year. The key driver was the sale of Indian Point to Holtec. The sale resulted in a pre-tax charge of $340 million, driven primarily by the nuclear decommissioning trust exceeding the decommissioning liability. The sale of the Indian Point is significant accomplishment and an important milestone in our exit of EWC, and one which further improves our business risk profile, the impact of which I will address shortly. Operating cash flow for the quarter is shown on Slide 9. The quarters result is slightly higher than last year's operating cash flow returns to more normal levels. This change is due primarily to improve collections from customers, which are offset by a few items. Fuel prices increased compared to last year, and we saw a negative cash flow impact from the tightening of fuel and purchase power cost recovery. Severance and retention payments were higher at EWC relating to the closure and sale of Indian Point. And we also had some remaining payments for non-capital 2020 storm costs. Our current credit metrics are shown on Slide 10. Our parent debt to total debt is 22.4%. And our FFO to debt is 8.3%. Our FFO to debt remained suppressed in large part due to the financial impacts from storms. As we mentioned the past few quarters, we expect the metric to return to targeted levels in 2022, after we received securitization proceeds and pay down the incremental debt. We've made our storm recovery filings in Louisiana, Texas and New Orleans. As Leo noted, both Louisiana and Texas passed legislation to support off balance sheet treatment for securitization. And last week, Entergy Louisiana made it securitization filing. Recovering storm cost through securitized debt is the best alternative for customers to help strengthen our balance sheet. As we communicated, we have several options to meet our equity needs. In this past quarter, we utilized the at-the-market equity program. As of the end of June, we had sold approximately $73 million of common stock of which approximately two-thirds were forward sales, which could settle as late as next fall. Finally, I'd like to discuss the Moody's advisory that was issued this past week. So affirming series investment grade ratings, Moody's did place SERI on negative outlook citing the currently pending cases filed against SERI at FERC by Retail Utility Commissions. Moody's indicated that these cases have the potential to erode series earnings power and cost recovery. While we are, of course, disappointed by this change, we recognize that the level of claims brought against SERI approach the value of Grand Gulf and the regulatory environment in which SERI is operating is far from constructive. In the same advisory, Moody's affirmed the parent investment grade rating and outlook, recognizing the Entergy's larger size and diversity could withstand adverse outcomes at SERI. In addition, Moody's recognized our improved business risk profile, which is a result of our successful multiyear strategy to wind down EWC merchant business and grow our utility business. To do this, they reduced the cash flow from operations minus working capital to debt threshold that's a bit of a mouthful, for Entergy Corporation from 15% to 14%. We are pleased with the recognition of the de-risking that we've accomplished in our business and combined with S&Ps simpler recognition last fall, we are excited about the enhanced financial flexibility that our work has unlocked. Moving to Slide 11, the recent recognition of our de-risking efforts and incremental balance sheet capacity, we are early in the process of determining its full impact on our plans and outlooks. With that said, there are some early takeaways. First, the incremental capacity significantly increases our confidence in our ability to execute the current business plan. Second, we will not need as much equity to fund our utility growth. While we are affirming our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.80 to $6.10, as well as our longer-term outlook for 5% to 7% adjusted earnings per share growth. The combination of the improved confidence and lower equity need places us in the top half of our guidance and outlook ranges. We have a clear line of sight on our capital plans to benefit customers and a robust balance sheet to support that investment both underpinned by a strong continuous improvement program, and discipline flexible spending plans. We plan to invest for the benefit of our customers in project designed to improve reliability, sustainability, resiliency, and customer experience. These investments and programs further support community economic development, and employee development, all while keeping our focus on low rates. Finally, the incremental balance sheet capacity resulting from our de-risking efforts will enhance our ability to unlock the significant investment opportunities that will flow from working alongside our commercial and industrial customers that Leo described to help them lower their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Today, we are executing on our key deliverables. And we are firmly on track to meet or exceed our financial objectives. We are investing in customer solutions to enhance our customer experience. And our investments in renewables and hydrogen technology will continue to support our sustainability efforts, and those of our customers to provide new opportunities in the future. We are very excited about the growth opportunities ahead. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. It's actually Rich on for Jeremy. Thanks for taking our questions today.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Rich.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe just starting with the equity message, first, I realize you laid out some of the drivers behind this. But just wanted to drill down more specifically on the share-count aspects for 2021 as well as just the overall evaluations. Can you speak a little bit more just to the timing of updating for the new Moody's outlook? And what other considerations around business mix and where the plan stands now could factor into the lower equity needs?
Andrew Marsh: Sure. So I'll talk about the time. This is Drew. I'll talk about the timing first. We have been working on this a long time. But we just got the recognition from Moody's in the past week or so as I mentioned. And so, we are still early in the assessment of what the overall impact means. I pointed to a couple of the early elements associated with it. We expect to complete that this fall. It could be sooner. I would say probably no later than EEI. But it could be sooner than that. And as it relates to something like the share count or specifics around size, I don't have those kinds of details available to give you today, other than to say, we believe it'd be meaningful, it'll be a meaningful change. In terms of the evaluation, which is I think part of the question that you had in there, we still want to make sure that we are hitting our earnings and credit expectations. We will still need to issue a little bit of equity to do that. But the opportunity is much more robust in front of us now. We think it's been significantly de-risked. We have a lot more confidence, as I said, in our ability to execute. But we don't have specifics that we can give you today. A couple other sizing or I should say evaluation perspectives, one is that as we have talked about extensively, we have a significant growth opportunity ahead of us. And we want to make sure that we have the capacity to invest into that opportunity as it materializes. And then, Moody's specifically also talked about SERI and our ability to manage that risk as it's presented right now, specifically around the uncertain tax position case. And their perspective was that we should be able to manage that risk and still meet the expectations around earnings and credit. And so, we want to make sure that we have that capacity built in as well. And of course, we still believe that we're going to be successful in SERI. I know that wasn't really a question. But if that doesn't materialize, that would be incremental opportunity for us to invest in the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks for the color there. And then, maybe just switching gears to the CCGT in Texas, what is the timeline for regulatory approval? And do you expect the hydrogen aspect to impact approvals process at all?
Rod West: It's Rod. Good morning. From the procedural standpoint, the process will begin at the commission right around the Labor Day timeframe. We're zeroing in on that. And then the procedural schedule will be set by the PUCT. And that process could run 6 to 12 months if we're efficient in the way that we're pursuing it. But again, that's up to the PUCT in Texas. And you asked the question around the hydrogen component. I want to make sure I heard the question correctly.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure, just curious if, given the novel nature of the hydrogen component, if you expect that to impact the approvals process at all?
Rod West: No, the hydrogen component as it's currently configured represents approximately 5% of the overall cost. And we believe we have a compelling case for why having that flexibility benefits our customers, and certainly would support the CCN. So it's novel, of course, and we're prepared to explain why it's beneficial. But more importantly, bringing our customer benefits along, when we think about the industrial opportunity that we're - that both Leo and Drew referenced. We think that also adds to the viability of hydrogen being part of the CCN process at this stage.
Leo Denault: Jeremy, I'll just add to what Rod said, there are 2 advantageous components to the hydrogen piece of this. One is certainly in the environmental space, that hydrogen is a cleaner fuel. The other is that what we are going to end up with at the end of the day is a dual-fuel unit. It'll be able to run on natural gas, or hydrogen, or any combination in between. And so, if you think about resiliency, that optionality provides not only environmental benefits, but an added level of resiliency, which we've all seen is something that we need, as we start to deal with weather events.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you for the color there.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Congratulations on some of these updates. Really well done.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can, if I can try to rehash a little bit. I know it's early in the process, but maybe the other way to ask this is, what are the big puts and takes as you think about the outlook now, relative to new targets, et cetera? I just want to make sure that, as you think about it, what are the building blocks that you're, shall we say, assessing here early in the process? And then related to that, if you can just sneak this in there? Where are you just in the financing plan year to date? I know, this is all fluid and dynamic. But what have you done thus far this year, relative to the full year plan and expectations here if you can around that?
Andrew Marsh: So, Julien, this is Drew. In terms of the big puts and takes, I mean, I think the first thing is just sort of the back of the envelope math, in terms of what the - how much put and take is out there. And when you go from 15% to 14%, given the size of our cash flow, it's somewhere in the $1.7 billion to $2 billion range. And it is sort of growing over time. So it's a lot of extra capacity. And what we are considering in terms of the building blocks, I think, as I mentioned, I think there's probably 3 big ones, right? One is, now, okay, so how much incremental equity do we really need right now, that'll take up some of that capacity. One is, how much opportunity is really out there for growth in the commercial industrial space, as we ramp up our ability to work alongside our customers to manage their Scope 1 and Scope 2 positions. I mean, those are probably the 2 big ones. Then Moody's specifically talked about our ability to manage identifiable risks that are out there. And they pointed to SERI specifically, and if you take the ALJ's recommendation around uncertain tax position, that's in the ballpark of a little over $500 million. That could be a piece of capacity as well. Certainly, we are very comfortable in the way that we are positioned in that case. And we can go through that. And we have in the past, as you know, Julien. So, I mean, I think that is additional, something that we're thinking about as well, making sure that we have the capacity to manage that risk like that. And that Moody's was pointing at that. So, I mean, those are the 3 things. And, we certainly had a forecast before this ruling last week that said, we were going to hit our earnings expectations, we were going to hit our targets on credit, those are still the case. Now, we have extra capacity to do that and manage through these new opportunities and these risks. So it's incrementally better for us, because it really de-risks our ability to execute.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And the press, is that still in the current here. I just want to understand on this specific financing.
Andrew Marsh: I'm sorry, I didn't hear that, Julien. What was the question again? That's certainly something that's on the table for us still. But we are looking at - we're sort of stepping back and thinking about, Okay, so what's the best way for us to proceed, given that we have this extra capacity? And so, we want to think through it a little bit before we proceed with any specific financings. And once we get finished with that, then we will start moving forward and communicate with you all about what our plan is.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And sorry to rehash slightly, your comments on the upper half, I just want to be extra clear about this. That is strictly tied to dilution and equity needs and that is not reflective of any changes in your cost cutting efforts and/or perhaps more critically low trends and especially industrial low trends there and et cetera.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, so we were very comfortable in our guidance and outlooks before, just to be clear. And this - the fact that we don't need to issue as much equity starts to move the earnings per share up. So that is a driver for helping us move to the upper half of the range. And that in the additional confidence that we have, because we have now had additional flexibility to achieve this earnings outcomes and the financial flexibility that we have available to us now. So the combination, I would say of those 2 things that allows us to, say, we think we're going to be in the top half of the range with some work to do to refine that for you all going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. But these are the factors, presumably are still independent?
Andrew Marsh: That's correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Excellent. Well done. We'll speak to you shortly. All the best in this process.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick one, again, on financing, given the lower need does that make you sort of more likely to look at something which might put this whole and their need to bed quicker, as opposed to sort of doing it through the plan, any thoughts on that at this early stage?
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, Jonathan, that's a good question. Certainly, that is a possibility now, we have pleaded our assessment. But that is something that we would consider if we could do it. We're mindful of the so-called equity overhang. We understand that. And so we're thinking about that is definitely a consideration as we're doing our assessment.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then, could I just to double set, I want to make sure I'm clear on what the prior plan was? I think, it was up to $2.5 billion, but that was out through 2024. Is that correct?
Andrew Marsh: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then just finally, you obviously from the Analyst Day, you also had a 2024 range out there, which you've not been including in the last couple of slide decks. I've just 3 reasons, why we wouldn't sort of continue to use that and why your comments about the upper end wouldn't also sort of fold into that longer-term outlook that you gave, whenever it was.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, so I mean, I can't go out right now, because we haven't got that information available. But our expectation is to drive steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth. And to the extent that we want to be steady and predictable that might imply what you're looking for.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thanks very much and thanks for the update.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, everyone.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: A couple of things, just on those 3 considerations, you mentioned, Drew, that one of them was the growth opportunity. I assume this is on, as you talked about, on the industrials as they look to clean up and electrify more. Just when you talk about that as a growth opportunity, are you referring it to more as a kind of rate based CapEx or as a sales and cash flow?
Leo Denault: So, Steve, that's a good question. There's a couple of growth opportunities that we're assessing right now. One, as I mentioned in my script, which doesn't have to do with your environmental benefits, necessarily, is part of it is. The assessment we're doing a resiliency across the system, which could lead to more T&D investment going forward. So that's an area that that I did want to point out, the assessment of that, in conjunction with what's going on with infrastructure in Washington, could be a combination of your rate base assets, plus some costs that are actually picked up by the states and the federal government through potentially infrastructure bill depending on how that all works out. The big opportunity, though, and we've been talking about this for a while, obviously, the size of the emissions footprint of our industrial base. And if you just go on the internet look at our industrial customers are, and look at their websites, they all have sustainability objectives that many of which are public. And so there's a couple of ways for us to help them out. One, what we already do when they provide electricity from us and some of the cleanest electricity in the country. So their Scope 2 emissions are lower. To drive those even lower, we've been discussing things like green tariffs with those customers. And that really makes the deployment of our renewables more efficient. And so, for example, we've got that solar facility that we got approval for in Arkansas, filing a green tariff in Arkansas, we already have customers like Walmart, who want to talk to us about taking a slice of those facilities, and make the deployment of those more efficient, in a way that could accelerate our investment in renewables. If there's a large uptake of that, particularly if that spreads over into our industrial customers, which we're already having discussions with them on that. Then the big opportunity is exactly what you said, is to attack their Scope 1 emissions. And that really is getting outside of just merely adding generation to the system for technological improvement. Now, we will be adding for load growth. And so you can think about it as its new load with new sales for new processes that today are not electrified, that would provide us the opportunity to deploy assets to help them meet those objectives. And primarily that could not only accelerate, but increase the size of our renewable footprint going forward. We're in the early stage of assessing the size and timing of that. So we'll be laying out more as we go. But it would be rate base additions to meet regulated utility sales for things like using natural gas compression on a pipeline today, electrifying that if you're using fossil fuels to - for compression LNG process that can be electrified. If they're co-generating with highly inefficient and high emitting generation on-site today that could be electrified by us or utilizing green tariffs or to the extent that we develop hydrogen over time that could be part of that mix as well. So it's a pretty significant opportunity that that we're in early stages of investigating rather a lot of discussions with our customers about what their needs are.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And just one other question on just the change in the equity plan, so obviously, it's great that you're targeting, seeing things now in the upper half. But actually, the amount of equity, just that difference to get you in the upper half by 2020 - in these years is actually, it's only, I don't know, maybe $300 million less equity, and you talk to potentially $1.7 billion, $2 billion of more capacity. So could you just try to kind of tie that together in terms of how to think about that? Is it - how should I just think about that?
Andrew Marsh: Well, this is Drew. I think that we are early in our assessment is probably the best way to think about that. So we got the news, that we got the recognition last week. And so we haven't completed our assessments about, what this might mean for us going forward. And, I think, what we wanted to get you early out there that we see ourselves in the top half of the range, we have more work to do around that we have a couple of things that need to factor into the analysis like you just discussed with Leo, around the growth potential that's out there, there are a couple of risk items found there that we want to make sure that we haven't had to manage. And if we can manage through them without using that capacity that's incremental capacity is available for us. But, yeah, I think you're looking at the right thing. There's a good opportunity for us out there going forward.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So it sounds like you're obviously going to update balance sheet, but also almost really a full refresh of the capital plan to for some of these things that Leo just mentioned.
Andrew Marsh: That's right. There's that opportunity out there that we're still framing it all.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Freeman with Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul Freeman: Thanks and congratulations. I guess, my first question is, should we assume that the longer term FFO to debt target now is going to be 14%?
Andrew Marsh: No, not right off the bat, because we still have some expectation of having some capacity to manage risks that are out there. But I do fully expect us to utilize some of the capacity for sort of the capital formation changes that we were just talking about and for some of the growth opportunity that we're talking about. So I wouldn't say goes all the way down to 14%, unless some of those risks were to materialize, but that's not what we're trying to do right now. The idea would be to get pass some of those risks, and then maybe we reassess whether we go down to 14%. But I don't think it would go all the way to 14%, right now.
Paul Freeman: So at some point, you'll provide sort of an amended FFO to debt target?
Andrew Marsh: I think, I have one more thing. From an Entergy perspective, I don't know that we're going to change Entergy's perspective. I mean, I think we're talking about going from 15% to 14%. The Entergy - our Entergy view is going to be well above 15%. I think, we may still actually stay above 15%, either Moody's addressed down closer, between 15% and 14%. But we may not actually amend to the Entergy target, we are still working through that.
Paul Freeman: And then do you need clarity on SERI, and in order to sort of determine what your ultimate equity needs are going to look like and when would you anticipate a final SERI order?
Andrew Marsh: Well, I mean, talk about the SERI order first. Yeah, I could the first part of that uncertain tax position in the sale leaseback we expect possibly by the end of the year, but more likely into next year. Yeah, it could be in the first quarter, it could lead into the spring. So yeah, we're getting closer on that. But I don't think we need that to start thinking about what we might do differently. We might be mindful of that as an ability to continue to hit our marks. But I don't know that we necessarily need that to get started on our changes in our capitalization plan.
Paul Freeman: So it's more likely that you'll have a better feel for the equity around the end of the year, around EEI, right?
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, I know what I said earlier was that, I would think EEI at the latest, hopefully sooner.
Paul Freeman: Great. I think that's it for questions for me. Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our last question will come from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hey, how's it going? Good morning.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning. How are you, Paul?
Paul Patterson: I'm managing. So, just I think I got everything. So around EEI, we're going to be getting an update. It sounds like on all these opportunities, is that how we should think about the - you guys are in early assessments right now, but we'll get more of a picture as to sort of what these opportunities and how it folds into the capital plan, everything, is that the timeframe we're looking at?
Leo Denault: Certainly, we'll have update on what opportunity-set looks like, what we're thinking and how it's evolved by then. The good news about the opportunity that we were just talking about is that it's a pretty long runway opportunity. It's significant opportunity that's got a long path. As you imagine, our customer base is going to be reducing their emissions over time. Some of them have, for example, their own net-zero objectives. Some of those might be as early as 2035. Some of those go out to 2050, that sort of thing. So, it's a significant opportunity that's got a long runway. So we'll get to the early parts of it as it develops. So it's kind of thing we'll continue to update. And as I said in the answer to Steve's question, it's really a load growth question and then the resource mix that we acquire to meet that load, which, again, the objective is clean energy. So it'll probably have implications for what you see in the generation mix.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And just to sort of clarify, this is basically because of the, just to make sure that I understand, the customer footprint that you guys have, their ambitions and their decarbonization ambitions and the potential to help. Is there any cost advantage that you think these customers might get? Is it just purely decarbonization? Or is there is there anything else that would be driving this? Is it just basically, look, we're the utility, they want to do this? That would mean electrification, and we're in a pretty good position to do that? Or is this the deployment of new technology or anything that we should think about that, that would be turbo-charging and evolving?
Leo Denault: Well, obviously, cost is going to be a factor, our load rates factor into it. And we certainly need to continue to help our customers be competitive as they go forward. It's going to depend on the process, for example, Shore Power is the exact same opportunity, where you've got - a ship pulls into dock. It's burning diesel fuel, to keep the lights on while they do maintenance on the ship before they go back out into the Gulf of Mexico, for example, to help with oil services out there. When we electrify that ship, we not only reduce their emissions, which was the original discussion around it, but it does lower their cost, because the trade from our electricity to diesel fuel is positive. So it does 2 things for them. It lowers their cost and it improves their emissions, both of which make them more competitive as they bid for offshore work. So it's going to be a combination of all of those things.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Well, it sounds like a great opportunity. I look forward to hearing more about it.
Leo Denault: Great. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions and I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bill Abler for any further remarks.
Bill Abler: Thank you, Michelle, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9, and provides more details and disclosures of our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of the 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet will be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called regulatory and other information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.[Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Bill Abler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Bill Abler: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions. We request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. We had a strong first quarter, and our team successfully executed on several fronts. Ill begin with the highlights. We are reporting first quarter adjusted earnings of $1.47 per share. That's an excellent start to the year and it keeps us on track to deliver on our commitments to you and all our stakeholders. In addition to solid earnings, we reached settlements of several important issues; reducing risk, providing long term clarity and solidifying a clear path for our future growth. In Arkansas, we resolved the FRP through settlement and legislation, which included a five year extension and an equitable outcome for the netting adjustment. We reached agreement on a three-year extension of the formula rate plan in Louisiana, our largest jurisdiction. We received an initial decision in the System Energy ROE and capital structure case. While we believe we have strong arguments for a better outcome in the final FERC decision, the ALJ recommendations would be manageable within our current long term forecasts. We filed the joint settlement agreement among all parties paving the way for the sale of the Indian Point Energy Center to Holtec before midyear. We are pleased with the outcomes of these proceedings as they provide certainty for you, our owners, and regulatory clarity with more than 90% of our capital plan to be recovered with timely mechanisms. This enables us to continue to make investments in a cleaner generation fleet and a more reliable delivery system that benefit our customers and our communities and support the long term growth of our business. Last quarter, we provided a comprehensive update on our clean energy efforts. We are intently focused on expanding renewables while pursuing other clean energy solutions like hydrogen and carbon capture and investing in the utilities carbon free nuclear fleet. So far this year, we have initiated three requests for proposals totaling 1000 megawatts of renewables. We are also exploring structural options for renewable projects that will lower the cost of these investments for our customers, and help ensure that we have the capital required for other needed investments that benefit our customers. Our renewable portfolio has grown significantly. We have nearly doubled our renewables capacity over the past three years with announced projects and RFPs we have clear line of sight to more than 2500 megawatts by the end of 2025, which will more than quadruple our renewable capacity from 2020. And we expect to double that with more than 5000 megawatts of renewables by 2030. In addition to renewables, we're also looking at other technologies that will help us achieve net zero carbon emissions. Those technologies include -- that to combine with renewables to provide short term storage flexibility. We are actively developing options to utilize hydrogen to support and leverage a large renewable fleet and provide clean energy with long term flexibility. We see hydrogen as a form of long duration storage for renewables, which when combined with our nuclear fleet, allows us to add additional intermittent renewable power to the grid and yet maintain reliable, dispatchable power that is 100% clean. Entergys service area is well positioned to play a key role in the transition to green hydrogen. As we are in the heart of hydrogen producers, pipeline, storage, and industrial users. We have relationship with Mitsubishi Power to advance our future in hydrogen. Together, we are working on the Orange County power and storage project, which will be hydrogen capable day one, and eventually able to run on 100% hydrogen. We're also developing the Montgomery County Innovation Center to advance electrolysis to produce hydrogen. Long term, our goal is for all of our capacity to be low or zero emitting. In addition to operating one of the cleanest large scale generating fleets in the country, we are committed to helping our customers meet their sustainability, reliability and cost goals through electrification. This is an excellent long term opportunity for us to create sustainable value for our customers across the Gulf south. We've already described how our shore power initiative has the potential to lower our customers emissions, and upgrading costs while we grow our business. In March, we announced the electric highway coalition, a multistate electric vehicle charging initiative. This collaboration will increase the number of charging options across multiple states, thereby improving convenience of long range driving with electric vehicles. Our fleet plan will also improve our carbon footprint. With the help of our vendor partners, we have set a goal that all newly acquired passenger vehicles, forklifts, pallet jacks and similar equipment be fully electric starting in 2023. As Congress puts together the legislation to implement the overarching vision of President Biden's infrastructure initiative, we see potential opportunities to improve services to our customers, improve the resiliency of the power delivery system, enhance our transition to low and zero carbon power generation and produce growth for our region. The proposal is far from [fine] [ph], but the environmental and social goals are aligned with our values and the work we are doing. Because of the improving economics of renewable resources and our customers desire for green power to support their own sustainability goals, we believe there will be support for projects that will benefit all of our stakeholders. With policy support, those projects can be done faster and at a lower cost. On Monday, we announced leadership changes in our utility organization that will sharpen our customer focus. David Ellis has been named our first Chief Customer Officer. He will lead utilities strategic efforts aimed at delivering extraordinary customer experiences, while also bringing to market innovative solutions to keep pace with evolving customer needs and expectations. David has nearly 30 years of experience in customer solutions technology, energy management and reliability. Deanna Rodriguez will succeed David as President and CEO of Entergy New Orleans. Deanna has been with Entergy for 27 years. Her industry experience combined with her background in regulatory affairs, make her ideally suited for the role. The addition of David as our first Chief Customer Officer as well as Deannas move to New Orleans show our commitment to improving our customers experiences and building the premier utility. We all know that our employees rose to the challenges of 2020. And their resiliency has continued this year. The ice and freezing temperatures of Winter Storm Uri this past February presented challenges across many aspects of our operations. Our employees worked tirelessly to balance the system and minimize customer outages. We committed $650,000 to help community non-profits and qualifying customers who were affected by the winter event. Grants went directly to local non-profits assisting low income customers with emergency needs including food banks, and SBP, an organization that helps communities rebuild after weather events. Additionally funding was also provided to the power to care, which provides Payment Assistance to Entergy customers who are low income seniors and people with disabilities. We also implement a new bill payment options for customers experiencing financial hardship. Indian Point Unit 3 will shut down in just a few days and we expect to complete the sale of that plant in just over a month. The Indian Point team is finishing strong as operations wind down in fact, they are finishing so strong that they set a new world record for the longest continuous run for a light water reactor. I would like to thank the employees of Indian Point for their dedicated service to the plant, New York and to Entergy. Through this entire shutdown and sale process, we have remained committed to our employees and all those qualified and willing to relocate have been offered positions. We look forward to them starting the next phase of their careers with us. As I said, it's been a very productive start for 2021. And we will continue to successfully achieve the milestones that keep us on track to deliver steady predictable earnings and dividend growth for you, our owners, while investing to benefit our customers and creating value for all our stakeholders. Before I hand it over Drew, I encourage you to read our recently released 2020 integrated report, Forward Together. The report outlines the significant accomplishments of 2020. When faced with circumstances that threatened to divide us, we chose to tackle challenges head on and move forward together. We supported our customers, employees and communities. We champion diversity, inclusion and belonging and we delivered on our financial commitments. The report outlines in detail the solid foundation that underlies our strategy to deliver steady predictable growth, including sustainability leadership, among the lowest retail rates in the country, one of the cleanest large scale generation fleets and getting cleaner, a robust customer centric capital plan, constructive regulatory mechanisms, and a commitment to continuous improvement for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. With the solid foundation that we have built over the last several years and the significant opportunities that lie ahead, we are more excited than ever, for what our future holds. I will now turn the call over to Drew who will review our first quarter results as well as our outlooks.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Today we are reporting strong results for the quarter. As Leo mentioned, we successfully executed on several fronts and resolved key regulatory proceedings. As a result, we continue to improve the clarity on our strong path forward, we remain confident in our future growth and we are affirming our guidance and longer term outlooks. As you can see on slide five, we have a strong start for the year with adjusted earnings of $1.47 per share. Turning to slide six, you'll see that the primary drivers for the positive quarter were straightforward and largely a result of investing for our customers and executing on our strategy. We continue to see the effect of rate actions across our jurisdictions to recover the investments we have made to benefit customers. Operating expenses including O&M and depreciation were also higher. Revenue sales were stronger with and without the effects of weather, and the weather was largely due to winter storm, Yuri. This is tempered by lower sales quarter-over-quarter and other customer classes due to the effects of COVID-19. Although overall sales were in line with our expectations. This quarter's results also included the reversal of a regulatory reserve that we recorded in fourth quarter 2020. The Reserve reflect the Arkansas Commission's original order on the 2021 formula rate plan. With further legislative and regulatory clarity on the netting adjustment methodology reserve is no longer needed. And income taxes were higher due to items have benefited 2020. Our first quarter financial performance combined with an improved result in Arkansas has put us in a good position. Following up with the plan, we discussed last quarter, we're now able to pull flex levers and put back some of the spending in investments for the benefits of our customers. Moving to EWC on slide seven, as-reported earnings per share were $0.19, $0.74 higher than the prior year. The key driver with better market performance of EWCs nuclear decommissioning trust. As Leo mentioned, we filed a joint settlement with the New York Public Service Commission earlier this month, which is a key milestone for the sale of Indian Point. And we're on track to shut down the plant in two days as well as close the sale near the end of May. Over the past several years, we have worked systematically to eliminate risks associated with exiting the business. This includes regulatory risk, commodity price risk, operational risk as evidenced by in Indian Points record run and risk for employees. In fact, we have said many boys will continue their careers in other areas, other areas of Energy's operations or with Holtec. The result is that we have dramatically improved our business risk profile and are at the threshold successfully exiting EWC next spring. Slide eight shows operating cash flow for the quarter. The result is lower than you may be expecting but it's caused by two timing related factors of which you are aware. First, Deferred fuel cost, mostly due to winter storm Yuri and discussed in our last call are approximately $350 million in the quarter, and we expect to recover them over the next few months. And second, the payments for noncapital costs related to last year's hurricane restoration efforts were approximately 200 million. These hurricane restoration costs will recover through our storm recovery filings. Despite this quarter's results, our three year operating cash flow expectation of more than $10 billion has not changed. As you might anticipate this affects our current credit metrics which are shown on slide nine. Our Parent debt to total debt is 20.3% and our FFO to debt is 8.2%. As we have mentioned for the past few quarters, our FFO to debt is temporarily suppressed in part due to financial impacts from storms, including winter storm Yuri. FFO is lower as a result of the higher deferred fuel costs in the non-capital portion of the storm restoration costs, while debt is currently higher as it was used to pay for the restoration efforts. As we said, the debt will return to normal once we received securitization proceeds next year. We made our first storm recovery filing in Texas this month, and we will file in Louisiana in New Orleans in the near future. Also legislation is moving ahead and Louisiana and Texas to support off balance sheet treatment. And both dates this legislation has already unanimously passed one legislative chamber and now moves forward to the other. We remain committed to maintaining our investment grade profile and exporting credit targets and we still expect to be at or above 15% for FFO to debt next year, and to remain below 25% for Parent debt to total debt. Moving to slide 10. We are affirming our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.80 to $6.10, as well as our longer term outlooks. As Leo mentioned, we settled the Entergy Louisiana formula rate plan and resolve the Entergy, Arkansas formulary plan, including the appropriate netting adjustment methodology, and a five year extension. Our O&M and capital spending plans are aligned with these outcomes. In addition, as we progress through the year, we'll continue to utilize our flexible spending levers to support steady, predictable earnings growth. Looking ahead, we continue to have a clear line of sight on our 5% to 7% annual growth rate for adjusted earnings per share. And we expect to grow our dividend commensurate with our EPS growth rate in the fourth quarter of this year, subject to board approval. We have a solid foundation to achieve our stakeholder objectives built on operational excellence and risk reduction. As we move forward together with our stakeholders, we see a clear path for future growth through our core utility, business and emerging opportunities associated with sustainability and improving our customer experience. This includes hydrogen and renewables on which we are keenly focused as we have discussed, and which we expect to benefit all stakeholders and support our growth trajectory throughout the decade and beyond. We see 2021 being another successful year for Entergy and we look forward to great opportunities ahead as we work toward our goal to become the premier utility. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning. It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on a great quarter. A couple of quick questions here. So you reiterate guidance and kind of the strong result of the first quarter. Are you starting to trend to the top half of your current range given the strong results and maybe some of the moving pieces here? And is there some sort of reserve in the current plan for the SERI complaint on the leaseback and tax issues? Any kind of color you can give?
DrewMarsh: So this is Drew. On the first question, obviously, it's just the first quarter it's early in the year, I would say we're off to a really good start. And in some of the things that are in our numbers, this quarter, we have said that we would flex up to put the spending back in that we had taken out to adjust for the order like for example in Arkansas. So I would say we are we are very comfortable in our range right now. But since it's only the first quarter, we're not making any adjustments just yet. And then as in regard to the reserve for SERI on the [insert and tax position. We have not] [ph], as we said before, we haven't made any reserves for that position, we still believe that we have a good position in regards to that case. And nothing has changed in that regard that would cause us to think otherwise because nothing's changed. We haven't taken any reserves from an accounting position.
Constantine Lednev: That's excellent color. And just one follow up on kind of given the recent regulatory outcomes and kind of how you move your plan around. Has that changed that two and a half million dollar equity need outworks kind of maybe a few moving pieces there and given the disconnect between the stock, are you potentially looking at any kind of alternatives to satisfy that equity content, whether it's different instruments or any kind of asset modernizations versus issuance?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So in regards the amount nothing has changed, in that regard. And that we are, we're still where we were, when we talked to you last summer. The other thing associated with the methods in which we might go access that equity capital, we've talked a little bit about that in the past, certainly, we have the ability to go do walk equity. But more recently, we put a plan in place to do at the market. And next week, we have our proxy results, which we've requested from you, all our owners, to, to allow us to do preferred equity, we think that gives more flexibility, in terms of accessing that capital. And we think we can do it in a more shareholder friendly way because it gives us the opportunity to potentially convert and not dilute our existing owners today. So that's something that we're looking to, to get next week. And so we'll know the result of that. In regards to I think the other thing that you're hinting at is something that we addressed last quarter as well around the potential sale of a portion of equity from an operating company. Going forward, and as we said, there is a difference between obviously the cost of equity at the operating company and where we are trading today. So that that is something that we were we would look closely at but that is still very much a strategic decision thats a long term decision. And it's sort of masquerading around as a financing decision. And it's really not because you can't do the transaction and then close in a couple of days, you're going to be waiting 18 months to 24 months, because you got to go get regulatory approval in our jurisdictions. So it does make it ideal from that perspective. There are other considerations that you have to also take into account, in addition to the regulatory and the timing risk, as we've seen, others execute on that it didn't actually solve their credit problem. They ended up getting downgraded anyway. So that's something that we would be have to be keenly aware of. But as a strategic issue, it's something that we pay attention to. And it's something that we are evaluating and continue to evaluate because of the price differences out there, because strategic question that it starts to get into the more M&A stuff around. Okay, so if you do this, when you go ask for approval, can you execute on it? We think there's some value there. And will it distract you from other things that are going on in the utility business, our ability to execute. So that's kind of a long answer around what sort of financing question but really turns into an M&A question on the on the key point that I think you're looking for.
Constantine Lednev: Yes, that's, that's very helpful. And thank you so much. And thank you guys for taking the questions today.
Drew Marsh: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to kind of dive into trends in your territory a bit more. What do you see behind 1Q sales? And do you have any sense on more recent trends and how sales may come in over the balance the year as we reopen post COVID here?
Rod West: Hi, its Rod West. From a sector perspective, most of the year we were expecting in the residential for instance, residential and commercial sector. We're seeing recovery from COVID in the industrial sector, where we've had and talked about our outlook and the growth there. We're seeing that sector also recovering from COVID. But in the short term, take into account some of the challenges from the recent winter storm. That said, our stakeholder engagement with specific customers within each segment support our confidence and our on-going outlooks for sales growth. So everyone is in their own way, recovering from both COVID and, and the winter storms. But we have line of sight in each sector that supports what we've shared with you from an outlook perspective on continued growth. And that's just that's not only 21, but beyond.
Drew Marsh: And Jeremy, I'll add that in and Rod referenced the winter storm, but it had an outside and outside impact on our industrial customers as of last quarter, so it's minus 3%, quarter-over-quarter, but [within] [ph] less than 1% down without the winter storm. So that's, that's a big impact. And you can see that kind of play out in our overall view for the year. Because that's not weather adjustments that we would make, we don't weather adjust the industrial customers. And then I'll also add, just from a macro perspective that we are seeing some good signals in the industrial space. We are, we see that inventories for some of our key pet chem and refined products customers are trending back to normal. So some of that inventory overhang has gone away. As a result, we've seen margins improve, crack spreads, or geographic spreads, Henry hub to Asia and Europe, for example, are trending in the right direction. And, it looks like the housing market is starting to tick up. So that could help out our core alkali customers. And, some of the just the basic macro factors, like oil prices are better now. And the dollar still hasn't rebounded all that much. And those are all sort of positive signals for our industrial customers. So we, we, we've looked at those signals, and we're optimistic, although we want to see it show up in the sales as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, got it. So it sounds like the weather depressed things a bit there. That makes sense. And just want to turn to carbon capture for a minute here. You mentioned that and just wondering, what do you, what prospects do you see in the near term there? Do you think that the 45Q as they're written now may be combined with OCFS, makes these projects economic? And I guess, what's unique about your territory is just, given the backdrop of oil and gas there, it seems like it could be more economic to do it in your area versus maybe other areas in the country. So just wondering if you could talk about how, near term that potential is or how you guys, might stand up versus others?
Drew Marsh: Yes, well, thanks. That's, that's a carbon capture is just one piece of the puzzle here. And I think our service territory really bodes well across a variety of new technological advancements, and again, will be helpful not only for the power sector, but for the people who produce some of those commodities as well as the people who consume those commodities. So you've probably seen a lot of press lately about what a lot of our customers are doing in both hydrogen and carbon capture, as well as renewables. So there's, there's a significant amount of opportunity for us, whether it's 45Q as it stands today, or whatever happens with infrastructure, legislation or tax policy around that. It's really early in the game, but certainly, the administration has been has been very clear that new technologies that provide the opportunity to lower the carbon footprint of the power sector and our industrial customers are all fair game for tax credits. All fair game for, other support and initiatives that could help accelerate the development of things like not only renewables, battery storage, but carbon capture, hydrogen utilization and hydrogen production, hydrogen transportation, hydrogen storage, all of that is, when you say how do we how do we line up, those people who are talking in other sectors about carbon capture and talking about production of green hydrogen or all our customers. And so, how near term is it that's why we are investigating those technologies on our own with our customers and through our JDA with Mitsubishi to try to tease out the technologies, tease out the costs, and accelerate the ability to utilize those. If you think about it, if carbon capture and hydrogen, for example, become more economic and get to market faster, and our deployment of renewables can increase, and go faster, so that all works really hand in hand. So, early in the game, I think there's a lot of support, both through extension of existing policy plus the potential for new policy, we're working closely not only with the industry, but with, with folks in Washington and the administration ourselves. Plus, with our partners and our customers to try to try to really advance the ball on this, because we think we're uniquely positioned as it relates to all of those. Because it's vital to us, it's vital to the, to the customers that we have as well. So really think there's a lot of momentum behind it at the moment as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks for that.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the mind of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for taking my question. Drew, can I just go back to your commentary around the salary reserve? Did I did I capture that correctly that you did not change your sort of your reserve amounts or your accruals after the LGA decision? So do I take that to mean that sort of the decision was in line with your recommendations? I'm just trying to see what the implications might be your guidance and long term growth rate once you do receive a final outcome?
Drew Marsh: Yes, no good question. And I was actually I thought referring more to the uncertain tax question. But in regard to the ROE, and capital structure, the answer is actually the same. We didn't we didn't change our reserve position. I would say that we were exactly in line. In fact, it was a little bit below our expectations. We talked about a three cent sort of on-going drag versus what we had in our own models internally. It doesn't change any of our outlooks. But that was a little different than our expectation. That would, if it stands, translate to a slightly higher need for us to reserve at some point, if the FERC comes out. At the same place that the ALJ does, I think it would be 20 million to 25 million kind of one time on that change. But yes, we, as you saw, we filed last week, to see if we could convince the FERC that it ought to be a little bit higher. So we'll wait to see how that comes out. But if we will need to take a charge on the ROE cash structure piece of about 20 million, 25 million down the road, if the ALJ Position stands.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it? Okay, so modestly worse. Okay. Understood. And then maybe just can I get your thoughts on sort of your capital allocation priorities? I mean, there's a, obviously a large balance of deferred costs as it relates to storms. And I'm sort of thinking about the timing of getting to your 15% of -- debt in 2022. And how sort of patient are the credit rating agencies are going to be? And then, does that, call for a higher layer of equity in the plan? How are you thinking about all of that stuff?
Drew Marsh: And that's a good question. So when we take the -- I think this question really hinges around the rating agency piece of this. And if you look at our metrics from S&Ps perspective, I think we're in good shape. Even through all of this, we're above the downgrade thresholds that they've written about. And we continue to our forecast continues to pull away from those thresholds. So we're, we're comfortable with where we are on the S&P metrics. The Moody's metrics are a little more challenging, as you know, because their cash flow from operations to debt, not including working capital. That is that sort of that 15% threshold. And that's what we've been really aiming for. And we still believe we're going to get there next year. We're, in order to do that, we have to get past these cash flow, these cash flows that we've experienced for the storms, some of the ones that I talked about this quarter, and we need to get to the securitization. And ideally, we'll be able to do that off sheet as well. And as I mentioned, that legislation is moving forward in both Texas and Louisiana to do that. So I think we're actually in good shape to achieve all those objectives. In terms of the conversation with Moody's I mean, obviously, you'll have to talk to them to get their perspective. But I think they understand what's going on. They understand that we have very good solid mechanisms between fuel recovery. And with securitization, we have a history there. And they can see the results in the in the legislature going forward. So they're very comfortable that we are going to be able to make that progress. And they've actually written that they expect us to hit their target until 2023. So we're actually right aiming to hit their target a year earlier than they would expect us to. So they, the conversations are going very well with them, I would say because it we just had our annual review, which is in typically in the spring. And we have, as we've talked about, and we're talking about today forecast which should achieve our targeted objectives.
Durgesh Chopra: That's super helpful. Sounds like you have some, you have some runway of time to get to that level. And assuming that regulatory filings go your way, you'll be able, you'll be able to get that fraction faster than then, they were targeting you to get to that level. Okay. That's all I have. Thank you. Appreciate it. Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Julian Dumoulin with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Julian Dumoulin: Good morning team, thanks for the opportunity. Good morning. If I can pick it up off the last question here. Just as you think about the latest series of developments in the regulatory front. How does that square against capital spending? Largely it seems intact? But I'm also thinking here about rate pressures, the slight downtick in sales, and obviously, some of the storm impacts. How do you think about some of the mitigating impacts, or offsets to ensure your capital spendings intact, and obviously reaffirmed your earnings guidance trajectory today. So on balance, things are clearly in place. But I want to address maybe the bill pressure impacts implicit.
Drew Marsh: Sure, sure Julian, this is Drew. So actually, in terms of our capital spending, we probably we didn't pump capital this quarter. But we've actually accelerated some of the capital primarily in Arkansas. We had, as you probably recall, at the beginning of the year, we had pushed capital back to make room for the December order. And with the more recent order, we've moved the capital back forward. So it's about 200 million that we moved out of 03, most of it into 01 sum of into 02. Excuse me, 22. Sorry, I'm 20 years behind. But in terms of in terms of the rate pressure of yes, as you know, that's something that we talk about, very, we talked about a lot. And we watched very closely, that actually beginning to improve, work through our continuous improvement. And the and some of the other things that have been going on, have the biggest step change that we've seen in terms of our rep, pressure is as good as it turns out, going to be between 2020 and 2021. And now that we've gotten through all of our regulatory proceedings for the year, we think we're going to be able to manage that pretty well. Going forward using 2021 as a baseline, we're much closer to kind of a 2% growth rate in sort of an average bill. And I think that that on going forward should be very achievable in a regulatory framework.
Julian Dumoulin: Yes. Excellent. I appreciate that. If you can just embrace than elaborate. How do you think about perhaps the renewable angle you alluded to earlier? I mean, we've talked about this in the past, you brought it up in the comments prepared again, obviously, you're you have, I suppose, three RFPs out there at present, but can you can you address that, or your latest thinking on that front?
Drew Marsh: Well, as I mentioned in the my prepared remarks, Julian and as we've been talking about, more I think since last analysts day. We start with a really clean fleet. As you said, we've got RFPs for 1000 megawatts outstanding right now, our current thinking is that the renewable path be about 2500 megawatts by 2025 up to 5000 by 2030. And I think the right way to think about it is we're trying to make, a low cost reliable and sustainable footprint. And, and as we look going forward, as technology improves, as prices come down as battery storage gets more economical that just makes the possibility for renewables to play a bigger part in the resource plan going forward a reality and that's what you've seen and we evaluate resource plan on a regular basis but we don't stop with the resource plan. We evaluate each individual project on a regular basis and so as you know we've got the Orange county power and storage station that we'll that we're developing that on day one will have hydrogen capability and with being provided in the development space to be 100% hydrogen capable at the point in time when that makes sense to the extent that gets accelerated that allows us to put more renewables into our footprint because we got that long-term storage flexibility. So when you think about our resource plan we're just trying to meet the need that when you flip the switch the lights come on. That's the need we got to meet. We want to do it as efficiently and cleanly as possible and that just as technology has come to the point where that's a bigger and bigger renewable footprint. And again if some of these other technologies are viable and cost-effective that really helps accelerate their renewable deployment as well. And so we continue to evaluate every project and every resource plan with those things in mind. So I'm excited about the possibility that 5000 gets bigger at some point and we've got a lot of time between now and 2030 to make that happen and with again the infrastructure support coming out of the policy environment that only will tend to make that technology advance further, faster and be more economical for our customers if there's again that policy support.
Julian Dumoulin: But to clarify here, if you don't mind the structural options that you're alluding to for renewable projects that sounds like how you finance or somehow structure incremental opportunities beyond what you're already talking about?
Leo Denault: Well, it would be utilized to structure for the opportunities we're already talking about because if you think about it Julian, the -- if we can make them more cost effective for our customers through those structural options that frees up capital to spend on other things that improve the level of service that our customers receive whether it's on the PND front customer solutions front or in other renewable projects as well.
Julian Dumoulin: All right. excellent. Well, congrats on all fronts here. Speak to you guys.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for your time.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: Maybe just following up on Julian's question a little bit on clean energy. It sounds like there's a pretty significant chance that we might get a congressional action that would essentially extend the solar and wind tax credits for a very long time, create a new energy storage tax credit, potentially provide more support for carbon capture and storage and a few other things hydrogen as well. I guess first just on the utility side if you saw that kind of long-term federal support that really does change the economics meaningfully would that trigger essentially a sort of a formal sort of reassessment of your resource planning across or is it more just opportunistic you sort of keep that in mind in the future or is it I'm trying to kind of think about whether that caused you to sort of immediately want to rethink some of the resource plans you already have.
Leo Denault: So Stephen. It's a great question we're already rethinking the resource plan based on the potential for those kinds of initiatives to occur. As I mentioned the resource plan, it's not like we said it and then we just put it on autopilot and we're going to follow through on it regardless of what happens. So we're already looking at the plan that we have and determining based on different policy scenarios what that might do to change the economics such that the plan itself is changed. And again as I mentioned the more support, policy support for these technologies that occur the lower cost they are for our customers and the faster they're going to accelerate in terms of their development as viable. We see that as having a positive impact on the cost to the customers as well as the sustainability of the resource plan itself. So I mean the short answer is absolutely. We're already looking at what those impacts might be and certainly like everybody else in the industry we're playing our part in helping the congressional leaders and the administrative leaders understand what those impacts might be on the industry on Entergy and on our region and as I mentioned earlier there's not only a growth opportunity for us in some of these policies but the people who are making hydrogen today Stephen are in our service territory and are our customers. The people who are utilizing that hydrogen are in our service territory and are our customers. So it's our intention to work with them in helping them meet their sustainability goals and their sustainability requirements depending on what again comes out of legislation and an administrative situation in Washington to help them with their sustainability objectives. So if you think about major hydrogen producers today through gas reformation if they're going to have to get carbon capture or renewables we want to be there to help them with that.
Stephen Byrd: That's extremely helpful actually the last part of what you mentioned Leo kind of brings me to my second question which was just on, I guess especially hydrogen and carbon capture. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit more about sort of the role of Entergy in helping your customers? I guess, I'm thinking about frankly degree of technology risk you're willing to take, commodity risk, what sort of the range of possible roles that Entergy could have helping customers pursue those technologies. Would you mind just elaborate a little bit on that?
Leo Denault: Sure. Certainly we're in that early phases of evaluating exactly what their needs are, what they want to do and what their exposure is as well as how we want to participate. So we're really in the range of investigation right now. One is for example with our fleet itself what we're going to utilize on the Montgomery County Innovation Center that I talked about that is a 22 megawatt electrolysis facility that we're looking to develop where we would be obviously creating green hydrogen that we would then test in our own facilities as we use that as a precursor up to then how Orange County Is going to utilize green hydrogen in its own for the production of electricity. At the same point in time to the extent carbon capture is something that a hydrogen producer might want to utilize our ability to provide them with economic renewables would be a way to obviously create new load and new renewables for us to be able to help them with that and to the extent that they want to pursue electrolysis in their own production of green hydrogen and we can provide the clean energy whether it's through nuclear or through renewables we can do that as well. So we're investigating on all aspects of that. At the same point in time there is transportation infrastructure down here in terms of pipelines and everything for that. We need to look at how that transportation tees up to our own facilities as well as amongst the service territory and then we've got storage facilities that are capable of being converted to store hydrogen and so we're looking at that and what role that can play not only for us but for our customers. So there's a wide range of things that we're looking at. Obviously our lane is to be the utility in all of this but as this progresses and we collaborate with Mitsubishi and we collaborate with our customers the opportunity to be the utility and provide the electricity for all this to happen should be pretty significant if it all plays out and I would say that the creation of the customer organization where we announced David Ellis's position within Rod's organization that's going to be a pretty significant organization that we're developing is designed to help and collaborate with those customers on these new needs that they have. So I know that wasn't a specific list of projects Stephen but it's more of a pretty wide-ranging opportunity where we're going to stay in our lane but yet we're going to really pursue being able to make it reality.
Stephen Byrd: No that's really helpful color. That's all I have. Thank you so much.
Leo Denault: Thank you Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Liesman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead. All right it looks like his line disconnected. So we'll move on to our next question which comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: Hello?
Leo Denault: Hey Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. I'm just curious you talked about CapEx and potentially pulling things forward or having them less deferred but when I look at the guidance you gave for this year was just under $3.5 billion and it looks like you already invested a billion six in the first quarter. So just maybe trying to get a little more of a sense of is that just timing or could this year's number be a good bit higher than what you were looking at before and maybe what's driven that is really a much bigger quarter than you've had in a while?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So I think for the year I think it is probably just timing elements. I don't think that there's any sort of massive acceleration versus what we had previously planned other than to say that we pulled some of that capital in Arkansas up from 2023. So I think that I want to say it was in the $150 million to $175 million for this year and so that's at this point I think that would be the only difference from what we previously published for 2021.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So just a big first quarter in terms of projects span and anything in particular Drew that was driving that?
Drew Marsh: Nothing comes to mind that would be something that would stand out.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay and then could you also could we just get an update on where you are on arrears and customer bad debt and you starting to see any improvement there? How does it look versus where you were at last quarter?
Drew Marsh: Sure. So from where we were at the end of the year, I think we've improved a little bit not a lot. We kind of got stalled out because of the winter storm a little bit and we expect Arkansas and New Orleans to lift their moratoriums in May. So that should give us a clearer path to start to move those rears a little bit lower but at this point they're still, I would say they're still around $300 million. They're down from where their highs were by I don't know 10% or so but they still have a ways to go.
Jonathan Arnold: Great and then I think that one other maybe related issue looking at the residential sales a little more to what extent I know whether adjustment could be an art rather than a science but to what extent are those do you think you're still seeing that work from home benefit is that starting to fade and just still more comment there?
Rod West: We're actually seeing increasing customer counts and the usage per customer which is more of an indicator for us for a long-term view usage for customer has sort of flattened out in the residential sector but we are expecting the actual growth rate quarter-over-quarter to begin to moderate as folks begin to return back to a more normal for us load shape the way that it plays out as people go back to work in school and things of that nature but we're tracking it rather discreetly and no real surprises for us thus far.
Jonathan Arnold: Thank you Rod.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Andrew Russell with Scotia Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Russell: Hey thanks. Good morning everyone. My first question is on renewables. If you can just elaborate a little bit you gave a lot of details on the size of the opportunity overall but what's your latest thinking on utility ownership versus PPAs potential role for tax equity partners and how that might affect any of the rate-based or CapEx and therefore balance sheet impacts relative to third-party PPAs?
Drew Marsh: So hey Andrew, this is Drew. So we do expect to own a good portion of the solar opportunity that's in front of us. We think that we can be extremely competitive for a couple of reasons and one of them you alluded to in terms of the tax equity partnerships that allows us to manage that invested tax credit and work around some of the challenges from being utility. And so that's probably the main thing that's out there. Obviously we're working hard on bringing our costs down just like everybody else in the sector but we think based on the last couple of RFPs where we've ended up we think we're getting much more competitive in that space and so we expect to own a big chunk of those things going forward. I will say I don't at the end of the day doing all PPAs is probably not going to be that great for our balance sheet and it might actually start harming the customer. So that's something else that we are paying attention to but I think in order to avoid that we really just have to get competitive on the RFPs and make sure that we win our share.
Andrew Russell: Okay and I assume there's no change to your assumptions when you talk about the CapEx and cash flow and equity needs outlook and all of that. Have you changed your assumption on a win rate if you will?
Drew Marsh: No, we haven't changed our assumption and we still are working to figure out okay so the second half of this decade where a big chunk of that renewable comes in, what does that look like but we would expect over time if we're successful in our strategy that the win rate should improve for us.
Andrew Russell: Okay. Great. Then last question, thank you for all the cash flow and details on the Texas windstorms. My question is do you see any need or opportunity for incremental CapEx to improve reliability whether in terms of undergrounding or winterizing your regulated power plants there?
Drew Marsh: Certainly as it relates to the winter storm specifically which is not different than any weather event that we have, a major portion of our after action analysis will include strategically what can we do to make the system more resilient and the winter storm is no different and so we're doing a comprehensive look at all of our facilities in all of our functions not just in the generation side but transmission, distribution as well to get what's the right balance of cost and reliability that we want to put in it. So that is ongoing. I wouldn't say that that's a significant amount of capital that would go into those facilities compared to size capital budget as it sits today. But certainly we're looking at and proven resiliency and all the investments that we're making in the normal capital plan are meant to improve power quality and reliability and so as we do, for example, with our transmission system all of the new stuff we build is to a higher standard than what we built 20 years ago. And as we saw in hurricane Laura all the stuff that we built with the new technology which stood the hurricane it was the stuff that we built 20, 30, 40, 50 years ago that was destroyed and all the new stuff is the new stuff. So that's a continuing and continuous analysis for us to how do you improve the resiliency just on a day-in day-out basis and the weather events like the winter storm gives the opportunity to learn even more.
Andrew Russell: Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations to David Diana on their promotions.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's question and answer session and I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bill Abler for any further remarks.
Bill Abler: Thank you, Michelle and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our quarterly report on form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 10 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also as a reminder we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called regulatory and other information which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Entergy Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Teleconference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to hand the call over to David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions. We requested each person ask no more than one question and one follow up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Before I turn to my remarks, I would like to give you an update on the winter storms we experienced last week. Severe weather conditions affected most of the country including our service area. In order to balance the system, MISO directed us to conduct rolling power outages. Our system is back to normal operations. Our thoughts are with all of our customers and communities who were impacted by the weather. Our employees once again demonstrated their dedication by working around the clock in difficult conditions to quickly restore service where needed. As always, I am grateful and humbled by their commitment. We're still working through our numbers, but our preliminary assessment of the cost is approximately $125 million to $140 million associated with mobilizing crews and restoring power and approximately $400 million of incremental fuel costs. We have fuel recovery mechanisms in all of our jurisdictions and we will work with our regulators to recover these costs in a manner that mitigates the impact on customer bills. I will now turn to our discussion on 2020. Today, we are reporting strong results for another successful year. Our adjusted earnings per share are $5.66. That's in the top half of our guidance range. We achieved these results by overcoming revenue challenges with our flexible spending program. We just set a goal to reduce 2020 costs by $100 million. And we exceeded that target by approximately 50%. Underlying our strong performance was the foundation that we have built over the last several years; we've become a resilient organization prepared to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders, even in extraordinary times. It's what our stakeholders expect from us and that's what it takes to be the premier utility. Challenges are a natural part of doing business. No company is immune and Entergy is no exception. As 2020 prove the test of sustainability is less about challenges, and more about how we are able to achieve our goals regardless of the circumstances. Because of this solid foundation and our proven track record, we are confident in our continued success in 2021 and beyond. As such, we are initiating 2021 guidance and affirming our longer-term outlook. All in line with what we shared an Analyst Day last September. In 2020, we brought online four large generation resources that are cleaner and more efficient than our older assets, providing customer savings and environmental benefits that will help us meet our sustainability commitments. These assets also give us dispatch flexibility that is important for system reliability. Renewable Energy is also a key part of our strategy to achieve our sustainability goals. Our clean energy efforts have escalated over the past few years. We now have more than 500 megawatts of renewable resources in operation. These resources come in many forms small and large, owned and contracted. And some are innovative solutions like the New Orleans residential rooftop project, where we own the solar systems that are installed at low income customers' homes. Those customers get a fixed bill credit on their bill, providing economic benefits to those who need it and renewable energy for all customers. We have approximately 450 megawatts of solar projects currently being installed. We have another 880 megawatts of solar resources either in regulatory review, or RFPs. We plan to solicit another 800 megawatts of solar this year. This is only the beginning. And we will continue to grow the number of renewable energy facilities across our region. Almost half of our capital was for distribution and utility support investments that are closest to the customer experience. A portion of these costs is for our advanced meter project. We have now completed the installation of 70% of the 3 million advanced meters we are deploying across our service area. This is an exciting milestone as we enter the final phase of our three-year journey. Advanced meters help our customers better manage their energy usage and bills, and it lays the foundation for new technological capabilities over time. With billions of real time data points available, we'll be able to gain new insights that will drive fundamental change in the way we serve our customers while consuming the least amount of energy resources. We invested $800 million in our transmission infrastructure, excluding storms, our transmission investments benefit our system and our customers, as they reduce congestion, strengthen service reliability, enhanced system efficiency and resiliency, and support economic development in our jurisdictions by enabling service to new customers. We completed several important projects, some of which proved critical during the active storm season. These new structures built to modern standards, which stood the record winds from Hurricane Laura, and were critical to restoring power following that storm. These projects are all part of our plan to improve the resiliency of our infrastructure, and provide a higher level of service to our customers. In 2020, we continue to work collaboratively with our regulators for the benefit of customers. In the face of difficult times due to COVID-19, we collaborated to find solutions. Early on, we suspended disconnects and work to set up payment plans for customers who couldn't pay their bills. In all our jurisdictions, we received accounting orders, deferred costs associated with COVID-19, including bad debt expense from accounts that we don't expect to collect as a result of the pandemic. We also work with our commissions on rate recovery mechanisms that give us the opportunity to recover costs that are benefiting our customers. Public Utility Commission of Texas finalized the new generation rider, which provides for full and timely recovery of capital costs associated with new generation, where timely recovery helps us create value for our stakeholders in Texas and ensures that the communities, we serve remain economically competitive. The Texas Commission approved the use of this rider earlier this year for recovery of Montgomery County power station. The city council of New Orleans approved a unanimous settlement that resolved Entergy New Orleans rate case and FRP filing, we will make the first of three annual FRP filings later this year. We also had annual FRP rate actions and Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi. We plan to submit filings in Louisiana and Texas in the first quarter of this year and in New Orleans in the second quarter to request recovery of 2020 storm costs. As we have done in the past, we will seek to securitize these costs. With current low interest rates, this will result in significantly lower cost to customers as compared to typical recovery. Louisiana's and Arkansas FRPs expire with the 2020 filings. And we've requested renewal both. Discussions are ongoing and we will provide updates as we get them. In spite of the positive outcomes in 2020, the Arkansas Commission's order for our 2021 FRP rate change fell short of our expectations. We believe the order incorrectly applies the law and results in an unreasonable outcome. We requested a rehearing on the Commission's order, and we expect to receive their decision on our request and the FRP extension by March 15. You should note that our guidance and outlooks today reflect the Commission's December order, and extension of the FRP. Our leadership and sustainability and environmental stewardship have been a long-standing hallmark of who we are, and are led to measurable, undeniable results. For the past two decades, our emissions rate has been well below the sector average, our utility co2 emissions rate has decreased nearly 40% since 2000. And today, we operate one of the cleanest, large scale power generation fleets in the nation. Our fleet is one of the cleanest, as we have not only set meaningful reduction targets, but we continue to exceed them. The most recent example is our environment 2020 goal, where we committed to maintain carbon dioxide emissions through 2020 at 20% below year 2000 levels. Our actual 2020 emissions were 27% below 2000 levels, beating our reduction goal by 33%. Looking ahead, our business plan supports our 2030 commitment to reduce our utility carbon emissions rate by 50% below year 2000 levels. Achieving this objective calls for continued transformation of our portfolio. To that end by 2030, we anticipate that our generation portfolio will include at least five gigawatts of renewables with potential for more. During that timeframe, we also plan to deactivate approximately four gigawatts of legacy gas along with the remainder of our coal assets. Going forward, we will not build any large scale generation that isn't hydrogen capable. As we transform our portfolio, we will work with our regulators to do so within a framework that balances reliability, affordability and environmental stewardship, while enriching the economies of the communities we serve. To support our longer-term net zero goal, we're exploring emerging technologies through a partnership with Mitsubishi power, we will develop innovative solutions that include large scale battery storage, carbon capture and sequestration, and hydrogen-based strategies. While we are not relying on hydrogen to meet our 2030 commitment, we believe it will be a part of creating a carbon free future. Hydrogen is an important technology that will allow utilities to adopt much greater levels of renewables to meet growing sustainability needs. Hydrogen storage, transportation, and utilization attributes will allow us to leverage today's pipeline and generation technologies in a manner that supports a highly reliable and fuel diverse electric grid. In the Gulf South, we have a distinct locational advantage. And we are uniquely positioned given the existing hydrogen infrastructure in Texas and Louisiana. Existing infrastructure today in our service territory includes more than 3.5 billion cubic feet of hydrogen capacity, two of the three hydrogen salt caverns operating in the United States, and more than 1,100 miles of hydrogen pipelines, which is 60% of the United States infrastructure. In addition, two of the largest hydrogen producers in the world are our customers. We also have more than 860 miles of co2 pipelines in our service area, which would facilitate carbon capture and sequestration. These are just a few of the advantages for our service area, which presents us with unique opportunities. To advance our work on hydrogen we were working on a few projects but I'd like to share. Orange County Power Station was selected in Entergy Texas's request for proposals, that facility will have the capability upon commercial operation to utilize up to 30% hydrogen. Longer term, the turbines can be configured to operate on up to 100% hydrogen at modest incremental cost. The facility is conveniently located near existing hydrogen pipeline infrastructure that can be connected to the plant to utilize hydrogen when feasible and economic. We own a storage facility with three caverns; we are evaluating converting one of these caverns to hydrogen. We are taking advantage of the existing hydrogen pipeline infrastructure in the Texas industrial corridor near the Orange County Power Station. And we are developing a four phase plan to support access to hydrogen fuel across our fleet of hydrogen capable plants. We are also in the very early stages of developing a green hydrogen demonstration plan, Montgomery County Hydrogen Innovation Center. This project will teach us important lessons about electrolysis operations, and ultimately lay the groundwork for future full-scale projects. We're excited about these projects and our collaboration with Mitsubishi. As we lead our industry to make hydrogen a reality that will create green jobs in the Gulf South region. We will provide updates on these initiatives as we have new developments. Being the premier utility means doing our part to create a more sustainable future for our customers, our communities and the world. A goal we continuously strive for in everything we do. In 2020, we are once again named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North American index. We are the only electric utility received this honor 19 years in a row. We are very proud of this recognition as DJSI is one of the most respected independent sustainability measures in the world. We earned perfect scores in the areas of climate strategy, water related risks, materiality, environmental reporting, social reporting and policy influence. This past year, our employees demonstrated once again, why Entergy is best in class in storm response. During a storm season unlike any other in our history, our commitment to health, safety and preparedness is one of our proudest achievements. Our teams worked around the clock to safely restore service, to rebuild infrastructure and to help our communities recover while following virus prevention protocols. For our employees' extraordinary efforts, we received broad support from local, state and federal officials. We also received five emergency response awards from EI. This marks the 23rd consecutive year EI has recognized Entergy employees for their emergency response. 2020 was another successful year for our company. Everything we accomplished gives me confidence in our ability to meet our goals and commitments going forward. We've proven that we are resilient company prepared to respond to adversity and deliver on our mission to create sustainable value for our stakeholders. It's what our stakeholders expect from us and that's what it takes to be the premier utility. Despite obstacles imposed by the pandemic, mild weather and storms, our employees found ways to connect innovate, drive growth, and build toward the future, all while meeting our financial commitments. The fundamentals of our company are strong and the drivers that uniquely positioned us to be the premier utility remain firmly in place. We consistently meet or exceed our guidance expectations. We have line of sight on 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth. And by the end of the year, we expect the same for our dividend growth rate subject to board approval. And as we mature in our continuous improvement efforts, we aspire to permanently reduce O&M costs and redeploy those resources for the benefit of our stakeholders. I am as excited as ever about our future. I will now turn the call over to Drew to review our financial performance.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Today we are reporting strong results for 2020. As Leo mentioned, we successfully managed lower revenues by lowering our O&M expense by approximately $150 million, which exceeded our $100 million cost reduction target for the year. Our results today are a validation of a strong resilient company we are. As a result, we are confident in our continued success going forward and are initiating our guidance and affirming our longer-term outlook. I'll begin with a review of results for the full year and then provide an overview of guidance for 2021. Starting on slide 6, Entergy adjusted EPS for 2020 was $5.66, $0.26 higher than 2019 and the top half of our guidance range. Moving to slide 7, there were many drivers that are straightforward and laid out in the release. The key area focus for us in 2020 with O&M. We offset the negative impacts of storms, COVID-19 and unfavorable weather with approximately $150 million of cost reductions. And to do this, we identified a number of cost cutting measures early in the year and deliberately executed on our plan. Slide 8 lists some of the actions taken. We are proud of what we've accomplished yet we are not surprised. Our employees have built the culture, processes and resources to successfully deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders, even during extraordinary times. And that's been important this year more than ever. Our results further strengthen our competence in our success going forward as we affirm our earnings expectations from 2021 through 2023. Results for EWC summarized on slide 9 are generally in line with our expectations and we continue to make good progress on our exit of that business. Full year operating cash flow shown on slide 10, was approximately $2.7 billion. As you would expect, storm costs were a large driver, as were lower collections due to COVID-19. Decreased collections for fuel and purchase power costs and unfavorable weather also affected the metric. Lower unprotected, excess ADIT returned to customers partly offset the decrease. Our cash and credit metrics as of the end of the year are shown on slide 11. Our parent debt to total debt is 21.6%. And our FFO to debt is 10.3%. As we mentioned last quarter, our FFO to debt is temporarily lower in part due to the financial impacts from the storms. We expect the metric to return to target levels as we receive storm securitization proceeds next year. As we have strong precedents for storm cost recovery. We plan to submit initial filings over the next few weeks. We'll also pursue off balance sheet treatment in Louisiana and Texas. We remain committed to maintain our best investment grade profile and a supporting credit targets including at or above 15% for FFO to debt next year, and below 25% for parent debt to total debt. Moving to slide 12; with the resiliency we've demonstrated in 2020, we are confident in our continued success in 2021 and beyond. Our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range is $5.80 to $6.10. And our current plan puts us firmly at the $5.95 midpoint. This and our 2022 and 2023 outlook ranges remain the same as the outlook we presented at Analysts Day. We continue to target a 5% to 7% annual growth rate for adjusted earnings per share. We also expect to grow our dividend commensurate with our EPS growth rate starting in the fourth quarter of this year, subject to final Board approval. On slide 13. Going backwards, we've outlined a few of the key drivers for 2021 earnings growth. We also include more detailed assumptions in the appendix of a webcast presentation, beginning with the top line a full year of 2020 rate activity following significant investments to benefit customers will contribute to 2021 growth. We will also make annual FRP filings during the year. We project utility O&M a little under $2.7 billion in line with our disclosures from Analysts Day. Depreciation expense is expected to increase and net interest is expected to decrease due to lower AFUDC as new plants came online in 2020. We also anticipate that our effective income tax rate will be higher. Our guidance and outlooks reflect the December APSC order in Arkansas, and assume an FRP extension in both Arkansas and Louisiana. In Arkansas, we are reprioritizing our O&M and capital investments to more closely align with the ordered recovery structure. To the extent the order is reversed, we will plan to readjust our O&M capital to deliver the customer benefits that those investments would produce. While we continue to monitor risks, we have already identified flexible spending levers in the event needed. We're also exploring permanent upside opportunities through solar investments and further continuous improvement. As Leo mentioned, 2020 with a strong year for our company, we exceeded our $100 million cost reduction target and delivered on our commitments to each of our four key stakeholders in the midst of unprecedented times. Looking ahead, the fundamentals that underlie our steady predictable growth are strong. Our guidance and outlooks remain the same as we presented at Analysts Day and provide clear line of sight to the 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth rate. We have among the lowest retail rates in the country. And our solid strategic operational and financial plans will upgrade the service level that we provide to our customers. Our proven and disciplined flexible spending program helps us adapt to financial headwinds or tailwinds so we can meet our financial commitments. And in the fourth quarter of this year, we expect to grow our dividend commensurate with our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate. We have significant opportunities ahead and we are well positioned to be the premier utility. Before turning the call over to Q&A, I want to take a moment to acknowledge and thank David Borde for his great work as Vice President of Investor Relations. He built solid relationships with all of you. And the good news is he will not go far. He will work with Rod to help bring our vision of the future utility to life. And for the next few weeks, he will reach out to many of you to introduce Bill Abler, who is taking over leadership of the Investor Relations team. Bill has a strong commercial background in both commodities and utilities. And he will be an excellent representative for us with you. And as, both Dave and Bill are backed by a very strong team with discipline processes. So you should not expect any change in the level of service you will see from up there. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi, guys, it's actually Ryan on Jeremy. Just wanted to kind of start off with kind of the order in Arkansas and you guys were very clear about reaffirming the guidance and potential offsets with capital and O&M. And I just wanted to kind of dig a little bit more of what some of those offsets you are thinking about Arkansas to kind of offset this potential negative order. And then if you kind of get a positive kind of outcome on the rehearing should we be thinking about maybe top end into the range for 2021.
DrewMarsh: This is Drew. I'll take that. And then Rod can provide any other framework elements as needed. But so we are adjusting, as I mentioned in my comments, we are adjusting our O&M and capital to prepare for or respond to, I guess, the order that we got to December, and you can see that in some of our capital disclosures. There is some other just normal pining capital moving around and some of the jurisdictions, but the main thing is in Arkansas, that's the primary thing that we are taking action to adjust with. In terms of potential upside, as I also said in my remarks to the extent that we were able to get the order reversed, we would anticipate putting most if not all depends on what the order would say, back into our capital plan, so that our customers can benefit from the capital and O&M that we are planning to deploy in Arkansas. So that's what's going on there.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay, that makes sense. And then just as a follow up, I mean, obviously, the stock price has kind of been at depressive levels recently, just wondering if you kind of have any thoughts on what's kind of required to kind of get the stock moving or kind of reassure market confidence. And then if kind of stays at depressed level that you'd think about any type of transaction deep maybe sell down in some of these utilities to maybe offset some of the equity needs going forward?
LeoDenault: Well, I'll start, and I'll let Drew talk about the last part of that, Ryan, but the best thing we can do is continue as we have over the last several years to continue to execute to meet our commitments to our customers, and to meet our commitments to all of you, which just means being disciplined about our capital, and O&M spend about where it is and what level it is, continue to improve the level of service that our customers receive from us, and continue to hit or exceed the numbers that we committed to all of you. And that's what we intend to do.
DrewMarsh: And then I'll just talk about M&A and sales and possible portions of utilities certainly, of course, we're always open to anything that would be value creating for our stakeholders, which is always our number one rule in M&A anyway, is to, we would want to make sure that we're creating value for our stakeholders. Other considerations are execution and distraction from the things that we are doing to further create value for stakeholders already under way. The second one is probably the one that makes it perhaps a little bit challenging for us in the sense of trying to do that for equity raises because we would likely require approval from regulatory Commission's in order to do any sort of M&A activity at the APCO and so while we might be able to find good value, if you're - if we were counting on that for an equity raise, and we had to go through the regulatory process that would create a lot of uncertainty in that equity, right. So probably not the best path for us but certainly if there is value creation opportunity out there, then we would be looking at it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
StephenByrd: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to I guess, step back and talk about the impacts to the system from just really unprecedented weather impact that you all noted, as you think about sort of lessons learned from Texas, and just from your other utility businesses, I know you're spending a lot on sort of making your system more resilient. But are the lessons learned sort of resulting in potential for further, either acceleration of spending or changes to plans? Whether it is generation plans, renewables plans, et cetera? Or is this just sort of consistent with your overall focus on resiliency and these recent data points, just kind of reaffirm sort of the existing approach that you're taking?
LeoDenault: Well, I guess, I'll start out and let others chime in. But, Stephen, certainly every event that occurs has unique attributes that allow us to have lessons that we learn. And so whether it's the Hurricanes or tropical storms Harvey is different than Laura, for example, in terms of what the impact it had on reasonably similar areas of our service territory. And what we've experienced, obviously, we're still in the process of getting the lessons learned about the events that we saw last week. So we always, I wouldn't say that it's inconsistent with the plans we have for resiliency. But certainly every time we go through any kind of event, we will learn something that we will apply to the next events. So there are things we learned in Katrina that have really served as well, for every event that occurred after that, both in terms of what we do to our system, and how our capital shapes up, but also as well as our processes and our operations and our interactions with the industry, et cetera. So there will be lessons learned, and they will direct our activities potentially differently. I wouldn't say that it's going to create an incremental capital spends or anything like that, potentially redirection of it. Now, it could provide some incremental capital spend, if, when working with our regulators, they determine, we jointly determined that there are things that we need to do more quickly than we otherwise would have done. But I wouldn't say right now that there's some anticipation of a change in the size of the capital plan, going forward because of these events, might be a change in direction for some things just to prioritize differently. But everything's a learning experience. And we'll continue to do that. And as I said, events last week, we're still unpacking everything there.
StephenByrd: That's helpful. Maybe just one last for me just on nuclear operations, just curious more broadly, how are you feeling in terms of operational progress, performance, just trends and any recent developments there? Or is it sort of fairly consistent with prior messaging there?
LeoDenault: In the majority, it's consistent with where we've been. I would say that we continue to work with Grande Golf, we have some work to continue to do there to get that plant into the space where we want it to be, but majority of it is on track.
StephenByrd: Understood and the Grande Golf work is that sort of just general operational improvements? How would you sort of highlight the work needed there?
LeoDenault: In the equipment reliability space, for the most part, as you know, we've gone through a couple of major outages with big equipment modifications, the most recent equipment modification determined control system, we've had some issues coming out of that outage with some of the equipment associated with that modification. So we're going to continue to work through those, get those knocked out and get the plant up to the level of excellence that we desire.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
SharPourreza: Hey, good morning, guys. Just a couple of questions here. Firstly, just on the cost savings you presented $150 million that was $150 million in savings that was obviously executed in 2020. That was well in excess of your original $100 million, right. So just curious to the level of recurring cost savings, you think you can - you think you can take it to 2021 and sort of continue on that momentum? And can you find sort of incremental opportunities especially on the corporate side i.e. we've seen several peers generates significant cost savings from, for instance, real estate optimization. So wondering if this is also potential leverage you guys go through COVID and the learning curves there.
DrewMarsh: Hey, Shar, this is Drew. So most of the savings that we saw in 2020, I would characterize as more one time in nature; they're part of our flexible spending efforts. And those are typically looking for ways to take action to manage to outcomes in that particular year. And so we would not necessarily see those as recurring. But this year, we've identified new ones that we would be able to use to manage this year, if needed. And we had continued on last year, after we said that we got to $100 million looking for more in the event that we needed it. And it turns out, as you know, that we need all of it. There - having said that, there were some things that were identified as potential continuous improvement elements and sort of fit into those other buckets, although they were relatively small, I would think in the 20% range. And those are now accounted for in our outlooks as part of our O&M expectations. And there are other things that we are looking at. We are driving our continuous improvement efforts forward. Things like real estate optimization are in the spotlight for us, as we think about how we manage our workforce of the future. And that's an easy one to consider as we go forward. So those things are part of what we're looking at. And some of those expectations are now getting baked into our outlooks.
SharPourreza: Got it. And then just maybe a timing on when your update around those, on the additional levers?
DrewMarsh: Well, I think they're just part of our ongoing process. We don't have anything today. We don't have any specific timetable that we're working towards; it's just an ongoing element.
SharPourreza: Got it. And then just on Arkansas, it's good that you're confirming or reaffirming that depending on whatever outlook happens in the FRP order that you're comfortable with the plan, midpoint of guidance embedded there. It sounds like you're obviously shifting or optimizing CapEx and O&M away from Arkansas. So I'm kind of curious, what - have you had any dialogue with the commission around sort of that strategic move, and I'm wondering where you redeploying the capital spent.
RodWest: Shar, it's Rod. Good morning, the conversation as you know with the stakeholders is ongoing. And we won't comment specifically about any aspect of the give and take. But it is known in Arkansas that one of the consequences of us not having clarity around the FRP. And the extension is just that we would have to revisit how we deploy capital in Arkansas. And those conversations have been ongoing since the December order. And it's part of the motivation, why we're working the various avenues to turn that the conversation around. But they are aware of our point of view around the capital plan; we're not talking about specific puts and takes. That said our point of view that we shared with you earlier about why we thought the FRP provided us the best opportunity to create sustainable value for customers, as played out during dependency of the FRP. And why we feel so adamant about the propriety of the extension. And so I think that that message will resonate. There's more to come in terms of how it plays out. But that's about all I can speak to it, but you're raising a great point. We're all motivated to create value.
LeoDenault: And the question about where it's going at this point is not really going anywhere. Yes, to the extent that we are optimistic that we can get some reversal of December order. We are waiting to see if we would want to put that capital back in place.
SharPourreza: Got it. Dave Borde, congrats on sort of the new leadership position and Rod make sure you're working really hard. Thanks, guys.
RodWest: I don't think you have to worry about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
DurgeshChopra: Hey, team, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Can you, sorry if I missed this, but have you quantified in terms of financially? What impact if any, does sort of last week's event have for you?
DrewMarsh: Yes, so this is Drew. So Leo, in his remarks mentioned some of the cost elements up to $140 million in terms of restoration costs, and an incremental $400 million in terms of fuel costs. So I'll give you a little bit color, and there will be more specific numbers in the K which will file in a couple of days. But on the fuel cost, I think it's all in it's about $500 million, I would say about $100 million is kind of what we would normally have expected. And that gives you to the $400 million that Leo was talking about. Of the $500 million, about $200 million of it is in Louisiana, and that is about 90%to 95% EOL and the rest in New Orleans, about $150 million is in Texas. And these are all round numbers. As I mentioned, you'll have specific ones later, there is a positive deferred fuel balance in Texas of about $90 million that'll help offset that. And then in the neighborhood of $100 million and Arkansas and around $50 million and Mississippi. So that's kind of how that would all break down.
DurgeshChopra: Understood, that's super helpful. Really, thank you. So it's essentially $400 million increment to what you might have otherwise expected on a normal basis.
DrewMarsh: Yes. In February, and I'm talking about the month of February really?
DurgeshChopra: Yes. Okay. Perfect. Thanks. And then just quickly, can you sort of - so the slide here says the Arkansas FRP extension first quarter, right, just can you remind us what the date is of that final order? And then in terms of like what to look for? Could that get extended? Just any color on when we may get resolution on that front?
RodWest: Yes, this is Rod, March 15 is the date that the Commission has set for itself to issue the order for both the 2021 FRP and the renewal of the of the FRP extension.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Steve Liesman with Wolfe Research.]
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Yes, thanks. Good morning. So this was a helpful update. Thank you and just the Louisiana FRP extension. I think you continued settlement talks there. Could you just maybe give color on your confidence and be able to settle that case?
RodWest: Steve, Dave, I can, well, this is Rod. But I can tell you that the conversations in Louisiana are going perhaps consistent with our expectations slowed only by the last certainly the storms and occasionally COVID. But the types of issues that we've been working through with our stakeholders and the regulators have been consistent with expectations. We're targeting the resolution of the Louisiana renewal by the end of March. And that said we'll be monitoring that progress as we have others but March is our target to resolve that all things being equal.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay. Great. And then separate, different question just Drew on your financing plans is there - I might have missed it. But is there any update or changes in your equity issuance plans for the three-year period?
DrewMarsh: No, no new changes from what we described in Analysts Day. We have made some progress. We got the aftermarket program up and running in January. And then we will have a proxy finally coming up. We'll have a request to get the authorization to issue preferred equity. So that should be coming up soon. But those are the only two things that are noteworthy since our last disclosure.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay, and then just on after market, is there like a timeline for that part of the financing you're targeting or -
DrewMarsh: No, there's no timeline. We don't have any additional information there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
PaulFremont: Thank you very much. I guess if I heard you correctly in Arkansas, your guidance is essentially contingent on an FRP extension. Are you expecting that to come through a negotiation or through a final Arkansas public service commission rate order?
RodWest: The answer without being sounding trite is yes. So whatever progress we're able to make to date in through the 15th, which is only two and a half to three weeks away, we'll incorporate whatever progress we make. The assumptions we're making in our guidance and outlook assume the December order and an FRP, presumptively, with a December order. But it's our confidence and our ability to manage to expectations with whatever would be the likely or reasonable components of an Arkansas order. And so that's really the commitment we're making today that our outlooks are tied to those two primary assumptions.
PaulFremont: Right, but would your guidance hold if the FRP were not renewed?
RodWest: If the FRP was not renewed, then we would likely have to see what the circumstances were, obviously, we have the ability, if needed to, for instance, file a rate case or take some other remedial action. And so from a planning standpoint, we're contemplating all of those scenarios, but it's too early for us to know which levers we'd ultimately pull. But our commitment is to manage to those likely outcomes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Dumoulin with Bank of America.
JulianDumoulin: Hey, thank you, team. Good morning rather.
LeoDenault: Don't you get we are having a 24x7 shop as you don't know what time of day it is.
JulianDumoulin: Feels it that way. But if I can, let me come back to the planning scenarios we talked about a second ago. So you're talking about cost reductions, CapEx levers, and also a series of flowcharts, if you will, around what you could do? Can you elaborate a little bit on all these levers? Like, if you were to pursue this out, would you file a rate case later this year in Arkansas, or are litigious and appeals strategy, the first way to go? How quickly when you think about the different scenarios would you pursue one over another? And how quickly could we come back with a cost savings program and CapEx program to preserve at least the integrity of returns I suppose?
LeoDenault: Julian, I appreciate the question. I guess we're in the midst of discussions and these orders, and we're only a couple of weeks out from resolution. So I think it'd be best for us to just defer commentary around all of that until we get the outcome. Since it's pretty prompt.
JulianDumoulin: Yes. Understood. But to be clear about this, it sounds like you've got contingencies already running on both costs and CapEx levers as it stands today.
LeoDenault: Correct.
JulianDumoulin: And then the second quick question, if I can probably related on the subject of bill impacts and how you think about cumulative bill impact, how do you think about the total trajectory, knowing what you know about storms and otherwise, as well as the pace of CapEx and sales trajectory in 2021 onwards? Are you anticipating at this point in time across your service territories?
LeoDenault: So make sure we get to everything that was in there. So you're correct, right. We've made adjustments to our plan to anticipate what we think is the likely outcomes in the FRP renewals for any regulatory process going forward, so that is incorporated in our thinking and obviously in our outlooks based on what we told you today. And certainly from a bill impact standpoint, we're obviously going to work through all of these processes, whether it be the storms from last year, or the storms from last week, and try to make recovery work for - keep the company in the right space as it relates to our credit profile, and earnings as well as to keep our customer bills mitigated as much as we possibly can, which is what we've always done. So the tools that we talked about, whether it be securitization, or normal ways that we handle fuel cost recovery, or some of the options that we've taken those in previous times, all that'll be on the table to where we can make it as minimal and the impact on customers as we possibly can while we continue to meet, for example, our credit and earnings commitments.
Operator: That's the next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical.
JonathanArnold: Yes, good morning, guys. Could we get maybe an update on where you are on say on rate and incremental bad debt since you updated last quarter?
DrewMarsh: Sure, Jonathan. This is Drew. So as of the end of the year we had recorded bad debt expense of $112 million. Our normal bad debt expense in any given year is about $25 million. So that incremental $87 million was recorded as a regulatory asset, because we have orders in each of our jurisdictions that would allow us to recover those costs. The arrear is typically runs about three times higher than the bad debt expense. And so that number is pretty consistent, we've seen it begin to level off, but we need to see where it goes with this latest round of storms, and a little bit of backtracking on disconnects because of the storms. And we never did get often disconnects in Arkansas or New Orleans. So those two jurisdictions have continued on for a little bit longer. But that's kind of where we stand right now.
JonathanArnold: So just to be clear, I understand that for the rate numbers more like a something in the 300.
DrewMarsh: Correct.
JonathanArnold: And as you reserved just or written off for fees or recovery 30 half a third, roughly?
LeoDenault: That's correct.
JonathanArnold: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just if I may, on the quarter, and just an understanding that the numbers are a little better than the full year, it looks like you had $0.23 of tax related benefit for the year, but you were sort of shooting for $0.15 when you last updated guidance on Q3 and so there would be a sort of $0.08 incremental held versus what you were expecting and maybe another $0.07 or so P&L. Am I reading that right? Or is there a better way to think about that?
DrewMarsh: No, that's correct. There are some details in the appendix which talk about those things for 2020. And sure they are on the fourth quarter, most of that is in the fourth quarter, it was related to just annual true up that happened to work out in our direction, there was a small item that we found, which was an opportunity for us. But that's consistent with what we've been doing for a long, long time. Obviously, the big item, we adjusted out which we committed to you all we would do. And so going forward, any of those annual true up, they might break for us, they might break against us, and we have to manage within that. We do expect to find some small items going forward. But we're not counting on it. If you look at our tax rate for 2021 it's a 22%. And I think we're not disclosing it. But in our plan, we actually have it drifting back up to around 24%, 24.5% beyond that. We've had it lower for the last years as you know because we had all the AFUDC from the projects, all pretty much all of which went online in 2020. So that positive tax effect isn't as strong going forward.
JonathanArnold: So is it fair to say it sort of helped you $0.15 or so in Q4?
DrewMarsh: It did. We also weren't planning the $0.16 regulatory provision from the Arkansas order. So it kind of balanced out.
JonathanArnold: For sure, yes. I got it. And then I may have missed this. So make sure I obviously noticed your CapEx down I guess 2021, $300 odd million best follow up to 9% was, is most of that sort of dialing back in Arkansas, or some other things going on?
DrewMarsh: That is that is primarily Arkansas there. We we've taken some capital out of 2021 and 2022. We put a little bit back in 2023 in Arkansas. There were some other timing elements of the other jurisdictions, but the main impact is Arkansas.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Market.
JamesThalacker: Thanks so much. Good morning, guys. Just real quick follow up. And I think I know the answer, you reiterated your ranges, I guess through 2023 as well as the midpoint. And I think in relation to Steve's question, Drew doesn't sound like your financing plan has changed? Has there been any change? I guess in the cadence of that financing, and maybe to look at it is fairly ratable. But just kind of given where the FFO metrics are, should we assume that maybe some of that equity is a little bit more front end loaded or still ratable?
DrewMarsh: So we haven't, we don't have any additional information provide on timing. Other than what we've said previously, we do expect to issue some equity this year. And then we have the $2.55 billion by 2024. But outside of that we don't have any other timing or amount, items that we would disclose right now.
JamesThalacker: Got it and the $1 billion ATM that you were mentioning, I think you guys put that in place in December that was part of that original financing plan, too just to clarify.
DrewMarsh: That's correct. It's one of the tools that we were putting in place, with the other being the authorization requests for preferred equity
Operator: Our last question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi.
RyanLevine: Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on some of the bad debt items. Can you remind us exactly what in your 2021 earnings guidance is around bad debt expense assumption? And if there's any incremental off of initial assumption from the events from last week, appreciate the $400 million of incremental fuel costs number, so curious if you've adjusted any of your bad debt assumptions on that regard.
LeoDenault: We have not adjusted our bad debt assumptions for that. Right now, I believe it's probably fairly normal around the $25 million amount that I was talking about earlier. Obviously, we'll be monitoring that closely. And seeing where all the COVID arrears actually fall out, we have an estimate, as we were discussing earlier, there are about a third. Ultimately, we would expect to be able to recover those costs through the regulatory process. But we don't have exact numbers yet. This is - that part's a little bit uncharted territory, we'll see where it comes out.
RyanLevine: Are there any regulatory approaches or tools that you have, or any potential political responses to help mitigate that potential incremental bad debt expense?
LeoDenault: I don't know about regulatory tools. I mean, we have the orders that are already in place. We are working closely with customers to try and mitigate the impact on customers, we've done a number of things to put new deferred payment plans in place, we've been working hard with our customers, we've renegotiated 1000s of plans with our customers already, to try and help them out. We've invented new ways to get likely funding to our customers and other community tools that are available. We've actually worked with some of our retail regulators to do some of that in New Orleans and other jurisdictions. So there are a number of things that we have underway to try to mitigate the impact and we are trying to work hard and communicate very closely with our customers to make sure that they know where we are and with our retail regulators at the same time.
RyanLevine: Okay, and in fact to just squeeze on one last question, in terms of - what's the regulatory approach to enable a path forward for Louisiana and from your other jurisdictions to fuel LDCS with hydrogen, in light of your hydrogen strategies that you highlighted?
LeoDenault: Well, from a regulatory process standpoint, it would be the same process we use to with our resource planning. So whether it's an RFP process, recovery of those of the investments we make for those resources would go through our existing recovery mechanisms. But to the extent there are some nuances, where the current mechanisms don't account for some of the really forward-looking aspects of the hydrogen or any new technology. We'll be talking with our regulators about closing whatever those gaps are. But we have an existing process thus far with the RFP and the riders would have.
RyanLevine: Appreciated, thank you.
LeoDenault: And I'll just repeat the LDC is a very small piece of our overall business. I think the rate base is only about $200 million or so overall.
Operator: I'd like to turn the call back over to David Borde for any closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Michelle. And thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on March 1, and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergy Investor Relations website called regulatory and other information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Entergy Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Teleconference Call. [Operator Instructions].  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
David Borde: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions]. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are once again reporting strong quarterly results, which keep us firmly on track to meet our financial commitments. Third quarter adjusted earnings were $2.44 per share, and we're on pace to exceed our $100 million O&M cost savings target for the year. With 3 quarters behind us, and the confidence and clarity we have for the remainder of the year, we are narrowing our 2020 guidance range, which is now $5.60 to $5.70, and we are affirming our longer-term outlooks. 2020 has presented challenges for all of us around the world. We've endured a global pandemic, including its economic impacts. We've witnessed social unrest, and we've had a record-breaking storm season with back-to-back hurricanes hitting our service area. Yet no matter what 2020 threw at us, we remain steadfast in delivering on our commitments to our customers, our communities, our employees and our owners. That's what our stakeholders expect from us. For the past several years, we've built the culture, processes and resources to successfully deliver on our commitments even in the face of extraordinary times. Our comprehensive incident and storm response plans ensure we are always ready and prepared to respond to extraordinary events. Our best-in-class capital projects management team delivers projects on budget and on schedule, even in challenging environments. Our proven cost management program helps us confront financial headwinds so we can meet our financial commitments. And our disciplined continuous improvement program identifies permanent cost savings to deliver incremental sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. Our strong results today amid these extraordinary times demonstrate the progress we've made over the past 7 years to build a simpler, stronger and more resilient company. We are on track to achieve not only our commitments for 2020, but also the long term strategic, operational and financial objectives we laid out at Analyst Day.  We have a strong 5-year customer-centric capital plan that will elevate our customer experience. We will create incremental value for our 4 stakeholders through continuous improvement. We will continue our legacy of sustainability and environmental leadership for a cleaner world. And we will maintain our long-term vision for a steady, predictable growth in earnings and dividends, and we see a path to continue that growth beyond 2024.  The professionalism and dedication of our employees and our organization were once again on full display when Hurricane Delta made landfall in Southwest Louisiana on the heels of Hurricane Laura. Delta caused 493,000 outages at its peak. With the help of our mutual assistant partners, we were able to deploy 12,000 workers and nearly all of our customers were restored within 5 days. We showed why we are best-in-class in storm response as we successfully managed to back-to-back major hurricanes all amid a global pandemic. That's what we prepare for, and that's what we do.  In fact, Zeta is expected to make landfall this evening in Southeast Louisiana. We've activated our storm response plan, and we are fully prepared and ready to respond. For our restoration efforts, we have received broad support from local, state and federal officials and as one local official put it best during Hurricane Laura, as soon as the storm passed, Entergy was everywhere.  Of course, our thoughts and prayers are with everyone who is impacted by these storms, especially those in Southwest Louisiana and Southeast Texas who endured the most damage.  Beyond our thoughts and prayers, we've provided financial support to affected communities. Entergy shareholders granted more than $730,000 during the third quarter to help families and communities recover. We are deeply grateful for our employees and partners and dedicated themselves to restore the electric service that is so critical to the communities we serve. The storms also proved the strength and resiliency of our modern infrastructure. For example, in the past two years, we completed the Lake Charles and the Nelson Dermaina transmission projects in the Lake Charles area. Those projects were designed to Withstand 140-mile per hour winds. Every structure from those projects remain standing after enduring the brunt of Hurricane Laura, the strongest storm to hit Louisiana in over 150 years.  This is a direct result of our plan to improve the resiliency of our infrastructure and provide a high level of service to our customers. By contrast, many older structures in the same path, which were built to less resilient standards were destroyed. We rebuilt those structures using modern design and technology, and they remained intact throughout Hurricane Delta.  These improvements to our transmission system will provide benefits to our customers for many years to come. In the midst of all of this, we continue to make progress on our key long-term deliverables. Our renewables efforts have escalated over the past few years. And this quarter, we've achieved several important milestones. Louisiana customers began to receive power from the capital region Solar. The largest solar facility in the state. We have a 20-year power purchase agreement for the output from the 50-megawatt facility. Entergy New Orleans completed Louisiana's largest commercial rooftop solar project. Approximately 7,000 solar panels provide 2.4 megawatts of clean energy to New Orleans residents. We announced 3 new solar projects from our request for proposals. Entergy Arkansas is planning to purchase Walnut Bend, a 100-megawatt solar farm. Entergy Texas announced 2 projects from Insuranceage renewable RFP.  The first, Liberty County Solar will be a 100-megawatt owned resource. The second, Embrel Solar will be a 150-megawatt facility from which we will purchase the output. We are requesting approval from our regulators to move forward with these selections where required. We also continue to make progress on partnering with our customers to offer renewable resource options to help meet their sustainability goals.  61 tax-exempt companies subscribe to Entergy Arkansas' Solar energy purchase option, purchasing power generated by the Stuttgard Solar energy Center. By participating in this utility level arrangement, these customers will save anywhere from 18% to 28% and on their electricity usage. These renewable projects will bring clean energy to our customers and will help us achieve our environmental commitments. At Analyst Day, we laid out climate strategy, and we told you how renewable investments will continue to grow significantly as we move towards achieving our 2030 carbon reduction goal and ultimately, our commitment to achieve net 0 emissions by 2050. We already are the largest provider of renewable energy in both Louisiana and Arkansas. In Entergy, Mississippi is building the largest utility-owned solar facility in that state. We have a meaningful commitment to grow our renewable portfolio for which we plan significant investment by the end of the decade. As always, subject to the approval and direction of our regulators.  We will continue to engage and work with our regulators and stakeholders to expand the use of renewables under a framework that ensures we balance reliability, affordability and sustainability. In 2002, we established our portfolio transformation strategy to replace aging, less efficient assets with modern, cleaner, highly efficient assets. We've deactivated approximately 6,500 megawatts of older generation with an average heat rate of approximately 13,000. And we've added more than 9,000 megawatts of modern generation with an average heat rate of approximately 7,300. These newer resources have, on average, a 50% lower emissions profile than the assets we deactivated.  And not only are they cleaner, they also provide significant savings to our customers from lower fuel costs. Looking ahead, we will propose building resources that will have fuel optionality to be powered with hydrogen. We'll also look at retrofitting existing assets to enable the use of hydrogen fuel and carbon capture and sequestration technology. We are already working to make this a reality. We recently submitted a proposal in Entergy Texas' RFP for resource that is selected and approved, will be developed with the option to be powered partially or fully with hydrogen. And that asset could also utilize carbon capture and sequestration when that technology becomes economical.  Our portfolio transformation strategy has led to measurable undeniable results. For the past 2 decades, our emissions rate has been well below the sector average. Our utility CO2 emissions rate has decreased approximately 30%. And today, we operate one of the cleanest large-scale fleets in the country. And we will only continue to get cleaner as we maximize the use of new modern technologies to serve our customers at the lowest reasonable cost while meeting our environmental commitments. We've talked to you about our unique framework, which illustrates the certainty of our capital plan. 90% of our capital plan is based on the need for system modernization and is not dependent on customer growth. More than 90% will be recovered through timely rate mechanisms, and approximately 85% of our capital plan is ready for execution from a regulatory approval standpoint. Our constructive and progressive regulatory mechanisms provide clarity to our plan and give us confidence in meeting our financial commitments. On October 15, New Orland City Council approved the unanimous settlement agreement that resolves Entergy New Orleans rate case and FRP filing.  Under the agreement, Entergy New Orleans will submit the first of 3 annual formula rate plan filings in mid-2021. The agreement also sets Entergy New Orleans' equity ratio at 51% for the duration of the FRP. The settlement does not address the 9.35% allowed ROE. We continue to believe that this ROE does not adequately reflect Entergy New Orleans' business risk profile as evidenced by the recent downgrade by S&P. We will continue to explore adjustments to the allowed ROE in our discussions with the City Council and its advisers. Entergy Texas also submitted its first filing, utilizing the new generation rider recently established by the Texas Commission.  The filing requests a $91 million annual revenue requirement from Montgomery County Power Station effective when the plant is placed into service. At Entergy, we play a vital role in every region where we operate. This responsibility is never clear than during our incident response to events like major storms and the current pandemic. But our commitment to sustainability extends far deeper than just incident response. We demonstrate our leadership through our daily actions, such as our climate strategy, attracting talent and developing our workforce, our commitment to diversity, inclusion and belonging and initiatives that strengthen the well-being of our communities. At our Analyst Day, we published a comprehensive ESG presentation that outlines our leadership in sustainability, which I encourage you to review. As I said at the outset, 2020 has validated that we are now a simpler, stronger and more resilient company. We are prepared to successfully respond to challenges, and that's been important this year more than ever. With much of 2020 behind us, we've delivered strong results despite the challenges of a global pandemic and its economic impact, social unrest across the country in an active storm season with back-to-back hurricanes hitting our service area.  We are excited about the prospects ahead of us. The fundamentals of our company are strong and the value drivers that uniquely position us to be The Premier Utility remain in place. We are strategically, operationally and financially on track to meet the commitments we've made to our stakeholders. We have some of the lowest rates in the United States and are committed to maintaining that advantage. We have a significant investment plan that improves the level of service for our customers through innovative solutions that meet the outcomes they expect. We have one of the cleanest large-scale generation fleets in the country. And we are a leader in sustainability with a commitment to achieve net 0 carbon emissions by 2050. We have a clear line of sight to 5% to 7% growth in earnings. And by the end of next year, we'll start to grow the dividend commensurate with those earnings. And as we mature in our continuous improvement efforts, we aspire to lower our costs and do even better for the benefit of our stakeholders. We look forward to continuing the conversation with you at the EEI Financial conference, and Drew will now review the quarter's results.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo noted, our strong results this quarter demonstrate the progress we've made to build a strong resilient company, prepared to deliver on our commitments through extraordinary times. We're on pace to exceed our $100 million cost savings target for the year. And with the confidence and clarity we have for the remainder of the year, we are narrowing our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range, which is now $5.60 to $5.70. We're also affirming our longer-term outlooks as we remain focused on building the Premier Utility. Entergy adjusted earnings for the quarter were $2.44 per share. Drivers were straightforward. Starting with utility on Slide 6, we saw a positive effects of regulatory actions associated with our customer-centric investments in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.  We experienced lower sales volume due to the impacts from Hurricane Laura, COVID-19 and less favorable weather. O&M was once again lower in the quarter as we successfully manage through a challenging environment for the benefit of our stakeholders. And depreciation and interest expenses were higher as a result of our continued customer-centric investments. At EWC, on Slide 7, as reported earnings were $0.15, $0.85 higher than a year ago. The key driver was lower asset write-offs and impairment charges due to the sale of Pilgrim in the third quarter of 2019. In addition, strong market performance for EWC's nuclear decommissioning trust funds positively contributed. The quarter's results also reflected lower revenue and lower O&M, primarily due to the shutdown of Indian Point 2.  Slide 8 shows operating cash flow decreased approximately $145 million. The main drivers were lower collections from customers due to the impacts from COVID-19 and higher pension funding, $70 million reduction in the unprotected excess ADIT returned to customers partially offset the decrease.  Before we turn to outlooks, I'd like to quickly cover Hurricane Delta. As you can see on Slide 9, we estimate the total cost to be between $250 million and $300 million. We plan to consolidate these costs with those from Hurricane Laura and our regulatory recovery filings. Of course, we are also monitoring Hurricane Delta and will act on those costs appropriately based on the need and working closely with our retail regulators. Now turning to Slide 10. We have a good line of sight on the remainder of the year, and we are narrowing our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance, which is now $5.60 to $5.70. We are also affirming our longer-term outlooks. For 2020, we're successfully managing lower revenues from weather, COVID-19 and major storms. And to date, we are on track to exceed our $100 million cost reduction target, which allows us to deliver on our commitments to our customers, employees, communities and you, our investors. Our credit metrics and liquidity position are outlined on Slide 11. Our liquidity remains strong, and you can see that as of September 30, our net liquidity, including storm reserves was $4.3 billion. Our parent debt to total debt was 22.4% and our FFO to debt was 11.8%. The FFO metric included the effects of returning $119 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers over the last 12 months. Excluding this giveback and certain items related to our exit of EWC, FFO to debt would have been 12.5%.  Clearly, our FFO-to-debt ratio this quarter is unusually low. As you would expect, this is largely due to the effects of COVID-19 and Hurricane Laura and the acceleration of cash being returned to customers as a result of COVID-19, such as deferred fuel. Debt has also increased as a result of financing of storm costs near term. We expect these to cycle through over time. We remain firmly committed to achieving an FFO to debt target at or above 15%. And we are confident we will reach that level, but the timing will be affected by the recovery of our storm costs. We expect to achieve our targeted metric when storm securitizations are received. This is consistent with what we have communicated to the rating agencies. And both S&P and Moody's have written constructively about our credit post storms.  In fact, Moody's expects us to meet our FFO-to-debt target in 2022, which aligns with a non-expedited securitization plan. And S&P raised Entergy's business risk profile to excellent, S&P's best business risk profile. This is an important outcome as it recognizes the work we have done over the past few years to de-risk our asset portfolio and build a strong, resilient business. While we have made great progress, as Leo mentioned, we are nonetheless disappointed by the recent downgrade of Entergy New Orleans.  S&P's actions demonstrate the importance of supportive regulatory constructs, ROEs and capital structures to maintain the financial strength of our utility operating companies. Preserving credit quality is essential to keep costs low and fund needed investment for customers. This past summer, we had another successful quarter. Despite the impact from storms and COVID-19, we delivered on our customer, employee, community and investor objectives. We are meeting key goals as reflected in our 2020 deliverables. And as we demonstrated at Analyst Day, the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we remain uniquely positioned to be the premier utility.  We look forward to continuing the conversation with all of you at EEI. With the conference so soon after Analyst Day, we will not provide additional materials. Nevertheless, we did include in the appendix of today's webcast presentation, our preliminary 2021 drivers and our 3-year capital plan through 2023 by operating company, two disclosures we typically provide to you at EEI.  And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with Jpmorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with the O&M savings that you have -- you've really kind of succeeded with achieving this year. I'm just wondering where that stands, I guess, year-to-date, so far? What's driving your ability to kind of get to that target and go above that target? And how much of that could be kind of recurring into next year? Just trying to get a feeling on those items.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Jeremy, this is Drew. That's a good question. I think it relates to the operating leaders in the company, really following the plan that we laid out early in the year. And we talked about this really actually on our first quarter call about how we plan to go get the $100 million and then it was identified.  And we have actually pretty much run the exact game plan that we talked about back then. It had to do with some operational planning, deferring some maintenance items during outages and things like that. Those are probably the primary drivers, and we had to do that with reliability and safety in mind, of course, at all times.  And then there were a number of things that we identified that were related to COVID-19, a lot of employee expense related items, travel, cost for gathering and things of that nature. Now that we're working in a more decentralized fashion. So those make up the bulk of the opportunities. And I'll say that typically, we -- in any given year, we have what we call Flex spending opportunities, and those largely include the things that I just talked about. But not all of them are necessarily repeatable.  There may be different types of options in any given year, but our goal is to manage to an objective where we meet our steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth because that provides the financial flexibility and the credit quality that we need to continue to grow. At the same time, we do always look for continuous improvement opportunities and some of the things that I talked about could contribute to that. Namely some of the things that allow us to work differently today that we've discovered, some of the more decentralized learning, some of the employee expenses like travel. We may not have to travel as much. And so we're examining those things closely to see if they will fit into our continuous improvement programs and ultimately get reflected as continuous improvement. And that effort is where we would see opportunity on an ongoing basis to create more headroom for our customers for incremental customer investment.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And just one more, if I could. Could you provide kind of color on local sales trends? And what assumptions went into kind of underpinning your expected 3% growth in 2021? How have your thoughts kind of evolved since the Analyst Day?
Andrew Marsh: I'll take that one as well. They haven't really evolved much in Analyst Day. They're pretty much exactly where they were at that point. But we do expect continued rebound in the economy year-over-year. And so that's where the growth is mostly coming from. I will say, like I said at Analyst Day, our experience to date has been the so-called V-shaped recovery. But at Analyst Day, we said that given the economic forecast that we had seen, we were not forecasting a continuation of that being necessarily. We were smoothing that out and making it a little bit of a longer-term recovery. And so that's what's reflected in our forecast. And that is sort of that 3%. So we're not seeing as much of a rebound as we might have if we saw the more of the V-shape recovery. That opportunity is still potentially out there because like I said, our experience has been more of the V-shape thus far.  So perhaps we have a little bit of conservatism built in. If the economy does, in fact, slow down, we should be well positioned.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: Just two real quick questions. I guess, first, just following back, Drew, you answered the question on the FFO year -- quarter-over-quarter. But I also noticed that in your slides that you're talking about an average share count for 2021 is now 204 million shares versus $201 million in '20. So could we can infer that you've kind of made the decision on the form of equity that you'll undertake in 2021 and any considerations on timing we should be thinking about?
Andrew Marsh: No new considerations on timing. We are going to have to access equity capital by the end of next year, which is consistent with what we've been talking about. So you can see that in the in the numbers. But we haven't made definitive decisions on exactly how we're planning to go source that at this point, but we have some placeholders in to reflect different opportunities.
James Thalacker: Okay. And so you're still looking also, I guess, at the preferred option, too, is one of the things you talked about that the shareholder ?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, yes. We do. We still have that on the table, and we will still be seeking shareholder approval of that in -- with our proxy in the spring.
James Thalacker: Got it. And last question here. At slide 15, just looking at the Entergy Arkansas, there was a date here, I guess, today, where you were expecting potentially a stipulation or a settlement deadline. Do you think that we'll hear anything on that today?
Roderick West: It's Rod. I can answer that. Today, with the deadline for settlement on the FRP filing, and so not the extension. And we're actually working with both the commission and the stakeholders to extend that deadline another day or so to give the parties an opportunity to continue to work through the issues.  The nuance there is that there are a number of issues around the FRP that might implicate the actual extension, and we're trying to narrow that list down. So today, you might hear of an extension, but just know that that's an intentional effort on our part to provide some clarity to the commission on the issues that we've addressed between the actual FRP and the actual extension, which has a longer another month or so time line from a settlement perspective, but they're connected. So that's what's going on there.
James Thalacker: Understood. So you're basically just trying to narrow the scope?
Roderick West: That's exactly right.
James Thalacker: Right. And I guess just into that last point, the Arkansas staff appeared to come out rather forcely, I guess, on the FRP extension. Should we now expect a time frame for the clarity on that getting extended beyond -- I believe it's a December 4 of settlement deadline, and this could pivot to a fully litigated process? Or are you still optimistic that you could get a settlement on that side of it all?
Roderick West: No. So our point of view, our optimism around getting that business done has not changed. What you're seeing with the recent filings, both the staff and other stakeholders is the normal part of the process that essentially sets the conversations that we have when we're actually in negotiations as we are now. So between now and the actual extension of settlement time line, the beginning of December, I believe, we'll be going to work to close out the very issues that I alluded to before. So no, I don't expect there to be any difference because of what was filed, all of which have been expected.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. I suspect the answer to this may be sort of storm, et cetera. But I was just curious on the balance sheet, there was a really big move in accounts payable seemed to go up about $1.3 billion over the second quarter and just a lot bigger than usual. Anything you can provide there as a explainer?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. That's exactly what that is, Jonathan, and there is a corresponding regulatory asset in there that offsets that. And ironically, that is part of the challenge. A lot of that cash hasn't actually flowed out the door yet. But it's reflected in our FFO because we've taken out the working capital piece. So the payables are taken out, but the asset is still in there. So it looks like the cash has flowed in the FFO metric.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. And then could I just sort of ask for an update on arrears and bad debts? And you thought that on the balance sheet went up another $30 million versus June. And I guess on the rule of thumb you shared with us last quarter, you tend to book 30% of your arrears as bad debt. So does that imply an incremental $100 million over the sort of $100 million increase you had in the second quarter? Or is there another way of thinking about that?
Andrew Marsh: That's about right, Jonathan. We have booked a little bit of over $50 million in terms of bad debt expense. And you're right, it's about 1/3 typically of our overall customer arrears. And so that math would lead to about $150 million overall in that ballpark.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then you had said that you felt like last quarter, there were just people who could pay that just weren't paying. And is that -- what's your current feeling?
Roderick West: Yes. Since the beginning of the COVID. We had a point of view around what the experience would likely be like for customers who didn't pay and that align with our -- what we call the dunning process, where we were not disconnecting customers for nonpayment.  And we're seeing our expectations materialize. And there were some conservatism built in. As you recall, we saw regulatory accounting orders from our commissions. As a backstop to the potential and likely outcomes on bad debt and customer arrearages. And so we're actually seeing it play out the way that we expected. And we expect to be, at some point, in the near term, we haven't defined the date yet when we return back to more business as usual, whenever that might be, we'll actually begin the filings to connect recovery from customers, including through the regulatory mechanisms on the bad debt and other expenses associated with COVID.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Do you guys think that -- just what's the trajectory from here, though, and as you talk about your expectations, do you see it rising further? Or are we sort of -- we reached a level here?
Roderick West: It's too early to say, candidly, because there's the unknown as to what are going to be the continuing impacts of COVID as we round out the fourth quarter into the new year. What will likely be different is the stance of the regulators relative to the relief we provided to customers relative to that bad debt. And so that's going to be a to be continued.  On our end, we're going to be prudent in the way that we continue to provide service to customers, but take advantage of the opportunities given to us by the regulators to at least present to them what, if any, trends we're seeing. On arrears beyond sort of the path that we're currently on.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza Safran with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just two quick questions here. I appreciate the transparency on issuing the '23 guidance. Can we just talk a little bit about the cadence of the earnings growth year-over-year? Because it seems that at the midpoint of those ranges, you're expecting more tailwind growth rather than sort of front years of the plan, i.e., 5% in the front year, 7% closer to the '23 time frame. So just wanted to maybe get a sense on what's driving that? Is it the equity in the front end of the plan? So just kind of curious how we should think about the guidance.
Roderick West: Yes. I think, from our perspective, Shar, it's fairly ratable, pretty close to that 6%. When we have done a little bit better last year, and we're on track to do a little bit better this year, we're not necessarily projecting that out into the future years just yet. So we're -- so it looks like when we go from a little bit higher where we started for '20 to out in the future, it slows down a little bit, I think. But I think if you look at our original guidance midpoints, you'd see that fairly predictable 6% growth is what you'd see.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. So don't look at the year-over-year midpoint growth and assume that it is going to be more back-end loaded?
Roderick West: No, not from the revised spot. If you start from the original spot, I think you'll get to that same place.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And just one quick follow-up, Juan, just on the equity question. So just there's a lot of moving pieces, right? You've got storm recoveries. And clearly, there's another pending one coming, a little bit lower volumes, the credit metrics somewhat were lower than, I guess, not expectations, but as we think about it from a comparable standpoint.  How do we how do we maybe just -- can you frame the cadence on how we should think about equity? I mean, obviously, there's a little bit in plan now in '21. Should we just assume that equity should be more front-end loaded versus back-end loaded or something that's more annual, just given some of the moving pieces that was -- that you've highlighted and obviously, Leo highlighted in the prepared remarks.
Roderick West: Yes. I don't -- we're not planning any change in our cadence to our equity at this point as a result of COVID or the storms. So we do still expect to, as we've been talking about, have some equity by next year to maintain our path, although we probably won't be hitting our FFO to debt target exactly the same as we were. But we've committed that to the rating agencies that we will have some equity out there, and we'll continue with that process on through the next five years, but no real changes as a result of the storm or COVID at this point.
Operator: And our next question comes from Julian Dumoulin with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin: Sorry about that. I apologize, I wasn't quite sure if it was open. Listen, I'll make it easy or quick d easier quick. I'm curious as to how you would characterize the totality of the storms and the bill impacts incurred this year. I appreciate it doesn't necessarily fit into the traditional framework, should we call it, of the FRP. But really, just curious how you think about that and to the extent to which it may shift timing of CapEx or otherwise, as you think about bill impacts in future years is securitization and otherwise filter their way into rates.
Roderick West: It's Rod. I'll take a stab at it how we think about it. As you rightly stated, the storms operate outside of the traditional FRPs. and as a result, but nevertheless, still has an impact on the overall customer bill.  And my answer to that is the way that we think about that is not any different, what are the ways in which we can mitigate the bill impact. All what are the tools we have available to us, yes, we are starting from an advantageous standpoint of having amongst the lowest customer rates in the in the U.S. but knowing these storms will ultimately impact our customers. Well, we're exploring with the Feds as we shared with you all at Analyst Day, opportunities to offset some aspects of the customer deals as they relate to the storms.  There is the opportunity that we've had in prior storms and that we've already begun to take advantage of around securitization to lower the cost of the near-term cost of storm recovery for customers aside from the self-help opportunities we have to lower our overall cost of service to customers. So between the opportunities with the federal government, and DOE and others, the regulatory mechanisms we have, the financial structures we have used in the past and our own self-help, we're going to continue to do what we've done before and that is work to mitigate the impact on customers. And the storm is, from our vantage point, is no different than any other cost to provide those outcomes for customers.  So that will be a work in progress, but our objective to keep our -- going back to Leo's point, our objective around the reliability part of -- I mean, the affordability part of reliability, sustainability and affordability that's our normal course of business. And so there's nothing that's going to be different about that.
Leo Denault: Julien, I'll just add, this is Leo. We talked about at Analyst Day, given what our current rate level is and what the current trajectory is without the storm costs are manageable. And we still believe that they're manageable within the capital budget that we've got.  And as Rod mentioned, that's totally consistent with the way that we've operated over the years, it's totally consistent with the way we've gotten recovery of storm costs over the years. And it is our objective to attempt to continue to try and do better for all of our stakeholders.  So through continuous improvement and everything, we anticipate that we can even make that a little bit better for our customers. So we think it's all manageable in the context of the size of the balance sheet, the size of our asset base and everything to be able to make all this work.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: First. So first, maybe on the O&M. So you clearly have overachieved on the O&M costs so far this year. But when I look on the slide, the guidance slide, it seems that there are -- full year goal remains the same. Would that -- should we expect a reversal of O&M cuts in Q4 then? Or should we expect you to try and sustain the cost cut trajectory into the end of the year?
Andrew Marsh: Sophie, this is Drew. We're going to get a little bit above that $100 million. So it might get to the $120 million range or so by the end of the year, that's baked into the new narrowed range that we talked about this morning.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then on equity and sort of balance sheet, again, there is a real possibility as we sit here today that we will see some form of better reversal of the tax cuts from 2016 right under the Biden administration, which is presumably would be balance sheet positive for utilities. Would that influence your thinking about equity needs? Would you wait to get more clarity on that type of development?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, this is Drew. So absolutely, we would be thinking about that. And since our equity plan goes out for five years, I expect that in the course of that, we would get some clarity around how the new tax rate would play out and how it would get ultimately into rates. And assuming those turn into deferred taxes, the extra cash flow that we would get that we could use to offset any potential equity.  I don't know that it's going to set -- offset all of our equity. And as, of course, you know, there are other proposals out there like alternative minimum taxes that are less clear at this point about what those might actually be, but we'll have to monitor those closely as well. But yes, you're correct. It should -- if you assume, it went from 21% to 28% on the federal tax rate and those are deferred taxes that should improve our FFO, we should reduce our equity need.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to check in on regulated nuclear operations. I know you've made a lot of investments in that regard. I was just curious have those investments been paying off? Are the metrics you point to just in terms of how the operations are going on that side?
Leo Denault: Thank you, Stephen. They are paying off. We've seen the benefit of putting those investments into the plants, in the operations of the plants, improving. And so everything is on track for those. As we mentioned, we just came out of the last big outage as it relates to the program that we went under as we went from 2016 to this point throughout the regulated fleet as we were preparing most of those for their new extended lives. So we are seeing the benefit of those investments. We continue to have investments to make, although they're not the kind of the size of what we've been doing over the course of the last couple of years.
Stephen Byrd: Got it. That's really helpful. And then just going back to storm damage and thinking through that, I appreciate you have a lot of tools at your disposal to think about the customer bill impact. One tool I was just curious about just is duration of recovery whether that over time might be adjusted. I guess one thing I've been thinking through is just if we if we annualize some of the damages we've been seeing of late.  It does start to show a more material impact on the bill, but if you have the ability to kind of spread that out over a longer period of time, that could help alleviate the impact a bit. How do you think about that element of in the toolbox?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Steven, this is Drew. So all of our retail regulators are going to expect us to utilize securitization in order to minimize the cost of capital associated with that. And right now, 10-year securitization is probably around 1% cost of capital. If we were to stretch that out to 15 years, you might be able to get -- it would be a little bit higher, but you would stretch the overall bill impact a little bit.  So somewhere in there is probably what we are thinking about, some place to optimize the impact on the customer bill or I should say, probably minimize the impact on the customer bill, not optimized. That's probably the wrong word.  But that's plus, as you know, while we're always thinking about structural ideas, I'm sure you remember our affiliate preferred and things that we've done in the past to try and minimize the customer bill impact as well. So we're looking at structural alternatives that we may try to come up with to help mitigate that as well.
Stephen Byrd: I got you. It's a good point that if you extend the duration a bit, the cost of that debt financing probably doesn't go up a whole lot. So that's a tool for sure. Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rakesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one quick one on FFO to debt going back to that. Just curious on -- so it looks like you moved the target 6 months from Q4 '21 to mid-2022. Just any color on sort of what gives you confidence that you can get there by mid-2022? Is it the regulatory approvals of storm cost recovery? Or is this something that you sort of put together in discussion with the credit agency? Just any color around the timing of those targets credit metrics would be helpful.
Andrew Marsh: Sure. That's a good question because yes, we were pretty specific with mid-2022, but really we're tying it to the timing of our securitization more or less. Once we get the securitizations in place, that should help us move to FFO-to-debt ratios that are much closer to our targets. So the -- yes. when Moody's wrote about it, they said 2022. And if you think about our securitization -- typical securitization time line, it's 18 to 24 months. So we sort of said, okay, well, 24 months from basically, whenever Laura came along, of course, now we are looking at the data this afternoon.  So 24 months from that might be a little bit longer. But we're going to be seeking expedited treatment for some of this, and hopefully, we'll be able to move that time line forward a bit.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So essentially leverage securitization of those costs. And if you were able to get it early, it would probably be earlier than mid-2022?
Andrew Marsh: That's what we would be thinking about. Yes. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: Thank you. Couple of questions on EWC. One would be, can you help us understand what the objections are for New York and transferring the Indian Point license? And do you think that, that's going to hold up a potential transfer of license to Holtec. And can we also get maybe a little bit of an update on the cash flows that you're now expecting between now and when EWC winds down?
Andrew Marsh: Okay. This is Drew. On the regulatory front, we are in discussions with various agencies in New York as well as the. And the NRC is getting closer to the end of its process. And of course, they are evaluating the operational capability and the financial capability of Holtec to do the decommissioning. And we have full confidence that they will pass the screens from the NRC. From the state's perspective, they're asking the same questions really.  And so it's just a matter of working through the process in New York. It's not a defined process as well as it is at the NRC but we are working through. We're having conversations, and we still believe that at this point, we are on track to close sometime around the middle of next year. In terms of the cash flows, I believe they are still positive from kind of 2020 through 2022, cash back to parent. That's kind of the metric that we've used. If you just used EBITDA, of course, you might not be looking at that. We don't have much capital left in these plants before they are retired. But our overall cash back to parent is still slightly positive.
Paul Fremont: Great. Any order of magnitude there?
Andrew Marsh: Oh, less than $100 million.
Operator: And our last question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Sorry I was on mute there. Just a very quick follow-up on O&Ms. You say you're on track to exceed $100 million. I think I heard $120 million, but I see you're continuing to call for $2.7 billion for 2021. I guess my question is, as you go through the year, are you still thinking those savings won't be repeated or recurring? Or is your reiteration of $2.7 billion conservative?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. That's a good question. It's a question that LEO asked me every day about why we're still at $2.7 billion. We do have a lot of costs that came out of this year that did move into next year. And so a lot of these things, that I mentioned at the outset, we're a part of operational changes that we made during outages, maintenance decisions that we made and things like that, that we do have to make in order to maintain the safety and reliability of our assets. So that's probably the main thing. But as I said, we have learned some things, and we have some continuous improvement opportunities that are coming out of that. Some are pretty immediate like travel expenses. Others may take a little bit of time like trying to realize real estate savings from a smaller footprint or something of that nature. So there are going to be some opportunities that result from what we've done this year that become continuous improvement. And those will be baked into our expectations over time.
Leo Denault: Yes. Andrew, this is Leo. Andrew is being a little bit funny about what I ask him every day. He's trying to be comedian today on the call, I guess. But the fact of the matter is we think we're in a pretty good position in terms of the business model, the investment opportunities we have, the ability to create value for our customers.  I went through in my prepared remarks. Just consider the value of the new transmission infrastructure versus the old transmission infrastructure on a day in, day out basis, but certainly in times like what we've seen the anomaly that has been of 2020 all the way around. We've learned a lot about the way we operate the business, both from our flex levers, our continuous improvement and the things that Drew was talking about, what we're capable of when we put our mind to it. Obviously, when we talk about how we're teeing up sales growth and how we're teeing up O&M, certainly for next year and the years beyond, there's a lot of uncertainty out there that we just need to make sure that we're prepared for. And so we've set ourselves up to be prepared for that uncertainty. The biggest one being obviously the pandemic, how long does it go, when is our vaccine? We can control what we can control. We can't control the public health crisis. So we're going to control what we can control. For example, the posture that we're in today as it relates to our travel schedules and our remote work schedules, our meeting schedules and all that. We've announced to our employees that we're going to continue in that process until the middle of 2021 at a minimum. So obviously, there could potentially be some opportunities in there. There could be some opportunities, as Drew mentioned, in the sales forecast. But those are dependent in some respects on things that we don't control. So I guess the play being is we're going to control everything that is under our control. And then we're going to prepare ourselves to be able to handle the stuff that we can't control, whether it's continuation of pandemic and a sales forecast that shows up different than our sales experience has been. But also give ourselves some capability to manage on the cost side, too, if that happens. So we feel like we're in a pretty good place, teed up for 2021. Certainly, by the time we get to the end of 2021, we would anticipate that we get back to a much more normal trajectory. And we're prepared for a continuation of 2020, if we have to. We're really excited about how we can perform under normal circumstances. So I don't know if that directly answers your question or not, but.
Andrew Weisel: Yes. No, that's very helpful. Certainly hoping for a return to normal sometime soon, but I think it's going to be imminent. And Leo, I think we all know that you give Drew a hard time day and day out in a very good way. So keep it up.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to David Borde for any closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Jimmy, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.  Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called regulatory and other information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude your program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participant lines are in listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then, Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in todays press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, we are reporting strong second quarter results of $1.37 adjusted earnings per share. Sales in the quarter were better than we expected. We are on track to achieve our $100 million O&M cost savings target for the year. And our capital plan is unchanged. With these results, we are affirming our full year guidance, our longer term outlooks and our dividend growth aspirations. As you all know, the COVID-19 pandemic has placed a burden on our customers, employees and communities. We believe, it is part of our mission, empowering life, to do all that we can to support our stakeholders as we all work to recover from its effects. Despite these extraordinary times, 2020 is on pace to be another year of significant accomplishments for Entergy. This quarter, weve made progress on multiple fronts, all of which will benefit our stakeholders. We completed Phase 2 of the Western Region economic transmission project. The New Orleans Power Station came on line. The Public Utility Commission of Texas finalized its rulemaking for generation rider. The Mississippi Public Service Commission approved Entergy Mississippis formula rate plan filing. Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Louisiana each filed their annual formula rate plans and requested extensions of these mechanisms. And Entergy Louisiana issued a request for proposal for up to 300 megawatts of new renewable resources. And more importantly, we continue to successfully manage the effects of our investment on customer rates. According to an S&P Global Market Intelligence study published earlier this month, in 2019, Entergy provided power to retail customers at the second lowest average price of the major investor owned utilities in the United States, something we are very proud of. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect all of us across the country. As we discussed last quarter, we were well-prepared from the outset and we continued to effectively manage our response. We are taking precautions for our employees and our customers. Those who can are working from home. And we have procedures in place to keep our employees in the plants and in the field safe. We are also creating innovative solutions to help our customers and our communities. For example, our social responsibility and automation employees work together to develop a bot that proactively informs customers in need about the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program or LIHEAP. This project also won second place in the global contest for innovative ways to reduce COVID-19s impact on the economy and communities. Students and faculty at Southern University are using 3D printers in their Entergy sponsored lab to make parts for reusable N95 masks for healthcare professionals. With our community partners, Entergy has helped to prepare more than 2 million meals, provided crisis grants for more than 5,000 households and delivered personal protection equipment to first responders, individuals and families indeed. Through the first half of the year, Entergy has donated almost $9 million in charitable contributions to support our communities, including almost $3 million in COVID relief efforts and Entergys The Power to Care program, which helps customers who need financial assistance to pay their bills. In parallel to our COVID-19 relief efforts, we continued to execute on our major projects across our service area to modernize our utility infrastructure and enhance its efficiency and reliability for the benefit of our customers. We placed New Orleans Power Station in service in May, in time for the summer peak period and hurricane season. Since entering service, this highly flexible and efficient peaking unit is being dispatched frequently. We completed Phase 2 of the Western Region economic transmission project. This $115 million investment supports economic growth in Southeast Texas and enhances reliability for existing and future customers. The Public Utility Commission of Texas also approved our certificate for convenience and necessity for the Timberland transmission line, $57 million project expected to be completed in 2022. We reached an important energy milestone with the 100th customer signing up for the ReNEWable Orleans Residential Rooftop Solar program. The program offers a cost effective way for low income customers to participate in the benefits of renewable energy without having to make an upfront capital investment. Entergy New Orleans installs, owns and maintains the rooftop solar systems and customers get a bill credit for their participation. ReNEWable Orleans is a good example of the innovative programs we are implementing to deliver renewable energy solutions to our customers. We will continue to engage with our regulators and stakeholders to expand the use of renewables under a framework that ensures we build the most economic system balancing reliability, cost and sustainability. In addition to providing meaningful customer benefits, our three-year capital plan has significant certainty. Weve talked to you before about the 90-90 framework by which you should view the certainty of our capital plan that our capital plan is 90% ready for execution from a regulatory approval standpoint, and that more than 90% will be recovered through timely mechanisms. Today, were adding a third 90 to further emphasize the strength of the plan. That 90% of the capital plan is based on the need for system modernization and not dependent on customer growth. These three statistics mean that our customer-centric capital plan is necessary, the majority will not require a special regulatory view, and we expect timely recovery. We benefit from constructive and progressive regulatory mechanisms that provide clarity to our plan and give us confidence in meeting our financial commitments. Recently, the Public Utility Commission of Texas finalized the generation rider, which will provide for full and timely recovery of capital costs associated with a new generation facility. Were grateful for the Commissions leadership in developing this new rule, more timely recovery to help us create value for our stakeholders in Texas and ensure that the communities we serve remain economically competitive. We plan to make a filing later this year, using this mechanism to request recovery of Montgomery County Power Station when it comes on line in 2021. Entergy Mississippi received approval of its formula rate plan filing, rates were implemented in April. Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Louisiana each submitted their annual FRP filings. Summaries of the requests are included in the appendix of our webcast presentation. Both of these operating companies are in the last year of their FRP cycles, and both are requesting extensions. Entergy Louisianas request includes a midpoint reset, and a new distribution rider similar to the transmission rider that is currently in fact. In New Orleans, we continue to work with the City Council on the appropriate timing to begin the filing cycle for the recently approved three-year formula rate plan. At SERI, we filed our brief on exceptions to the ALJs initial decision issued in April. As you know, we disagree with most of the initial decision, because it incorrectly seeks to resolve important policy issues of first impressions that FERC ultimately must decide. The actions weve taken seek to create significant benefits for our customers who consistently experience some of the lowest rates in the country, year-after-year. Our customers have not been harmed by our actions, and in fact, stood to benefit greatly from them. Our tax planning practices have created more than $900 million in direct customer benefits, $550 million of which has already been credited to customer bills. The April initial decision, if it is affirmed by the FERC, we discourage utilities like ourselves from pursuing such prudent innovative strategies to lower customer bills. The sale leaseback arrangement also produced significant savings for our customers, and ALJs recommendations would similarly discourage utilities from entering into such transactions. We feel strongly that our positions on the law and the facts are correct. To be very clear, we believe that our actions have been prudent and for the benefit of customers, and that there should be no refunds or disallowances, except for the small depreciation correction that we agreed to. While we will vigorously defend our position at the FERC, the timeframe for pursuing SERIs uncertain tax position any further is lengthy and the outcome is uncertain. This leaves us no choice but to mitigate risk for our owners. In the next few weeks, we will give up SERIs uncertain tax position with the IRS. This will effectively cap the principle of any potential historical refunds, eliminate the basis for any reduction in SERIs rate base going forward and eliminate the basis for the $147 million excess ADIT customer credit raised in the July ALJ initial decision. Drew will provide additional thoughts on this matter, and I encourage you to review our brief on exceptions. At Entergy, we play a vital role in every region where we operate, and our core values are reflected in our efforts on behalf of our stakeholders. Entergy is consistently recognized for its corporate citizenship, climate leadership and commitment as an employer of choice, which is a tremendous honor. For a fifth consecutive year, Entergy was named a 2020 honoree of the Civic 50 by Points of Light, the worlds largest organization dedicated to volunteer service. This award recognizes Entergy as one of the 50 most community minded companies in the United States. Additionally, 3BL Media has named Entergy to its annual 100 Best Corporate Citizens ranking, which recognizes outstanding environmental, social and governance transparency and performance among the 1,000 largest U.S. public companies. This is the eighth year Entergy has been included in this prestigious ranking. We were also named the winner of a Bronze Stevie award for our 2019 climate report where we outline steps that we are taking to deliver cleaner energy solutions and promote a lower carbon future for all of our stakeholders. Finally, like many of you have been saddened and upset by recent events that have laid bare yet again, the deep social inequalities and injustices, so many in our country continue to face. As our human rights statement outlines, Entergy respects the human rights of all individuals. With the workforce of close to 14,000, we leave no room in Entergy for racism, discrimination or intolerance, but rather seek to achieve our vision and mission through diversity and inclusion of all people and their unique ideas, backgrounds and perspectives. We will continue to move forward in our mission, and you as owners, including our employees who are a top 10 owner of the Company, have my and the entire Entergy leadership teams commitment that we wont retreat from our obligations personally or professionally. We know that our actions towards creating real and meaningful change speak much louder than words. As I said at the outset, we delivered yet another strong quarter. Even though COVID-19 has had an impact, 2020 has already been a year of significant accomplishments that keep us on track to meet our strategic, operational and financial objectives. We are committed to those objectives and our resolved to be the premier utility. The foundation of our business remains strong and sustainable. We have among the lowest retail rates in the country. Our capital plan remains on track and will modernize our system, benefit our customers and our local economies. We have constructive and progressive regulatory mechanisms. We are an industry leader in critical measures of sustainability. We have one of the cleanest large scale power generation fleets. And while we have seen some slowdown in industrial activity, our industrial base is among the most economically advantaged in the world. And we expect that they will lead the regions recovery in their respective industries. We create innovative solutions to help our customers, and were prepared to overcome headwinds through a disciplined cost management program as evidenced in our response to both, last years unfavorable weather and this years COVID-19 impacts. It should not surprise you that we are affirming our longer term outlooks, given our commitment to create permanent cost savings through continuous improvement efforts. These efforts strengthen and when possible will improve our delivery of steady, predictable earnings growth, as we demonstrated on this call just last year. This is what makes Entergy a compelling long-term investment. This is the foundation on which we will grow, innovate and expand our investment profile to continue to deliver on our commitments tomorrow. Before I turn the call over to Drew, I want to confirm that our virtual Analyst Day will be held on September 24th. These are exciting times for Entergy. And we look forward to continuing the conversation with you then about what were doing to build the premier utility. Drew will now review our second quarter results and our outlooks.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo noted, our second quarter results were strong. Sales were better than we expected on our last call. We are well on track to achieve our cost savings for the year, and our capital plan remains unchanged. Were affirming our guidance on longer term outlooks as we stay focused on becoming the premier utility. Entergy adjusted earnings for the quarter were $1.37 and drivers were straightforward. Starting with utility on slide 6, we saw positive effects of regulatory actions associated with our customer-centric investments in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas, including the Lake Charles Power Station, which came on line a few months early. We experienced lower sales volume due to impact from COVID-19 and unfavorable weather. Lower O&M reflected our cost reduction initiatives, as well as the timing and scope of non-nuclear generation outages and lower nuclear generation expenses. Depreciation and interest were higher as a result of our continued growth, and earnings on a per share basis also reflected a higher share count. At EWC, on slide 7, as-reported earnings were $0.55 higher than a year ago. The key driver was strong market performance for EWCs nuclear decommissioning trust funds. The quarters results also reflected lower revenue and lower O&M, primarily due to the shutdown of Pilgrim and Indian Point 2. Slide 8 shows operating cash flow increased approximately $240 million. The main drivers were higher collections for fuel and purchase power costs and a $45 million reduction in the unprotected excess to ADIT returned to customers. The second quarter also benefited from lower nuclear refueling outage spending and lower severance and retention payments at EWC. Lower collections from utility customers partially offset the increase. Now, turning to slide 9, we are affirming our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.45 to $5.75, and our 2021 and 2022 outlooks remain unchanged. As I mentioned in my introduction, our sales came in higher than we discussed last quarter, when we initially estimated the effects of COVID-19, and were well on track to achieve our cost savings for the year. Sales were better than expected in all classes and our overall 2020 expectation has improved slightly. For O&M, to-date, weve achieved nearly 40% of our $100 million spending reduction, and remain on track to achieve the remainder by year-end. And while our year-to-date variance is very positive, portion of that is due to planned projects that were shifted to the second half of the year in response to COVID-19. As a result, we expect the third and fourth quarters to reflect spending for these delayed projects, as well as the balance of our identified cost savings initiatives. Our credit metrics and liquidity position are outlined on slide 10. Our parent debt to total debt was 22% and our FFO to debt was 14.6%. The FFO metric includes the effects of returning $189 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers over the last 12 months. Excluding this giveback and certain items related to our exit of EWC, FFO to debt would have been 16%. As we noted last quarter, we remain committed to achieving FFO to debt at or above 15% by fourth quarter 2021. Our liquidity position remains strong. And you can see that as of June 30th, our net liquidity including storm reserves of $3.5 billion. Following up on Leos comments regarding SERI, we estimate that if the FERC were to agree with the conclusions in the ALJs initial decision without modification, the ongoing adjusted EPS impact could be $0.15 to $0.20. This includes approximately $0.06 for the sale leaseback issue and the remainder is from financing refunds to customers. This also reflects that we will give up SERIs uncertain tax position with the IRS to mitigate risks to our owners and it does not reflect any actions we would take elsewhere in the Company to mitigate the impact. This estimate should not be interpreted as acknowledgement on our part of the merits of the initial decision, or our expectation of the potential outcome on this matter. As Leo mentioned, we disagreed with the initial decision, we clearly laid out in our filings in this case, and we dont believe there should be any material impact to EPS. Before closing, our Analyst Day is scheduled for September 24th. Well share with you our longer term growth strategy, including our customer-centric investments and continuous improvement efforts. We will provide five-year views of our EPS outlooks and credit expectations, as well as details on the key drivers that support our path to achieve our objectives. Were excited to share our plans with you. We had a strong second quarter, we achieved a number of significant accomplishments, and we remain on track to meet our strategic, operational and financial objectives. Were committed to these objectives, as well as our goal to be the premier utility. And we look forward to continuing this conversation at Analysts Day. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Thalacker from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
James Thalacker: Just two real quick questions. I think, your previous guidance had assumed a 2% decline for 2020 -- sorry, 2.5% decline for the full year; now, youre at 2%. Can you kind of give us a breakdown of how you are thinking about that for the balance of the year? And do you think theres some -- maybe some conservatism baked in there on the industrial side, as youre kind of looking at the recovery through the end of 2020.
Drew Marsh: Yes. James, this is Drew. Yes. So, we havent changed our outlook for sales actually for the third and fourth quarter from what we described in May, even though we did see a little bit better outcome in the second quarter than what we were anticipating. It is possible that we could do better. But, given the spike in cases, around the country and our service territory, we thought we should just keep it about where it is for right now. We do continue to see the phased reopening, even though its paused in certain municipalities right now. So, there is opportunity perhaps over the balance of the year. But, for the time, weve elected to keep our outlook for sales, where we had it for the second half.
James Thalacker: So, basically, the improved sort of outlook really comes from just the second quarter and whether youve kind of -- and the sales youve seen sort of quarter-to-date? 
Drew Marsh: Thats correct.
James Thalacker: Okay. And then, the other question, I guess just comes back to sort of credit is, are you still comfortable with the equity guidance that youve given before where youre looking, I think for the high end of the 5% to 10% of the planned CapEx? Is that still sort of how youre looking at things, and do you still feel like youre on target for the end of the year to get to 15% FFO to debt, which I think is where you guys were sort of targeting last time we spoke?
Drew Marsh: Thats right. We are still targeting that, we still expect to make that by fourth quarter next year. And our equity outlook is in that same range that weve talked about previously. We have continued to think about timing. And we think its probably the latter half of next year when the need will actually arise. And we continue to think about the method in which we would deliver that. And in the past weve talked about block rate. Thats what we did a few years ago. So thats still on the table. But, weve also added other options to the table, including an ATM possibility and even perhaps preferred equity. Right now, we dont have authorization for preferred equity within our charts. So, we would need a proxy vote to ensure that that would be shareholder friendly, but were considering that as well. 
James Thalacker: And just a follow-up on the preferred equity, Im assuming thatd be like a mandatory convert.
Drew Marsh: Yes.
James Thalacker: Is that from a rating agency standpoint? I know that youll get anywhere from 25% to 50% credit for something like that. Does that kind of limit I guess how much of the funding you can do through the convert, just considering its a little bit farther out and you dont get as much equity credit as you would versus say a block sale or through an ATM?
Drew Marsh: So, thats why the preferred equity gets you actually I think up to 100%. There are options around preferred debt, other versions of convertibles that will give you various credit, depending on the rating agency. And we have authorization for all of those. What we dont have authorization for is the preferred equity that would allow you to get 100% credit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So, good to see that the $100 million cost savings program is on target. Is there any plans to hold recurring savings into 21? Any sort of rough numbers to think about, I mean, what could be recurring with the 2020 savings, anything perpetual? And I have follow-up.
Drew Marsh: So, obviously, at this point in the year, we are also thinking about 2021 and what that might mean. And we have started to think about opportunities for savings in 2021. So, that is actually well under way. Currently, we are monitoring everything thats going on in the world and making sure that there isnt any other risks that may be out there that we will need to apply those two. But that network that youre referring to is well underway. But, were not prepared to talk about specific numbers at this point.
Shahriar Pourreza: And obviously, you highlighted its been relatively a strong start to the year. Can you just maybe point us to kind of where youre tracking within your 2020 earnings band? It seems to be just as rough modeling, youre getting a little bit closer to the top end, especially if the 3Q weather transpires? Just maybe a little bit of -- from a trend perspective, where are you in that band?
Drew Marsh: Were still tracking towards the middle of the band. There are opportunities potentially out there for us. But, we continue to track towards the middle at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: I was just -- could I just come back to sales and just ask you where they most sort of deviated, to the positive or otherwise from -- in the second quarter? Because the way you show that slide and on the Q1 deck, I believe that was sort of versus guidance, rather than a year-over-year camp. So, just curious whether that was sort of down. I think it was down 1% in industrial, for example in Q2. Was that where the favorability was, or was it more on the residential side?
Rod West: This is Rod. Good morning. I think, the storyline remains consistent with what we expected back in May, where the growth was driven by residential, because so much of the shelter-in-place was showing up -- was showing up in our residential sector. And you had some volatility in the commercial sector, because you had so many different levels of uncertainty with schools and churches and restaurants and the like. And I think, the clarity we had in the industrial sector sort of played out, although it was a little bit better than expected. So, the fundamentals have not changed dramatically, when you think about sort of this cross sector contribution to growth. So, residential is really showing up for us and offsetting a large part, a lot of the volatility were seeing elsewhere.
Drew Marsh: And Ill just add to that it pretty much was across all three quadrants, where we were a little bit ahead of expectations. It wasnt one or the other that completely dominated.
Jonathan Arnold: And just my follow-up on the balance sheet, it looks like your uncollectibles went up from 7 odd million to 43 or so. Can you talk a little bit about what youre seeing there, whether its sort of on -- has it kind of spiked and is it plateauing now, or is it sort of on accelerating trend, and then, just how to think about some of those variables going forward?
Drew Marsh: Jonathan, thats a good question. So, we are seeing more uncollectibles right now. We actually -- as you noted, we booked about $30 million of bad debt expense this quarter. That was offset by regulatory assets, given regulatory orders that we have in our retail jurisdictions. So, theres not really any bottom line impact associated with that, because we would expect to be able to recover those costs. Historically, weve experienced about -- bad debt expenses, about a third of our typical arrears. So, typically, we have arrears in any given point of about $75 million, and we experienced about $25 million of bad debt expense. We are about $100 million higher on our arrears right now. And thats why we booked the $30 million. So, its consistent with that ratio. We expect that there are some people that are able to pay that are just taking advantage of the current situation. But -- and we do expect that to grow a little bit more. We havent turned on our dunning programs. And we would expect that that balance would continue to grow through the summer, although we expect it to continue to be manageable. And it is -- that growth is reflected in our liquidity expectations, which continue to be strong. So, that is something that were closely monitoring. And its important for us to continue to work with our customers in order to help them through this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can, and I first off want to say that I appreciate [Technical Difficulty]
Leo Denault: Julien, were having trouble hearing you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I apologize. Hey, guys, apologies. On the merits of your argument with SERI and just understanding just the financial implication, Drew, you specifically said that there were some mitigating factors, but didnt quantify or specify what they were. Can you help walk through what they might be, be it from a reduction in financing needs or otherwise? Just help us understand what reserves you might have already taken and/or other mitigating circumstances?
Leo Denault: Julien, Ill start with the quote unquote mitigating circumstances. And then, Ill let Drew kind of finish up. But, first and foremost, my expectation would be that we would -- that whatever impact ultimately happened that we would overcome that and still meet our expectations. So, thats our going-in position from just an organizationally that whatever the impact is that we would continue to meet the objectives that weve laid out for you. There are also some -- within the SERI case, I think, there are some things that we talked about in the past that could be used to mitigate, such as the interest costs that we have in the IRS and some other things like that. And obviously thered be some financing or whatever that would fit into, whatever financing plan Drew has. But, I guess, the overall -- the overarching mitigation is that whatever it is, that will be our expectation to overcome it.
Drew Marsh: Right. And I would say that the opportunity within our business is embedded within our continuous improvement program. And so, as you know, weve been working hard to continue to develop that. And we feel like its continued to grow and mature. And that is where that opportunity would come from. So, not all of it clearly has been identified at this point. But, as we clearly just articulated, there is an expectation about how we would be expected to operate within the Company. And just like we have in the past, I have 100% confidence that the Company is going to figure out how to make that work.
Leo Denault: And of course, Julien, our perspective is that there wont be an impact, because of our position in the case. So, I just want to make that clear too?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely, I appreciate the merits of the arguments there as well. They sound, sound. But, if I can ask you to down on this, as you obviously have a $100 million in cost that you are well on track, at least for this year. When you say youll find ways to offset that, does that include leveraging or offsetting it with continuation of this $100 million in cost cuts? And maybe even more broadly, actually, I know the last quarter and at the outset of COVID, weve been talking about the sustainability of these cost reductions. How do you think about that now, given the plans for the back half of the year and how that might impact 21, and also considering potential timing in 21 of resolution to the sales basis when you say...
Leo Denault: So, Ill unpack a little bit of that, Julien, and Ill ask my colleagues to tell me if I forget some of the points that you can get that in there. I appreciate the question because really there is a couple of things at play here. The $100 million is by and large our flex program with what were doing within the year to manage the impacts of COVID and weather. Obviously, weve had that negative weather so far this year, plus the impacts of COVID. Last year, we had negative weather and those intra-year dollars are primarily what we talked about at the beginning of the year when we started to flex associated with weather and then continued to ramp up the flex because of the impact on sales of COVID. In parallel to that, we do have a continuous improvement program, which is more akin to what we did last year on this call, where we found permanent cost reductions that as you recall, allowed us to invest more capital into the system, to improve the reliability of the system and the impact on the experience in our customer base, plus grow the business, allowed us to actually add money to our charitable foundation and to our employee benefits through those -- the headroom that was provided through those and continuous improvement. So, when we start to talk about next year, therell be a combination of the two as well. I will say that -- Im sure this is not unique to us that we are finding there are some areas of impact on our cost, associated with our reaction to COVID that will likely fall into that bucket of continuous improvement and could be permanent. We have -- were in the process of trying to merry what goes from an annual thing to a permanent thing. But, Im sure even within all of your firms youve found things that you used to do one way that you do in a different way today, thats much more efficient that youll probably continue to do so. So, I hope that helps. There is really two parallel things that they will work -- that we work on. One is just a normal flex within the annual budget that every department has, the other is the permanent continuous improvement that everybody is also focused on. And you saw that second quarter last year when we changed our outlooks, because of the continuous improvement. This year, were holding onto our outlooks because of flex. Does that make sense?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And thats the offset, potentially the impact next year too?
Leo Denault: Yes, yes. But, I would say, impact next year, depending on what it is, whether it is weather, whatever, it would be a flex sort of thing, we were just talking about SERI. Thatd be more of a continuous improvement sort of thing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. Thanks for the clarity.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: I was just wondering if you could speak a little bit more on the 90% of CapEx not dependent on customer growth. And is this kind of like a shift in planning and strategy or is it kind of just more reflective of current system investment levels that are needed?
Leo Denault: Thats a great question, Jeremy. Its consistent with the capital plan that weve had for the last 10 years. And I felt like it was necessary to add a metric that keeps that top of mind with everybody, because I believe thats important about our plan. If you think about what were doing in the generation space and what weve been doing for over a decade, we are replacing 50-year old generation with brand new generation. The heat rate is lower that it creates a significant production cost improvement at pace for the plant, emissions are 40% lower than the -- they use less water. All those things are good about new plants. And so, what weve been doing over the years is adding new generation and then subsequently retiring old generation. So, its meeting the needs of the system with new stuff rather than old stuff. Same things goes with the investments that weve had in the distribution system. So, if you think about AMI, were replacing old meters with new meters. Its not new customers. Although there are new customers that get a new meter, the majority of that program is driven by the technological improvement. Our distribution, automation strategy, our asset management strategy, all of those are really based on improving the level of service that our customers achieve by deploying capital that lowers costs or provides a service that was not available in the past. So, 90% of it has been and continues to be based on the fact that we need to modernize the system. Where the fact that we have customer growth has assisted us is that it has provided a lower rate path for everybody, as we expand the sales that we have on those assets that were using to modernize the system, which contributes to the fact that we have historically had either the lowest or second lowest rates in United States. So, I just felt like it was necessary, given the impact that COVID has had on the economy and sales that we point out that the capital plan is still there to modernize the system, and COVID hasnt changed the need for us to modernize the system. If anything, its actually enhanced the need for us to modernize the system, particularly at the distribution level. And so, while 90% of whats in there today is based on technological improvement, if there is a lot in the wings for more technological improvement that we can do to the extent we find the headroom to do it. I hope that helps answer your question.
Jeremy Tonet: That was very helpful. Thank you for that. One more if I could. Just wondering if you could talk a bit on how your position in MISO impacts Entergys renewable planning. And do you see opportunities here changing over the next five years from MISO level planning and changes?
Leo Denault: Well, we do our resource planning obviously in conjunction with the resource adequacy that we need for MISO but our resource planning is done at state level. So, the resource plans that we have in the type generation we need incorporates our participation in MISO. But, its not -- MISO is not driving what resources we pick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: One very brief clarification on the SERI, because of this change youre going to make to the uncertain tax position. Does that cause the earnings impact to occur kind of temporarily until you get the final decision?
Drew Marsh: No, there shouldnt be any real earnings impact associated with that, other than the fact that we did have an expectation that we would be successful, which would have reduced future rate base and subsequent earnings. But, I dont -- thats not what were referring to when were talking about maintaining our expectations. It would have to come through other means.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Just the FRPs, the extensions, I think Louisiana, you filed and then, are you doing Arkansas?
Drew Marsh: Yes, both jurisdiction...
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Just how much do we need to kind of worry about these as more like normal rate cases as opposed to these like annual reviews, like can you just explain the issues in the multi-year extensions versus the annual?
Drew Marsh: I think, the primary question on the renewals is, has the FRP accomplished the objectives that we set out five years ago in Arkansas and three years ago in Louisiana. And, when you think about how weve shaped the capital plan and weve disclosed to our regulators what our plans were, then the question becomes, can we achieve the objectives, and youve heard it before, Steve, around reliability, sustainability, affordable, low-cost competitive rates, can we achieve that given the capital plan for customers? And, if the answer to that question is yes and as we laid out in our and our a renewal filings, the answer is yes, in our view. Then theyll -- we expect that they as well as the other stakeholders will agree that it makes sense to keep it going. Its not a -- it hasnt been viewed, as weve discussed with the stakeholders as a full blown rate case where we are reviewing what we spend a year going through the traditional backwards looking base rate case. So, thats not the expectation. But, of course the regulator has the ability to weigh in on whatever component that they wish. But, we believe the interests are aligned. We think the way that the FRPs have worked historically have been consistent with what we represented five years ago in Arkansas. And, as you know, this is a series of three-year renewals in Louisiana. And again, given the shape of the capital plan, were going beyond just a renewal of FRP in Louisiana. For instance, recognizing as Leo laid out, we have -- were shaping the capital plan with more distribution investment. For instance, as part of that asset renewal, thats going to show up in what we are asking the jurisdiction in Louisiana to consider with a distribution rider. And so, its those type of policy considerations that were going through with our stakeholders and not as much a rate case review, if thats helpful.
Leo Denault: Yes. Steve, Rod mentioned that we -- to look at how it works in Louisiana, you just look back to the last renewal and the renewal before that and renewal before that and the renewal before that. This is obviously the first time that weve done it in Arkansas, but its been pretty clear that Arkansas formula rate plan has worked exactly the way it was intended to work with the combination -- all you have to do is look at something like a year like 2018, where we ended up with a year that worked out differently because of tax reform than we thought it was going to, and then we ended up earning our allowed rate of return and we refunded dollars to customers in the next formula rate plan filing that went through. So, thats worked really, really well for customers as well. So, Louisiana, obviously, we have a long history of renewals. This will be the first one in Arkansas. But, it appears to be working exactly the way it was intended by all the parties.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Seaport Global.
Angie Storozynski: So, I wanted to go back to SERI. So, I appreciate your classification of the downside case here, respecting to $0.20 and your ability to offset that potential earnings drag. But, it seems like thats just potentially half of the impact. Right? Because there is a separate proceeding regarding the ROE and probably equity ratio for the asset, and I see that the ALJ recommendation is expected only in February of next year. But, if you could just explain how -- Im assuming that there is some negotiations on that front. We have the MISO ROE decision from FERC. We had some adjustments, at least proposed adjustment to the calculation mechanism for the ROE and how that could impact the earnings power of Grand Gulf?
Drew Marsh: So, this is Drew. And weve had, Angie, an expectation for ROE and capital structure baked in for three years or so, at this point. And our expectations -- and those are in our outlooks, based on the outcome of this proceeding. And at this point we dont see any reason to change those, based on how the proceedings have moved to-date. And even if those outlooks werent met, from an ROE and capital structure perspective, we dont think that the -- whatever that delta would be, is something that we couldnt manage within our current expectations.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Even if there were those overlapping impacts, right, with the reduction of the rate base and reduction of the ROE and the reduction in the equity layer?
Drew Marsh: Thats correct. Yes.
Leo Denault: He was saying that we already reserved on the...
Drew Marsh: Weve already -- we have an expectation for that based in our outlooks. We dont want -- we dont usually talk about that, because were still in the preceding. But, were comfortable with where that is in our outlooks right now.
Angie Storozynski: Great. And just one follow-up. So, what should we expect then going into your Analyst Day? I mean, do you plan on making any announcements, for instance regarding more renewable power spending or is this just an additional cost cutting initiative? Again, I mean, just big picture expectations going into the Analyst Day?
Leo Denault: Yes. I think, big picture, Angie, what well be talking about is being able to give a little bit more color on how we operate and what were doing and whats in the capital plan, and how were thinking about it. The capital plan is pretty certain where it is. As you know, there is a large mix of renewables in our future as it is, as weve stated before, between 22 and 30. We anticipate a lot of renewables. We got the RFPs that weve been involved in, the construction -- the projects that are up and running, the ones that are under construction. So, I think the capital plan is in pretty good shape. We may get more details about that and talk about whats in our future, particularly as we spend time on the customer solution side of things. But, really a little more depth on things like whats in the capital plan? Whats in our path to lower emissions, whats in our customer solution space, whats in the distribution space, how are we operationalizing continuous improvement? Things like that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp from KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: So, I wanted to go back to maybe a little bit to the volumes picture. And just looking at the breakdown by the class, it seems like the industrial is doing pretty well here. Its barely down year-over-year in the weather-adjusted basis. And commercial understandably is suffering a little more and the residential is up, and I think well get that. My question is, I guess, could you help us a little more in the sense whats going on in the ground right now? Is this a trend we should just expect to continue the same way? And if the -- given this shift in the mix, if the sensitivities to this changes that we had pre-COVID to hold in this new environment?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, Sophie, the industrial piece in particular that you noted, we were expecting pretty solid growth this year, at the outset, in the 5% to 6% range for industrial. So, the fact that its 1% down is a pretty big drop relative -- even though year-over-year its 1% down, we were expecting it to be 5%-6% up. And on the balance of the year, I would say that we expect the residential to trend -- start to trend down as people return to work in different places than their home. And wed expect the commercial and governmental to slowly begin to trend up and industrial to hopefully begin to improve. And thats all I think consistent with where we lined out our expectations in May. And so, I think that we are continuing to expect to the phase reopening to support slow but steady improvement in these numbers.
Sophie Karp: And then, lastly, maybe if you could give us a little bit of a sneak-peak into your Analyst Day. Things seem to go on track for the most part for your company. What topics or what areas do you plan to give us an update on?
Leo Denault: As far as topics for the Analyst Day, probably just a little more depth and color around whats in the capital plan, our trend to lower emissions and as well as continuous improvement, structure and things like that will be subjects that well talk about. We dont want to talk too much about it today. We want you to tune in.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine from Citi. Your line is now open.
Ryan Levine: What projects are in your capital plan that are most sensitive to load outlook that was incorporated within that 10% that was that highlighted in the prepared remarks?
Leo Denault: There are probably a smattering -- obviously there is new customer hookups are the big piece of it in the distribution of the transmission space. So, for example, if you had a major industrial customer that was located in your service territory, the substations for them can be pretty significant. So, youd have to build them a substation. And then, we just have general line extension to our distribution business every day, when a new house is built or something like that. So, some of the transmission infrastructure could be put in that bucket as well, to the extent that we need to put -- build transmission infrastructure into an area because of either prior load growth or new load growth. But, its really more in the -- getting to that last mile.
Ryan Levine: Thanks. And then, in terms of the industrial load assumption in your guidance, what are your conversations with customers suggesting for that outlook and are there any big lumpy customers that you have color as to their plans or timing upon some of that industrial load can return throughout the remaining portion of the year?
Rod West: Hey Ryan, its Rod. I know, well talk more in detail about the nuances of our industrial engagement perhaps at the Analyst Day. But, part of our confidence comes from -- in our growth observations comes from the fact that were actually talking to real customers and we can quantify and identify the existing projects. And so, what were paying attention to at the moment are not just sort of the macroeconomic commodity spreads and other indicators, were talking to those companies whove made final investment decisions. And whether they have delayed projects or ramping back up, we can point to specific companies and tie them to specific projects that are in our outlook. And as weve shared before, we probability weight, not just the projects in the plan, but there are other projects that make up our economic development type of pipeline and that are -- that were also monitoring to determine whether or not we need to include those or exclude those as the case may be in the plan. Weve not seen much movement in our existing plan with regard to projects that weve identified that for instance that were canceled. There might have been one or two here and there, but they were on the lower end of the spectrum in terms of impact. But, our confidence comes from the fact that were tying them to actual project that is still in play.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: I just want to quickly clarify, Drew, the $0.15 to $0.20. Im trying to reconcile that to the slide 26 where you show the rate base exposure. Am I right in thinking about the $0.15 to $0.20 is essentially you sort of in a worst case scenario, losing the return on that 400 -- north of $400 million rate base? It is that the right way to think about it or am I comparing apples and oranges?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, the $400 million plus the $100 million of interest that is part of the refund, because they are saying that we owe the money. And its not actually really rate base. Its refund. So, the rate base doesnt really change in that regard. It would only change if we were successful in our outcome with the IRS, because that would be a deferred tax and the rate base would go down, the net rate base would go down. So, really what were talking about is the $510 million that you see there. That total amount is the requested refund. And so, weve had to finance that. And then, the lease payments that are about the $17 million a year on an ongoing basis.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, Im showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to David Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Gigi, and thank you to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 10th and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergys Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant Company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in listen only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Borde: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person to ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our Web site. I would also point out that our initial earnings release this morning contained a clerical error relating to the March 31, 2020 balance sheet and we have since posted a corrected version of the release on our Web site. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you all joining our call today and I hope that you and your families are well. The past few months have presented extraordinary circumstances that have been difficult for everyone around the world, so many have stepped up to the plate to help people, communities and our country in this time of need and we truly appreciate all of their efforts. Providing safe and reliable power is essential, especially during times like these. That's why at Entergy, we plan and prepare for extraordinary events. Our robust, comprehensive, tried and tested incident response plan contemplates many, including storms, cyber attacks, emergency leadership succession and pandemics. To ensure preparedness, we run drills routinely so that everyone knows their roles and responsibilities and when activated the plan runs smoothly. In 2007, we developed our pandemic response plan, specifically to address events like the one we are facing today. For COVID-19, we mobilized our teams on January 16th very early on. Our focus has been on four primary objectives, ensuring the safety and wellness of our employees, maintaining safe reliable service for our customers, mitigating financial impacts and ensuring our ability to continue to plan for the future. Informed by lessons learned from the events, not only challenges to normal operations but also improvements that can be made. Our response is working as designed. We are meeting the needs and expectations of our customers and communities. Our major projects remain on track and our capital plan is unchanged. The actions of our employees in the midst of this pandemic have been exemplary. They have shown once again their dedication and resilience to work through hurdles to safely keep the power and gas flowing for our customers. I cannot express how proud I am of our Entergy family. Entergy has a critical role to play and this is the time that we must step forward not back. Our customers and communities are depending on us more than ever to power their homes as many work remotely, or have responsibilities to care for children and loved ones at home. Businesses like grocery stores and pharmacies require reliable power to continue to operate and address essential needs, and our healthcare workers are relying on us to keep hospitals, clinics and care facilities powered. In short, the services we provide are vital to helping our customers, our communities, our families and our neighbors, successfully manage this crisis. It's a great responsibility that we do not take lightly. Our capital investment plan is also a critical component for our economy and our communities. Our plan is designed to benefit our customers, while also creating jobs and stimulating the economies in the states where we operate. We have taken specific actions for each of our stakeholders. For employees still working at plants and in the field, we've implemented preventative measures, so they can focus on safety on and off the job. We're suspending disconnects for customers, which is important in times where many may not have a steady income. We are talking with regulators about the importance of keeping our capital plan on track to preserve the reliability and the economic benefits for our customers and our communities. And we're talking to our largest customers to understand the issues they face and to determine how we can support them. Our supply chain team is working diligently with suppliers to ensure, we have what we need to keep our operations and major projects on track. We're working with regulators to support timely resolution of both special and routine matters. We have received accounting orders to defer costs associated with COVID-19 in four of our jurisdictions, and we expect to receive a similar order for Entergy New Orleans in the near future. We're grateful for the leadership and partnership that our commissions have demonstrated. We are also supporting our communities through a COVID-19 Response Fund. Our charitable foundation, employees and executive team, have already committed more than $1.3 million to help community nonprofits and qualifying customers, who are struggling with the financial impact of the pandemic. Looking ahead, uncertainty remains as to the depth and length of this pandemic. But today, we are affirming our guidance and outlooks as we see a path to achieve those results. The foundation that supports the strength and sustainability of our business remains in place. We have among the lowest retail rates in the country. Our capital plan benefits our customers and our local economies. We have constructive and progressive regulatory mechanisms. We are a leader in critical measures of sustainability. We have one of the cleanest, large scale generation fleets. And while we have seen some recent slow down in industrial activity, our industrial base is among the most economically advantaged in the world, and we expect they will lead the recovery in their respective industries. The foundation that we've established over time remains firm and we are committed to our objectives and our resolve to be the premier utility. This is what makes Entergy a compelling long term investment. In April, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend as planned. As part of that decision, the board considered our response to the current situation, scenario analysis regarding future uncertainty and the strength of our business going forward. We are committed to creating sustainable value for all of our stakeholders, including our owners, and the dividend declaration is consistent with that objective. Now I'll turn to our strategic execution. Today, we're reporting solid first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.14. And while the pandemic has affected the way we do business, it hasn't stopped us from making progress against our key deliverables. We place Lake Charles Power Station in service in March, well ahead of schedule and on budget. This new resource is another milestone in our portfolio transformation strategy to replace older generation with cleaner, more efficient assets and it will provide important benefits to our customers. We've also made good progress at New Orleans Power Station. Commissioning of the plant is in progress and we recently synchronized the units to the grid for the first time. We expect that project to come online in June. Our other major generation projects remain on track. We are not experiencing any significant equipment or staffing issues. This is a testament to the experience of our capital projects management team and the strength of our relationships with our suppliers and contractors. We continue to deploy automated meters as planned. Were more than one third of the way through our AMI project with 1.3 million meters installed. We are leveraging the data from these meters to understand changes in usage among our various customer segments. In April, we received approval for Sunflower Solar in Mississippi, and Searcy Solar in Arkansas. These 100 megawatt resources will be the largest utility on solar projects in their states. Large scale solar facilities provide the most cost effective solar power for all customers, keeping rates low while delivering the best value for renewables. Both facilities are expected to be in service in 2021. As part of our firm commitment to provide our customers with greater renewable power options, we expect to meet even more of our supply planning needs with renewables as technology and economics continue to improve. Since our last earnings call, we announced two new requests for proposals for generation assets. Entergy Texas is seeking proposals for 1,000 to 1,200 megawatt combined cycle gas turbine in mid-2025 to mid-2026. Entergy Texas will include a self build option and submissions are due in August. Entergy Louisiana is seeking 250 megawatts of new build solar resources. The RFP will accept proposals for owned and contracted projects with targeting service dates of no later than the end of 2023. We continue to implement rate changes through our formula rate plans and riders. New rates recently were implemented in Mississippi and these included a new vegetation management rider. In Texas, we filed a new distribution rider. Entergy Louisiana plans to request renewal or extension of its formula rate plan and we will make our annual FRP filing in Arkansas this coming July. In April, we received an initial decision from the administrative law judge in one of system energies open dockets at FERC. I won't go through all the details. Feel free to call David if you need additional explanations. The bottom-line is that, we disagree with much of the initial decision, and we believe that it incorrectly seeks to resolve important policy issues that FERC ultimately must opine on. The actions we've taken create significant benefits for our retail customers, and we feel strongly that our positions on the law and the facts are correct. We will file our brief on exceptions in June asking FERC to reject the adverse rulings in the initial decision, and we look forward to the FERCs review. There is no mandated deadline for the commission's decision. At EWC, Indian Point Unit 2 was shut down on April 30th. This milestone brings us one step closer to fully exiting the merchant business. We remain committed to our employees and all qualified employees who are willing to relocate have been offered positions. We look forward to them starting the next phase of their careers with us. As you can see, it's already been a very active and productive start to the year. COVID-19 is a global pandemic that is affecting lives around the world. At Entergy, we activated our response plan early, which positions us well to face the challenges head on. We were prepared and we will remain diligent, focused and flexible to ensure we make the right decisions at the right times to mitigate the impacts as best we can. While uncertainty remains for all of us, we've made progress against our key strategic deliverables, while meeting the needs and expectations of our customers and communities in this critical time. Our major projects remain on track. Our capital plan is unchanged. And the foundation that supports the long-term strength of our business and makes Entergy a compelling investment remains in place. We are stepping forward, not back to be leaders in our communities at a time when they need us the most. Recent events have not changed our objectives to create sustainable value for our stakeholders or weakened our resolve to be the premier utility that can deliver on its commitments through economic cycles. Before I turn it over to Drew, I encourage you to read our recently released 2019 integrated report, Building The Premier Utility. The report outlines what we believe it takes to be the premier utility, and why we're well on our way. I'm also happy to confirm that we still plan to host an Analyst Day this year. Because the situation of COVID-19 continues to be fluid, the event will be virtual. We also plan to delay the event until later in the year, most likely in late October. We look forward to continuing our conversation with you about our strategy to continue to grow our business for the long-term. Stay tuned for more details. I'll now turn the call over to Drew, who will review our first quarter results as well as our outlook.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Similar to Leo's sentiment, I'd like to express my appreciation for all those helping the people and communities affected by COVID-19. The extraordinary efforts of so many are inspiring, that includes our employees who have quickly adapted to changing working conditions. They have once again risen to teh challenge as they have so many times in the past. I'll review the quarter results and then move to guidance and the longer-term outlook. But before I get to that, I want to highlight the bottom-line for Entergy. After solid first quarter, we are affirming our adjusted EPS guidance and outlook. We expect revenue to be $120 million to $140 million lower as a result of COVID-19. We are implementing $100 million of identified spending reductions for 2020. We received constructive regulatory accounting orders to defer COVID-19 costs. Our capital plan remains the same. Our liquidity remains strong. And we still do not see a need for equity until 2021. Those are the key takeaways. Our first quarter results were solid as stay at home orders did not begin till very late in the quarter. As you can see on Slide 8 on a per share basis, Entergy adjusted earnings were $1.14, $0.32 higher than first quarter 2019 due to increased earnings at the utility. On Slide 19, you'll see the primary drivers for the utility positive quarter were straightforward. We saw the positive effects of rate actions in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. O&M was lower as we took action to reduce spending in response to mild weather, which was apparent early in the quarter. And had favorable tax benefits, a portion of which was shared with our customers. You'll also see a higher effective tax rate in other, which partially offset this. Higher depreciation and interest expenses resulting from our continued growth also partially offset the increase as did the higher share count. On Slide 11, EWCs as reported loss was $0.55 compared to positive earnings of $0.50 a year ago. Losses on decommissioning trust investments and lower revenue, primarily due to the shutdown of Pilgrim were the main drivers. Partially offsetting the decline was lower O&M, lower impairment charges and a tax item recorded in first quarter 2019. Slide 12 shows nearly $160 million increase in operating cash flow. The main drivers were higher collections for fuel and purchase power costs, and a roughly $65 million reduction in the unprotected excess ADIT return to customers. The first quarter also benefited from higher nuclear insurance refunds and lower nuclear refueling outage spending at EWC. Unfavorable weather and higher pension contributions partially offset the increase. Now I'd like to talk about our 2020 guidance and our longer term outlook. On Slide 13, we are affirming our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.45 to $5.75, and our 2021 and 2022 outlook remains unchanged. We've laid out the path to achieve our results on Slide 14 so that you can better understand our current expectations. I'd like to give you some context. In 2020, we expect sales to be lower due to the unfavorable weather we experienced in the first quarter and the impact of COVID-19. On Slide 15, we develop a point of view on sales for the remainder of 2020 based on extensive discussions with our industrial and commercial customers and analysis of data available from our advanced meters. On a weather adjusted basis, we expect commercial and industrial sales to be lower than the original guidance assumption. Commercial sales are expected to have the largest decline at 9.5% for the full year. The most impacted are schools, restaurants, movie theaters and churches as stay at home orders have shuttered many of these institutions temporarily. Industrial sales are expected to be 7% lower and our refinery and fuel customers have been the most impacted. Although, refiners in our region have been less affected than in other parts of the country. This is partially offset by residential sales about 2% higher as usage per customer increases due to stay-at-home orders. As you can see, we expect second quarter to be the most impacted, assuming stay-at-home orders start to phase out in mid may to early June. We then expect slow improvements through the year as the economy recovers. We'll work to mitigate the impact of lost sales. This includes $100 million reduction in O&M spending for 2020 on Slide 16, that will not affect safety or reliability. We've already identified where we will achieve these savings. We are reducing employee expenses, reducing contractor and consulting work, prioritizing when vacancies are filled and adjusting the timing and scope of power generation outages. These are extraordinary times for our customers and communities, and extraordinary times demand extraordinary measures. While we are taking these one-time measures to compensate for the lower sales, we anticipate this year to continue to look for efficiencies in our business to drive long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Our work over the last few years to improve our regulatory frameworks also helps to further mitigate impacts, and we are utilizing efficient regulatory mechanisms available to us. We have formula rate plans in four of our five jurisdictions, and three have forward-looking features. These plants reset rates annually. In addition, two jurisdictions, Arkansas and Mississippi, have look back provisions to take into account under or over earnings from the previous year. And as Leo mentioned, we've received the county orders in Texas, Mississippi, Arkansas and Louisiana, for the deferral of costs resulting from COVID-19. We're aware that these are very difficult times for our customers and their families. Therefore, we are implementing new customer payment plans to help make bills more manageable. In addition, we are developing new tools, such as accelerating regulatory liabilities to reduce customer bills now versus in the future. We are also cognizant of the economic impact COVID-19 is having on our communities, and we're working to keep our capital plan on track, while using local workforces so that our customers and our communities can reap the benefits from those investments, such as economic stimulus and improved reliability. Looking ahead to 2021 and 2022, we expect some of the economic effects of COVID-19 to linger, and sales are projected to be slightly below what we previously planned. Our current regulatory mechanism will help and we will be ready to manage O&M as necessary. For industrial sales, our long-term expectations for growth remain largely intact. None of our plans, new or expansion projects have been canceled, although, a few have announced delays. Long-term forward commodity spreads remain supportive of key industries in our region. And while there is uncertainty around the COVID-19 recovery and future oil prices, our industrial base remains among the most economically advantaged in the world due to low cost feed stock, highly flexible, modern facilities, economies of scale, world-class infrastructure, a highly productive workforce, supportive communities and easy-to-access domestic and global markets. We expect they will lead recovery in their respective industries. This is our plan today. But obviously uncertainty remains for all of us as to the depth and length of the COVID-19 impact going forward. In the event things turn out differently, there would be a number of factors to consider. Near term, there is timing as the seasonality of sales could result in different outcomes, and we would look to O&M to help the extent possible without affecting safety and reliability. Longer term, regulatory processes would address revenue deficiencies overtime and we would look to continuous improvement to help offset customer impacts. Our liquidity position remains strong, as you can see on Slide 17, as of March 31st, our net liquidity, including storm reserves, was over $3.2 billion. We've had success accessing capital markets despite market volatility, and we've issued nearly $1.1 billion in new long term debt so far this year, all at the operating companies. This covers the operating company maturities and helps fund our capital plan. In addition, we have renewed the lines of credit at two of the operating companies, which also provides liquidity in times of need. We still plan to access the debt markets upon $450 million of parent bonds that mature later this year. Our credit metrics are outlined on Slide 18. Our parent debt to total debt is 22.2% and our FFO to debt is 14.3%. The FFO metric includes the effects of returning $236 million of unprotected excess ADITs to customers over the last 12 months. Excluding this give back and certain items related to our exit of EWC, the reported debt would have been 16%. While we remain committed to achieving FFO to debt at or above 15%, our customer support to offset COVID-19 impacts will push our timings to fourth quarter 2021. We've had conversations with the rating agencies on this, and they have publicly expressed their intent to take a long term view regarding COVID-19 impacts. Finally, we still do not see a need for equity until 2021. Another topic that may be on your mind is pension. As of March 31st, our pension asset balance was $5.4 billion and through April, this had improved to $5.7 billion. The March 31st pension asset balance is incorporated into our outlook. As we have stated, these are extraordinary times for everyone and we have a vital role to play to help our customers and our community successfully manage this crisis. We are well positioned to manage these challenges head on. At this time, although economic uncertainty remains, we have a path to achieve our financial objectives. And as Leo said, we will continue to monitor the economy and remain diligent, focused and flexible to mitigate impacts as best we can. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your question, please.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just a couple of questions here. So first thinking about the headwinds, you're calling out at this point the $100 million to $120 million. You mentioned some reliefs for COVID costs. Can you just speak specific what those costs are, how we should think about alternate recovery, how you can kind of defer them? And then thinking about the cost reductions you pulled today to offset the COVID impacts. Are these one time in nature or could we sort of think about them as being somewhat perpetual ongoing benefits? And I have a follow-up.
Drew Marsh: So I'll address the cost so far. So, I think there's kind of two buckets of costs that we're looking at, some of them are incident response costs and those include things like more PP&E, hand sanitizer, masks and things like that. There's also cleaning costs associated with that and then costs associated with moving people around and things like that. Those types of dollars at this point are fairly limited. We expect them for the year to be somewhere in the $15 million range and we've incurred less than half of that so far. We're anticipating as we get back to work, there will be more cleaning costs, for example and more PP&E that we have to provide over the course of the year. The other bucket of costs is related to potential bad debt expense. And that is, we haven't incurred anything of that nature to-date and we probably won't for awhile, but those costs we would expect to incur as well. In terms of the magnitude of that, historically, we've seen about $25 million of bad debt expense. And we have in past experiences like 2008, 2009 financial crisis or Katrina, Rita, that kind of environment, we've seen anywhere from $10 million to $20 million of incremental bad debt expense in a year. Of course this could be a little bit worse than that, and we're working hard to make sure that we mitigate that. Leo mentioned new payments plans, working to make sure that our customers have access to funds and information on how to access the paycheck protection program. And as I also mentioned in my remarks, we're trying to accelerate some future regulatory liability payments due today to try and mitigate some of those impacts on customer bills. So, all of that plays into trying to make sure that customer bills are as low as possible to mitigate what the bad debt expense might ultimately be as well.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just last question, you guys always have some really good insight into your customer trends. How much growth do you see being deferred from '20? The new assumptions call it '21 and beyond this potential economic impact of the headwind. Are you quantifying '21 versus just being slightly lower? And assuming this backdrop is more protracted versus kind of your own internal planning assumptions. Do you have these incremental levers like today's cost cuts to mitigate or could that start to pressure your growth guide maybe through CapEx deferrals and they become secondary in nature? I mean it sounded like from Leo's comments you guys are very confident around the plan. So, I just want to under the assumption this is more protracted. Do you see any kind of concerns around growth CapEx 5% to 7%, or you have enough leverage at your disposal I guess?
Drew Marsh: There was a lot in that. I will start with the customer trends seen and then talk about O&M, and then finish with CapEx. So on the customer trends piece, the expectation in our outlook right now is that our sales will be about 1% below what we were planning in '21 and '22. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty associated with that. So, we are also running scenarios to think about what it might be if it's something lower than that. Once we get out a couple of years, we should have gone through regulatory processes and each jurisdiction and that should help us. But at the same time, we are also working on, okay, so what other O&M management tools might we have at our disposal to work our way through that. The further we get out, the more sustainable we really need these cost changes to be unlike this year. This year as we mentioned there's a lot of onetime items and we're trying to look for additional continuous improvement and O&M category that is more sustainable. But we'll really need to rely on our skills to develop that, those opportunities as we go forward to manage that a little bit more. There will always be one time levers within a given years that we have, but we will, on a long term basis, well want to rely on continuous improvement. And then finally, in regards to growth CapEx, we currently don't have any plans to change our growth capital or our capital at all for that matter. We think it's important for our communities and our customers for us to continue to make those investments. We think we have the capacity and liquidity to do that, there's no concerns there. If for some reason it was lower for longer from a sales perspective, it might start to shift around the nature of that capital. So for example, if we no longer needed some transmission capital to meet NERC reliability standards, there maybe other capital that we think would be very important for our customers in the distribution space. So, there's a lot of levers still to manage things going forward but hopefully that answers all the nuances of your one question.
Leo Denault: Yes, this is Leo . I just want to add from the standpoint of pulling the levers. The process that we're utilizing right now, while it's kind of accelerate a little bit is same process we were using last year, for example, to flex up and down. So, the process had actually, as you noticed in the first quarter, the process had already begun, because we knew we were going to be challenged by a traditional headwind, which was weather in the first quarter. So those processes year-on-year are going to be the same ones that we have kind of developed as part of the culture and the DNA of the company and just the planning process. And the continuous improvement that we mentioned is something that we were working through as well and obviously, we'll even find some continuous improvement I think out of response to the event that will help us going forward. And then I just wanted to really jump in on the capital plan. And obviously, the capital plan is a major reliability improvement to our customers is what it's been about. And with 90% of this, greater than 90% of the capital plan, all being about a technological improvement and reliability in the service level that we provide our customers, whether it's through AMI or even replacing old generation with new gas fired generation of renewables that we're adding to the footprint. So all of it is customer enhancing. And as Drew mentioned and as we've talked about before, we have a significant amount of opportunity within the distribution and customer solutions space that could step up and take place in any, for example, transmission investment that that might get shifted around. But an important aspect of where we sit today and this has been the extent of the dialog that we've had with the states, whether itd be at the administration level or at the regulatory level. The biggest problem that the United States has at the moment is unemployment in addition outside of obviously the virus. And we are in a position to step forward with the capital plan and to make sure that we keep people working. And I'm just going to give you a couple of statistics that might be useful for you to think about. During the storms that we had over Easter weekend in Arkansas, we obviously had to restore power and that was a pretty significant event. But as we restored power, we had about 2,000 people in Arkansas staying in hotel rooms that otherwise they wouldn't have stayed and eating meals otherwise wouldn't have been eating. So there was an effective 13,000 nights in hotel rooms that occurred only because Entergy was there. There was an effective 40,000 meals that were served only because Entergy was there. That is the kind of economic impact that we have, not just on the people we hire whether itd be our employees or our contractors. But as we go into the community and there's those multiplier effects that we talk about quite often that are significant that usually are put up thereby an economist at LSU or something like that. But these are real people serving real meals to our employees that were probably working that week, but not the week before or the week after. So, the capital plan is important for more than just improving the reliability of the system and the service level that we provide our customers. It's important to those communities as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your question please.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just wanted to follow-up on the last set of questions really, and I'll throw in a quick follow-up but starting with last one. How do you think about your FRPs across the various states in those rate caps against the need to ensure earning as you return and at the same time recognizing the consistency commitment to invest capital. I imagine, obviously Twin Goals, it seems like youve had a little bit more latitude than you had historically in those annual filing, first off. And then the second one is just, if you can quantify the potential impact of that SERI decision from the ALJ, that's the first one.
Roderick West: I'll start on the FRPs and perhaps Drew will follow up. In Louisiana and Arkansas, Mississippi and New Orleans, we've just mentioned that four of our five jurisdictions had FRPs in effect, where those FRPs are working as designed. And to the extent that the COVID costs might operate beyond the FRPs, we have the accounting orders that we just referenced. We're seeking to renew the FRPs in Louisiana and Arkansas, and Mississippi. We don't have a sunset provision. But those FRPs are working as designed to address many of the changes in sales as we are forecasting. So from an FRP perspective, the efficient recovery mechanisms we have in each of the states is giving us the relative confidence we have around what we're forecasting. And it's incorporating the various puts and takes with O&M and projected sales. So, its working as design. Its certainly part of the case were making to renew them in Arkansas and Louisiana. So from that vantage point, we think the FRPs are working as well.
Drew Marsh: And I'll just add, you asked about the rate path. Our expectation for the rate path is that we would still be at or below inflation. Now, you have to take into account the excess ADIT that we have been given back last year, if you lead off of 2019 but it's still a very low growth rate for our rates and our bill path. And then you asked about ROEs. As Leo was talking about, we have an important role to play in the community right now in terms of putting capital to work to not only benefit our customers, but also to drive economic activity. And in order to do that, we have to make sure that we maintain adequate credit and liquidity, and our retail regulars know that we've been in conversations with him about that. And so they were also committed to make sure that we have the credit and liquidity we need to do the things that are required to support our customers and our communities. So I think that will help address some of the ROE question as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JP Morgan. Your question please.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off, I guess what you guys are seeing across your footprint right now in your different jurisdictions, you start to see certain areas start to open up. And just wondering, kind of maybe more real time like what type of trends are you seeing from your larger customers ramping up, and what kind of line of sight have you gleaned from that that kind of informs your guidance here?
Roderick West: I think in the -- across the customer segments, we alluded to it earlier. Certainly, in the residential segment. The stay at home orders have certainly driven the expected experience of high usage per customer in that segment. A lot of variability across the commercial customer segments, as Drew alluded to, where we saw in schools and restaurants, movie theaters and churches, experiencing the brunt of the near-term demand erosion. In the industrial sector, we've been in constant communication aside from the AMI data that we're tracking on a day-to-day basis. We've been in constant communication with those larger industrial customers around their respective outlooks, and were paying as much attention to the various components of their value chain as perhaps they might. And they've given us relative comfort that the data we're receiving from AMI is supportive of our point of view that approximately 10% demand erosion that we're experiencing in the last several weeks is likely to be stable until such time as the economy recovers. Certainly, in the refining and primary metals segment, we expected those segments to be harder hit and driving some of the downturn, and that's played out in a way that we expected. And I say that with all of the uncertainly that still remains around the timing of the economic recovery relative to our ability to get testing and tracing and things of that nature. And so, the engagement in addition to the AMI data, the engagement with customers has really reinforced what we're seeing. And certainly, it plays out differently from state-to-state. But the significant presence of our industrial base in Louisiana and Texas, and that's where we've seen the lion share of volatility within that 10% range.
Jeremy Tonet: And then maybe just picking up on that last point, for the longer-term for the industrial petchem load. It seems like the Brent and Henry Hub spread been a proxy for NAPTA ethane spread has been a key determinant of the U.S. Gulf Coast competitive advantage across global cost curve given the favorable feedstock there. Do you worry that the dynamic of a tighter crude oil to nat gas spread narrows as competitive advantage and kind of adversely impacts future load growth versus prior expectations?
Drew Marsh: So we are closely monitoring that spread, that's one of the ones that we pay close attention to as well for the very reason that you mentioned. And obviously near-term that spread is not as healthy as it has been historically, but we do expect it to return to where it was and continue to provide economic advantage for our Gulf Coast industrial customers going forward. And we do see those spreads and others like them being healthy if you look out on a long-term basis. But we recognize the near-term they're a little bit more challenged. It does not change some of the other advantages that we do have that I listed off in my remarks, but that is one that we are paying close attention to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Steven Byrd: Most of my questions have been addressed. I just wanted to go into tax in a little more detail. I think the change in guidance in terms of the tax is about a net improvement of around $0.18 a share. And I wonder if you could just give a little color around what the changes were? I guess I see IRS settlement and stock-based comp. Could you sort of explain what the changes were in a little more detail?
Drew Marsh: The main one is the IRS settlement, which we completed in the quarter. That settlement had to do with securitization costs for several years ago. And while there is a tax benefit on the tax line, much of that is offset in the revenue through customer give backs, and that is net about $0.05 only. The other stuff is like the stock-based compensation that's just annual true ups that occur each year, whenever stock vests and we true up from a tax perspective. There is no true up from a GAAP perspective, that's why there's a difference there.
Steven Byrd: And I understand the expectation is now for an 18% effective income tax rate this year. Longer-term, approximately where do you see your effective income tax rate being? Just so we're trying to think through your longer term earnings power properly.
Drew Marsh: It's similar to where we had it previously around the 22% range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Jonathan Arnold from Vertical Research Partners. Your question, please.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick question, previously you said you thought that equity from 2021 would be on the order of 5% to 10% of utility investments. But with some of this if you're going to accelerate some of these regulatory liabilities and maybe have a cash impact. Is that still a good number or should we be thinking about re-calibrating that that scale once we get off the 2020?
Drew Marsh: I think that's still a good number. We're very careful about the way that we are moving liabilities forward. They are either increasing rate base, because they are coming out or we are discounting them to make sure that we are economically neutral, such that we have more cash flow in the future. So, that's the -- either way we should have the financing headroom to move some of those liabilities forward. It's going to -- those kinds of choices will impact the current year's FFO to debt ratio, but there should be a little bit better headroom in that ratio going forward as a result.
Jonathan Arnold: And then you mentioned, Drew, wanting to keep the rate path below inflation. Have your views of inflation as you make in the plan changed. And can you share a bit of what your number is that you're using for longer term inflation?
Drew Marsh: That's an excellent question, Jonathan. I wish I knew what inflation was going to be. We use 2% as a rule of thumb for that kind of the benchmark that we look at adding $3 trillion of fiscal stimulus. We don't really know what that will do for inflation.
Jonathan Arnold: And then I think that was -- and just one thing, I was trying to reconcile the Slide 15 on retail sales, which I think that shows what you're expecting industrial to be down 7% for the year and then Slide 41 has 1.5% number on industrial. Is that just a typo or is a different basis of what are you telling us that?
Drew Marsh: Yes, therere two different bases. The one on Slide 15 is versus our original guidance. And as you will recall, we were planning to be up about 6%, or 5.5% to 6%, 6.5, I can't remember the exact number. And you subtract that with 7% you get into the...
Jonathan Arnold: I got it. So the guidance had the optic and that's it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe. Your question please.
Steve Fleishman: Just wanted to re-ask the question that was asked earlier about the CRE decision on ALJ. And if that were finalized even though you don't think it will be, what the impact would be?
Drew Marsh: This is Drew. And thanks Steve for picking that up. We didn't quite get to it on Julien's question. So we appreciate you re-asking it. The impact is laid out in the queue, as Leo mentioned, there are a lot of details. There's two components to the ruling that came through associated with lease payments and uncertain tax positions and the amounts are in there. The lease payments is a little bit unclear, because the calculation from the ALJ wasn't provided specifically. So we don't -- the bottom line is, we don't think there will be a very large impact there. The larger one is the uncertain tax positions. And as the ALJ laid it out, if you include the refund and the interest, it looks like it's close to about $600 million. As Leo mentioned, we believe that, we have the right policy perspectives and that the ALJ's ruling is interim and the FERC is the one that would drive policy decisions. And we would also note that in that calculation even though the ALJ wrote about it, the ALJ did not include offsets that are included, that you might include in there like interest that we've been paying to the IRS for the position overtime. And that would reduce that $600 million down to a little less than, or probably a little bit more than half of what the ALJ put out. And of course the overall impact of that would basically be the financing costs of whatever that number would ultimately be.
Steve Fleishman: So that would be obviously a onetime refund, just is there any, aside from financing that as a risk. Would there be any other ongoing earnings impact or just the one time
Drew Marsh: Well, the lease payments, they indicated that the lease payment would not be able to continue, that's what the ALJ wrote, which is about $17 million a year. And then of course the onetime would be a change in our rate base on an ongoing basis for deferred tax positions. So, we'd have that as well.
Steve Fleishman: One other question. Just you probably said this but maybe I'm still just not clear on it. Just in terms of the base assumptions you're using for your kind of sales forecast now. How would we track progress or reopening soon and then slow recovery, and that's kind of how to think about kind of the base economic you are using
Roderick West: The base assumption is that sometime in the early summer, that is later in this month into June, we'll begin to see a change in the stay-at-home orders and that dynamic will begin the upswing in the economy. The outlook through 2020, particularly from an industrial growth perspective is essentially that that 10% reduction in industrial demand that's driving the overall growth for the utility would then begin to see a slower uptick. And then as Drew laid out in '21 and '22, we expect the drivers of our growth to still be driven by industrials as the commercial and residential sort of normalizes to our pre-COVID point of view.
Leo Denault: And Steve, I'll just add that the timing of all that matters a lot. So if the current economic environment lingers through the summer and there people are more at home than what we're planning, because they're not working that could be a sales improvement for us, because of the higher residential load that we typically experience in the summer time. So, if it were to linger all the way through the end of the year of course the summer would end then it would fall back into what we kind of expecting on the second quarter, which would not be as positive but the timing of it does matter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Michael Lapides: Real quickly the O&M savings the $100 million. Do you expect that to be kind of a permanent savings level, or do you expect to all of that to come back and we should embed in 21 or 22 forecasts?
Drew Marsh: We're currently considering that to be one time savings.
Michael Lapides: So if O&M that will go away, but effectively it would come back in future years maybe not all in 2021 but overtime. So not leading to a permanent kind of O&M reduction?
Drew Marsh: Yes, it's not permanent. The timing of it, some of it depends. We're already working to offset, because some of it is deferrals to 2021. So, we're working to even offset those in 2021 in our forecast. But I would say that they're just one time and they don't really relate to future periods at this point.
Michael Lapides: And can you remind us your multiyear EPS forecast. What is assumed for kind of an O&M growth rate off of 2019?
Drew Marsh: We were saying that we were going to come in at about $2.65 billion for utility in parent O&M and that we're going to keep that flat.
Michael Lapides : And then last thing on EWC. Can you remind me do you expect the EWC to send cash up to the parent or need cash infusions from the parent over the next couple of years?
Drew Marsh: We have said that we expected to be net cash positive to the parent not by a lot but by a little. And as we get closer to the end, it's trending to zero because we're very much close to the end of EWC. But right now, it's still net cash positive to the parent.
Michael Lapides: And then I'll sneak one last one, the RFP for new gas generation in Texas. Just curious does the change in the outlook for demand change the need for the size and scale of that unit?
Leo Denault: At this point in time no. As you recall, Michael, the new generation is typically replacing older generation with a much more efficient lower cost, more environmentally sound unit. So, this is all part of that portfolio transformation strategy that we've had where the net adds to our capacity are relatively small compared to the amount of generation that we're at. I think actually within the next year, we may tear down three old plants and we're deactivating units as well. And up till this past year when we put couple of new units in service, we were pretty well as many megawatts that we added that's what we were deactivating. So it's not -- as I mentioned earlier, when you look at the capital plan, over 90% of the capital plan is driven by this improvement in the level of service through a technological overhaul across all four functions that we invest in, whether it's generation, transmission, distribution or customer solutions and that is going to continue. And as Drew mentioned, to the extent some of our reliability investment in transmission is kind of like Lake Charles project was a couple of years ago, after the fact beefing up the system to serve load that had already been there to the extent that that might change where we've got a whole host of distribution and customer solutions opportunities that could take its place, a lot of which actually drive down the cost while they improve the level of service for customers. So, they're a good a good option for us to make. So, I know it's a bit of a long answer to your question, Michael. But keep in mind, 90 plus percent of the capital plan is driven by that reliability improvement, technological improvement across the system and benefiting customers. And then obviously in the near-term, we're overlaying on that fact that there's lot of jobs created by the work we do. And if there's one thing everybody can agree on, more people need to be working today rather than fewer.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from the line of Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Your question please.
Sophie Karp: Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe I could just quickly follow-up on Indian Point, just checking if there are any disruptions in the process that you're going through from the wide shutdowns in New York State? Thank you.
Roderick West: For Indian Point, no change. Indian Point 2 shutdown, as Leo mentioned on April 30th and it's currently being refueled. As far as the processes around the sale of Indian Point those were initially slightly delayed but we still have plenty of time which we don't expect to close on that transaction until about this time next year. So, we have plenty of time to continue to work through the processes in New York and at the NRC. And we still believe that the interest in New York are aligned with ours, looking for a way to expeditiously decommission Indian Point is the goal and working with Holtec to make that happen. We believe this continues to be the best option. So, no real changes at Indian Point at this point.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to David Borde for any further remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Jonathan, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on form 10-Q is due to the SEC today and provide more details and disclosures about our statements. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergy's investor relations Web site, called regulatory and other information, which provides key updates and regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information maybe considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release and Teleconference. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Borde: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions]. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.  Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website.  And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting strong results for another very successful year. Our adjusted earnings per share is $5.40, in the top half of the guidance range that we raised last quarter. Our financial results, combined with our operational achievements, once again show that we deliver on what we set out to do. Everything we accomplished in 2019 also reinforces our confidence in our continued success into the future.  This past year, we saw solid achievements in all aspects of our Utility business. In power generation, we placed into service 2 clean, efficient and modern CCGTs totaling 1,800 megawatts. In Louisiana, the St. Charles Power Station came online in May, affirming our track record of completing major generation projects on time and on budget and sometimes better. And a few months later, Entergy Mississippi purchased the Choctaw Generating Station. These resources are part of our portfolio transformation strategy to replace older generation with cleaner, more efficient assets. They improve system reliability, reduce costs for our customers and produce significantly fewer emissions, further advancing our sustainability goals.  Renewable energy is another key component of our portfolio transformation. We currently have close to 400 megawatts of renewable capacity that are in operation and nearly 2,000 megawatts of additional renewable projects in various stages of development. About half of those are specific projects that we've already discussed with you. The other half are potential new projects we are currently evaluating, and we will share more details with you at the right time. We are committed to providing our customers with renewable power options. And as technology and economics continue to improve, we expect to meet even more of our supply planning needs with renewables.  Also in generation, we recently commissioned a 7.4-megawatt battery at our Perryville Station in Louisiana. This is an innovative application of battery technology that will allow Entergy Louisiana to start a 150-megawatt combustion turbine without grid power, and it will support grid reliability and resiliency.  In 2019, we invested $1 billion in our transmission infrastructure. During the year, we completed several projects, including Phase 1 of the Western Region economic transmission project in Texas, the Southwest Louisiana improvement project and autotransformer projects in Little Rock and Central Mississippi. Our transmission investments benefit our system and our customers as they reduce congestion, enhance system reliability, efficiency and resiliency and support the economic development of our jurisdictions by enabling service to new customers.  In distribution, we are now 1/3 of the way through the installation of 3 million advanced meters across our service area. To complement this effort, we are investing in an improved digital platform to create a multichannel experience for our customers, a new outage and distribution management system, an enterprise asset and work management system and increased automation on our grid. This technology platform not only provides customer usage insights today, but also lays the foundation for advanced capabilities over time. And with billions of real-time data points available, we'll be able to glean new insights that will drive fundamental change in the way we serve our customers while they consume the least amount of energy resources.  Our customers' expectations are evolving, and we're preparing to meet them. Instead of simply providing an input, electricity or gas, we're thinking about the outcomes our customers need and desire from their power consumption. With new technologies and capabilities deployed, we'll be able to anticipate their needs and offer tailored solutions.  In 2019, we formed KeyString Labs, our innovation center, to engage with stakeholders and develop new solutions that address our customers' desired outcomes and make their lives better. For example, we've developed a backup generator offering for commercial and industrial customers called Power Through. We installed our first 1 megawatt generator at a grocery store in Texas, the resources available to the store in the event of a power outage and it's available to the utility at other times. Both parties share the cost, which makes it economic for everyone and mutually beneficial. Entergy Texas has already utilized this resource, providing cost-effective and efficient power back to the grid.  We also have line of sight on additional projects. In December, we received approval from the Mississippi Public Service Commission to deploy 20 generators in the state, and we are actively working with our regulatory teams to introduce Power Through across all our jurisdictions.  KeyString Labs is also working on solutions to expand beneficial electrification of sectors that currently use fossil fuels. This is an important pillar of our broader strategy to reduce societal carbon emissions beyond our own footprint. This is a practical and environmentally responsible way to help customers in other industries meet their sustainability goals by relying on Entergy's grid power instead of higher-emitting fossil fuels. We've recently launched a utility scale shore-power project that extends our distribution system to marine vessels in ports. Our first shore power project went into service just last month, which we estimate will achieve up to 42% net reduction in carbon emissions, a 48% net reduction in sulfur oxides and 98% reduction in nitrogen oxides. We believe we have significant opportunities to deploy shore power projects as we have 37 ports in our service area, 7 of which are among the 20 largest ports in the United States.  These are just some of the innovative projects we're working on across the organization, and we are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. Customer solutions will be an important part of our business, and we will continue to explore opportunities to improve our customers' everyday lives through new technology, data analytics, innovation and creative solutions.  Over the last several years, we have built constructive relationships with our regulators that have enabled the development of progressive regulatory mechanisms across our jurisdictions. We have formula rate plans in 4 of our 5 jurisdictions: Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and New Orleans. Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Louisiana will file this year to request renewal for their current FRPs. Entergy Texas has cost recovery factors for transmission and distribution investments. They also have a rider for AMI recovery. In 2019, new legislation directed the Public Utility Commission of Texas to establish a rider for generation investments. That rider is currently being developed through a rule-making process, which we expect to be finalized in the third quarter.  In New Orleans, the City Council approved a rate reduction that reflects a 9.35% ROE and caps Entergy New Orleans' equity at 50%. We have appealed that decision, and we continue to work with council members to reach a fair outcome. As a result of collaborative work with our regulators, 90% of our 3-year capital plan is expected to be recovered through timely, progressive regulatory mechanisms.  For the last several years, our strategy to manage risks has included the planned orderly exit from our Merchant business. This past year, we sold Vermont Yankee and Pilgrim. And with a final and sale agreement in place for Indian Point, we are well on our way to complete our EWC exit. Our leadership in sustainability and environmental stewardship has been a hallmark of who we are for nearly two decades, and it remains a key focus for us today. In 2019, we were named once again to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. We are the only electric utility to receive this honor 18 years in a row, and we are very proud of this recognition, as DJSI is one of the most respected independent sustainability measures in the world. We earned perfect scores in the areas of climate strategy, corporate citizenship and philanthropy, policy influence, materiality, and water-related risks. This past year, we released our climate scenario analysis. We outlined our role in meeting the imperative to reduce risk posed by climate change. We announced a new greenhouse gas emissions goal to reduce our CO2 emissions rate to 50% below year 2000 levels by 2030.  I am proud to say that today, we are already one of the cleanest large-scale generation fleets in the country, according to the 2019 M.J. Bradley Benchmarking Air Emissions report. This independent third-party analysis confirms that of the top 20 privately or investor-owned power producers in the United States, Entergy has the fourth lowest CO2 emissions rate in the nation. In addition, we have limited coal resources, which produced only 6% of our 2019 energy mix. We have definitive plans to retire the majority of those resources by the end of 2030, and we are evaluating options for the rest. We've worked hard over the last 20 years to ensure that we are one of the cleanest utilities amongst our peers, and our renewed environmental commitments will ensure that we remain so for years to come. Beyond environmental efforts, Entergy has established a legacy of corporate citizenship. We make an impact in our communities through a combination of philanthropy and volunteerism and advocacy. We've earned national recognition for our efforts in improved education and workforce development, eradicate poverty and protect the environment.  Our people and our culture are critical to our success. Acquiring, retaining and developing the talent we need to meet today's business needs and to prepare for the workplace of tomorrow, are important components of our business strategy. We have received many workplace awards and recognition for diversity, employee resource groups and disability inclusion. I encourage you to visit the Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility sections of our website where we provide comprehensive information about our actions and strategies that create sustainable value for our stakeholders. The fundamentals that underlie our steady and predictable growth are strong. We have a robust earnings per share growth trajectory. We have among the lowest retail rates in the country. We have progressive regulatory mechanisms. The states we serve benefit from strong industrial growth and we are an industry leader in sustainability. Our solid base plan that we've laid out will upgrade the service level we provide to our customers while growing their bills at or below inflation, and that alone makes Entergy a compelling investment today.  But we want to do even better. With no shortage of customer-centric investment opportunities, we are making continuous improvement of core value at our company. We are working smarter and more efficiently to improve our business. These efforts will enable additional investments that will further elevate service and reliability without significantly affecting customers' bills. That is our objective, to allow our customers to achieve their most ambitious goals at the lowest possible cost. 2019 was a very successful year for our company, and Entergy is well positioned for continued value creation that benefits all our stakeholders. We are taking our business to the next level by executing on our customer-focused investment plan, investing in our people and our culture and maximizing growth opportunities through continuous improvement in innovation. We are excited by what lies ahead.  Before I turn it over to Drew, I'm happy to announce that we will host our Analyst Day conference in New York City on June 18. Our main objective will be to give you a view of our 5-year outlook, and we will continue the conversation on key areas of focus for our company. So stay tuned for more details.  I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will review our 2019 financial results, 2020 guidance and our outlooks.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo stated, we are reporting strong results for another very successful year. 2019 adjusted earnings per share were $5.40, in the top half of our guidance range that we raised last quarter. These results keep us firmly on track to achieve our longer-term growth aspirations.  I'll begin with a review of results for the fourth quarter and then move to the full year. I'll provide an overview of our guidance -- I'll also provide an overview of our guidance for 2020. Starting with the quarter on Slide 5. On a per share basis, Entergy adjusted earnings were $0.68, slightly below fourth quarter of 2018.  Turning to Utility on Slide 6. Rate actions in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas contributed positively to the quarter's results. Regulatory charges and provisions recorded last year also contributed to the quarter-over-quarter variance. Lower retail sales volumes and higher operating expenses, primarily depreciation and O&M, partially offset the increase. The higher share count also affected this quarter's results on a per share basis. Moving to EWC on Slide 7. As-reported earnings were $1.08, approximately $3 higher than a year ago. This is largely the result of higher returns on decommissioning trust investments during the quarter, favorable tax items and lower asset write-offs and impairment charges.  On Slide 8, you can see that operating cash flow in the quarter was $699 million, $173 million higher than a year ago. The biggest driver was the lower amount of unprotected excess ADIT returned to customers. Another offsetting key driver was an incremental $200 million contribution to our pension trust, made possible by the strong cash flows in 2019.  Now turning to the full year on Slide 9. Entergy adjusted EPS for 2019 was $5.40, $0.11 higher than for 2018. These results exceeded the midpoint of both our original and our revised guidance ranges. Utility-adjusted EPS on Slide 10 was $6.95 in 2019, $0.07 higher than 2018. While the magnitudes are different, the drivers for the annual increase were the same as for the quarter I just reviewed.  Slide 11 summarizes EWC as-reported earnings, which were $0.74 for full year 2019. Gains on the decommissioning trust fund investments, lower asset write-offs and impairment charges and lower operating expenses were the main drivers. Partially offsetting this increase was lower revenue, primarily due to the shutdown and sale of Pilgrim. Full year operating cash flow, shown on Slide 12, was approximately $2.8 billion, $432 million higher than last year. The most significant driver was an approximately $300 million reduction in the unprotected excess ADIT returned to customers. 2019 results also benefited from increased collections for fuel and purchase power cost recovery at Utility, and lower revenues at EWC partially offset the increase.  Moving to Slide 13. Our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range is $5.45 to $5.75 with a midpoint of $5.60. This and our 2021 and 2022 outlook ranges remain the same as our outlook at EEI. We continue to target a 5% to 7% annual growth rate for adjusted earnings per share. A few of the key drivers for 2020 earnings growth are summarized on Slide 14. Starting on the top line, a full year of 2019 rate activity at Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Mississippi will contribute to 2020's growth as well as Entergy Arkansas' new rates that were effective in January of this year. We will also make FRP filings in Mississippi, New Orleans and Louisiana, and we expect the Lake Charles Power Station to go into service during the second quarter, with rate recovery in the month following its in-service date.  Additionally, our project sales volume in 2020 is expected to increase year-over-year -- our projected sales volume in 2020 is expected to increase year-over-year, driven by strong industrial sales growth of approximately 5.5%. This is partly offset by slightly negative residential and commercial sales volume. We continue to expect volatility in industrial sales from quarter-to-quarter as new and expansion customers ramp up operations. Overall, we see about 2% positive sales growth for 2020. We project Utility O&M to be approximately $2.6 billion, in line with our previous disclosures and about $30 million higher than 2019. This is driven by pension expense and items offset in revenue, such as energy efficiency and storm reserves. Smaller amount is due to a full year of St. Charles and Choctaw as well as the Lake Charles Power Station coming online.  Depreciation and interest expense are also expected to increase as we expect -- as we continue to grow our business through productive investments to benefit our customers and our communities. On a per share basis, we expect our average share count to be 201 million shares as a result of settling the remainder of our equity forward mid-year 2019.  Finally, our cash and credit metrics as of the end of the year, as shown on Slide 15. Our parent debt to total debt is 21.6%, and our FFO to debt is 14.6%. This includes the effect of returning $300 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers over the last 12 months. Excluding this give-back and certain items related to our exit of EWC, FFO to debt would have been 16.8%. While we still have some unprotected excess ADIT remaining, we have returned over $1 billion to our customers, and the bulk of the credit impact is now behind us. We remain committed to our credit targets, including at or above 15% for FFO to debt by 2020, and below 25% for parent debt to total debt as well as maintaining our investment-grade profile.  I'd also like to note that our finalized capital plan is in the appendix of our materials. Our capital plan through 2022 continues to grow and now totals nearly $12 billion, led by incremental transmission investment in Louisiana and Texas. The financing framework for our capital plan has not changed since 2018, and we don't see a need for equity until 2021. Now that we are in 2020, we are actively considering the timing and method to fill that need in a manner that best supports our financial goals.  As Leo mentioned, 2019 was a very successful year for our company. The fundamentals that support the steady predictable growth of our business are strong. And as we continue to optimize our efficiencies through continuous improvement, technology and innovation, we see an opportunity to take our business to the next level. We are excited about the growth ahead.  And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Shar Pourezza with Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Constantine Lednev: You talked about some of these innovative capital deployment programs that kind of you're putting in place. And I just wanted to kind of get a little bit of an idea for how big do you see the opportunities for all of the electrification and kind of customer solutions. And how does that fit within the plan that was presented at EEI?
Leo Denault: As far as the plan, there's very little in there. We have added some dollars when we went through the process at the end of the second quarter where we had some continuous improvement opportunities, and then we put money back into the business for all of our stakeholders. There was some level of that from the KeyString Labs sort of initiatives, but there's very little in the plan really at this point for those opportunities.  It's a little early for us to start to size it up. As the year goes on and we start to develop more, we will. But our view is that at the end of the day, the distribution side of the business and these customer solutions will be the fastest-growing part of our business. Customer solutions could include all kinds of electrification. If you look at, for example, Louisiana, the industry is the second largest emitter of greenhouse gases, behind transportation with utilities, third, which is a little bit different than it is in the rest of the country given the nature and the size of the industrial complex in Louisiana. So across all of our footprint, we see a significant amount of opportunity in the electrification space, once we work beyond shore power and into manufacturing processes and even transportation sector.  So that could get significant over time as we go forward. And there's a lot of other things that they're going to be able to do in addition to what we've already done in solar, in addition to what we're already doing in backup generators. As I mentioned, while we put the footprint of AMI, EAM, customer digital and all of those other technological improvements that we do on the system, we get significant amounts of data that will allow KeyString Labs and the rest of the company to actually create products and services based on that. So it's too early to size what -- to size it up and give you any numbers. But if you go 5, 10 years down the road, we think that it's going to be pretty significant.
Constantine Lednev: Wonderful. Just one quick follow-up is on the numbers for kind of sales volume in 2019, seemed a little bit weaker and a little bit weak on the industrial sales and just the customer count. Can you comment on what you're seeing in terms of just economic activity? And kind of how does that play into '20 -- going into 2020?
Andrew Marsh: Sure. This is Drew. The fundamental strength that we have that are sort of built into our service area are still in place in terms of the low costs down here from an energy perspective, our low rates, the welcoming communities for industrial growth, the access to the river and the infrastructure and labor and everything else. So all those things are still in place. And so we continue to see an opportunity going forward that would allow us to continue to grow on the industrial base.  Talking about 2019 versus 2020. We've talked about over the course of 2019, how some of our key customers that we were expecting to ramp up were not able to ramp up as fast as we anticipated. But we still expect them to be there. And so that's contributing to kind of the year-over-year expectations for 2020 as well as on the smaller industrial customer size base.  There was quite a bit of rain in Arkansas, so a number of our customers in -- that normally do pumping for agricultural use on an industrial scale weren't there. But we expect them to be back in 2020, barring -- assuming a normal weather condition up in Arkansas. So that's really what's driving kind of the change year-over-year and kind of the softness in 2019. And I'll let Rod talk a little bit about sort of the -- where we actually see customers going forward.
Roderick West: I think we commented during the last quarter that our confidence in the outlook comes from the fact that our growth expectations stem from our ability to actually identify specific projects, and we know exactly who those customers are. Over the last several years, we've improved our capacity to engage those customers, giving us greater visibility and insight through various aspects of their project development cycle, from concept to financial investment decision. And so when we give you our outlook, it's a probability-weighted assessment of the timing of those projects coming online and the associated load and financial implications. So our outlooks are still strong, and we can tie our expectations in the near term to specific firms within different industrial segments.  So we still have clarity. Admittedly, they sometimes come in lumpy over the course of quarter-over-quarter. But our confidence is still high in the industrial outlooks driving our growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps to pick up on some of the commentary, Leo. Can you elaborate a little bit more on some of the customer-centric angles? And specifically, what I'm getting at is, I think some of your commissioners in Louisiana specifically have talked about some more direct access. And I don't mean direct access in the competitive sense, but more in terms of procurement choices. I'm just curious, should we expect something along the lines of green tariffs or something like that to sort of enable another angle here? I don't want to lead the witness too much, but I'm just curious on that angle.  And then separately, Leo, you also talked about the resource portfolio at large. From what I understand, I think there's a retirement study ongoing. And I just wanted to understand a little bit as to how that might play out more specifically in terms of dockets, and how we see sort of the planning process play more specifically out in the near -- medium term, rather.
Leo Denault: Okay. Well, let me try and keep up with that question or that series of questions. As far as the customer solutions area goes, it's wide-ranging across all of our customer segments. So we've done low-income rooftop solar in -- out of KeyString Labs. We've done backup generation for small industrial and commercial. At the utility level, we're engaging with our larger industrial customers across a variety of different ways to interact with them to help them do business better. We have been investigating green tariffs. We have been investigating community solar. We are looking at a whole host of other types of products and services that provide us the opportunity to give our customers the outcomes they desire.  If you think about a customer utility function, it goes beyond just -- and I don't mean electric utility, but from an economic standpoint, it goes beyond just the low-cost provision of highly reliable power. It goes beyond that in terms of what their objectives are in terms of what they want to do with that consumption. So if they have a sustainability objective, in addition to just selling them electricity, we want to help our customers with that sustainability objective. So hence, that's where you get into a position where you electrify a sector.  In the shore power arena, as I mentioned, just there, we help those customers meet their sustainability objectives and, quite honestly, a way that meets their needs at a lower cost. And so that's a very, very important way for us to serve the customer while we serve the communities, while we enhance our sustainability footprint in theirs and make them more competitive in their businesses.  So in terms of specifics, Julien, across that, products and services will be developed out of innovation by working with our customers in a different way than we have before, because technology, data, information, analytics allow us that capability in ways that weren't available. And the more technologies we put on the system, the more availability we'll have on that data and that information and our ability to actually make that happen.  So the reason we're so excited about it is, it's pretty wide-ranging in terms of what we're going to do for different segments of the residential class versus different segments of the commercial class versus different -- in specific customers in the industrial space. So that's about as specific as I really want to get at the moment on that.  As far as the resource plan goes, we're obviously constantly in the mode of evaluating what the resource plan looks like going forward in all of our jurisdictions. And as we see technologies change, our view of what those resources could be broadens. And so from the standpoint of, say, what type of technology choices we make, whether they be on the energy efficiency side, on the side of renewables, gas or what-have-you, we have the opportunity to expand that footprint. And as technology improves, and renewables and battery and other storage technologies become more economic and more operable, we'll see more of those show up in the system. And it's our anticipation that we will continue to provide 3 things for our customers through the resource plan. One is operability. When they turn on the lights, they come on. That's obviously a ticket to play. We continue to want to be one of the lowest-cost providers in the United States that helps our competitive position and it helps the economic development of the service territory, which obviously creates a good business cycle for us. And then we want to help ourselves, our communities and our customers meet their sustainability objectives. We're going to do all 3 of those, and we're going to optimize those to the extent practical. So that means taking advantage of all of the technologies out there in the most efficient way we can. I don't know if Rod wants to add anything to that, I hope.
Roderick West: Yes. I mean I would only add that in Louisiana, we'll be making filings with the commission relative to green tariff options that we want the commission to consider in response to some of the sustainability objectives of our industrial customers. But that's an ongoing conversation that falls right in line with the comments you just made, Leo.
Andrew Marsh: And we have a retirement study to do after the St. Charles project goes in service that will address some of the things that Leo was talking about.
Leo Denault: Forgot about that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: So Leo, on the generation side, you had mentioned that you have opportunities for more generation projects going forward. Just wanted to understand, is that from load growth driven, or the 5%, 6% goal that you have currently that you plan to retire? What's kind of driving the new generation opportunities? And what kind of fuel mix are you looking for as you go forward in the new generation?
Leo Denault: The generation opportunities are similar to what we've discussed in the past. We still see a need to transform our fleet from the older, less efficient generation to new, cleaner, more efficient way to provide power. And our perspective on the mix hasn't changed from where we were at EEI that if we look 22 million to 30 million in that 7,000- to 8,000-megawatt range, and we think that based on where technology is going and what we could foresee that roughly half of that could be renewables.  The way we're going to fill that out is going to be specific to those 3 points that I made a minute ago, has to be the right operational characteristics at the right cost with the right sustainability footprint.  Our objective is to optimize that as much as possible. And so as we've discussed before, as we get closer to each one of those resource choices, to the extent renewables, storage, technologies and other factors have made those more operable and cost-effective, they become a bigger part of the resource mix. That doesn't change how much capacity we need because we need to provide the service we need to provide and the age of the fleet is what it is. And as I mentioned, we have plans for retirement of the majority of the coal resources that are out there, and we're looking at what to do with the others. So that, plus old gas fleet that still needs to be refreshed, all go into the mix.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Second question or a follow-up on the equity needs point. Drew, I think you mentioned or at least at EEI, you had a range of 5% to 10%. Now you're saying you're at the upper end of that, so closer to the 10%. Just wanted to understand what's driving that equity need going up a little bit. And is that a little bit of managing the credit as well? Just wanted to understand that driver.
Andrew Marsh: Sure, Praful. So I think that's probably in part, part of what it is. Nothing has changed relative to where we said in 2018 from our plan. And I think there is -- there's some credit considerations, there's our earnings considerations. All those are part of what we are working through. And also, the capital plan itself has grown over the -- has grown since EEI's, grew last summer, so it's been growing as well. And as Leo has been talking about, there is the potential for considerably more equity needs -- or capital needs out in the future. So I think all of those things are factoring into how we're thinking about where the equity might land when we go to fill that need in 2021.
Praful Mehta: Got it. And finally, any performance, the outperformance that you had in your decommissioning trust especially on Indian Point? I'm assuming that doesn't accrue to Entergy because that was part of like the deal that was struck in terms of the sale of Indian Point, correct?
Andrew Marsh: That's correct. So the trust fund at Indian Point is whole tax responsibility in terms of the level that it's at. And that will help be part of the NRC proceeding that is underway right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sophie Karp: Congrats on the quarter.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Sophie.
Sophie Karp: I just wanted to talk a little bit more about cash flows and balance sheet. Obviously, the OCF metric and the leverage metrics are improving, and that's very encouraging. Where might we see maybe a positive surprise there? Or where is the room for a change versus your -- what you're anticipating right now? Maybe it's a pension as it relates to performance of the pension assets. Or nearly maybe a surprise to load growth. Can you just walk us a little bit more sort of the puts and takes and what might affect the trajectory of the improvement here either way?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. So there's a couple of drivers out there that have been helpful in 2019. One was at EWC. Our cash flows came in a little bit better than we anticipated. The team there has done a great job managing costs and identifying ways to reduce capital needs as we transition towards shutting down those plants. So that's been very positive.  We had some very positive working capital developments in Utility, and we may see some more of that this year because of lower fuel prices. So that's been helpful. Of course, the performance of the pension trust has been good. But at the same time, interest rates have been coming down and raising the liability. And so we actually -- our liability went up about $1 billion from $7.4 billion to $8.4 billion last year, solely because of interest rates dropping over 100 basis points. Our delta between our assets and -- our assets went up as well. Our delta stayed about the same, around $2 billion year-over-year. So we weren't able to make up as much ground as we were hoping given the positive performance.  But we did -- we were able because of some of the positive cash flows, as I mentioned in my remarks, able to put some incremental cash into the pension trust, about $200 million more than we planned at the beginning of the year. We did that at the end of the year. So that will help continue to derisk that pension liability.  So those are kind of some of the drivers. And some of those is what I would expect to continue to be opportunities going forward in terms of the potential for lower fuel prices, helping our working capital and potentially some incremental room at EWC as well. And none of that takes into consideration some of the things that Leo was talking about around continuous improvement. If we can find incremental headroom through continuous improvement on our cash flows, then we can put that to work, either with incremental investments to benefit our customers or other investments to create value for all our stakeholders.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And the follow-up I have is on Indian Point. So we've seen the objection filings by the New York Attorney General. Can you just walk us through how these proceedings typically are going to go? And how much way would be afforded to a party like that, I guess, in this proceeding? Like should we be worried about this?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. So the questions that the New York Attorney General are asking are the same ones that we have addressed in the proceedings at the NRC for both Vermont Yankee and for Pilgrim, and namely there around the financial and technical capabilities of Holtec to, in this case, to do the work of decommissioning. And that's really -- that is what the NRC is addressing. That is there, what they're accountable for figuring out in the proceeding. And so I think that will be a good forum to address those questions. And we are confident -- I'll add, we're confident that Holtec will be able to answer those. They've already answered them successfully into other proceedings, one with us around Pilgrim, and then, of course, Oyster Creek.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Gregory Gordon: I feel like you may have indirectly answered most of this. But when I look at the slide deck from EEI and just compared to the slide deck now as you refined your guidance, the -- in particular, O&M costs, I think we're only expected to be up $0.10, more or less at EEI. Now they're up $0.25. And I think that's in part due to a lower pension discount rate. You used 4% as a placeholder. And the last deck you're using just under 3.4% now. And I also -- you've pointed out that a lot of those increased costs are probably offset by increased revenues. So can you -- am I capturing all that? Or am I missing something?
Andrew Marsh: I think you're on the right track, Greg. It's true. The pension discount rate did come down lower than what we were anticipating when we were talking at EEI. And so that was -- of the incremental O&M, that was probably 40% of the delta. Also, there's another 40% is associated with things that are offset in the top line. Energy efficiency, storm reserve changes that at the bottom line will be a net 0. And then, of course, there are little -- there are a few odds and ends, but those dollars add up to something really small. So I think all in all, and actually, I would say, we're overall, we're in line with what we were expecting, $2.6 billion in Utility. And we've talked about trying to keep it flat at around $2.65 billion going forward is what we discussed last summer. So we've managed to work against all of those things that move the O&M up a little bit, but it's still within the expectations that we had overall.
Gregory Gordon: Yes, that's a good answer. And then as I compare the expected rate actions from the fall till now, it looks like on the margin, your -- maybe I missed it, but the DCRF and TCRF filing and the AMI riders filing, those weren't explicitly included in retail price actions in the fall deck and they're included now. So those are modest increase in regulatory activity versus the fall plan? Or were those always anticipated, but just maybe not called out explicitly?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. I think we were anticipating that we were going to do those things, but we hadn't explicitly called them out.
Gregory Gordon: Okay, great. And then in terms of the CapEx plan, obviously, it's up modestly through '22, but 2 gigawatts of potential incremental opportunities. I mean look, I'm just going to spitball at $1,000 a kilowatt. I mean is it right to think about that as long as you can -- most importantly, as long as you can sort of pencil out that those incremental capital expenditures drive customer benefits? Is that -- am I right that, that could be up to a $2 billion increase in CapEx? And over what time frame might that be?
Andrew Marsh: Absolutely. It's a big opportunity for us. We've talked about the capital plan is inching towards a $4 billion average. At this point, if we look beyond our capital horizon 2022, I would expect that it would be up above $4 billion. And all the things that you're talking about are going to be a piece of that opportunity.  That's on the generation side. I mean Leo was saying that the biggest opportunity is on the other end of the value chain, at the distribution end and the customer services, that's where the biggest growth opportunity, we think, will ultimately be. So there is significant capital opportunity out there for us. But the thing that you said is really what we are working through, which is how do we make sure that we can create value for our customers and really all of our stakeholders while we put this capital to work and do it in a way that allows our customers to manage this through their bills. And that's kind of the key to this whole thing and all the continuous improvement and the innovation, the new products and services, the leveraging of technology, creating headroom in those bills. That's what we're after. And we see opportunities for that in a significant way down the road.
Gregory Gordon: Hey, Leo, I've got a question for you that you're probably not going to want to answer, but I'll ask it anyway. There is -- with the opportunities you have in hand, just organically, it would seem to me that you guys control your own destiny. But you've always said that you've been open to better ideas about the strategic direction of the company. Is that just brain damage at this point because you've got so much opportunity organically? Or with the right -- what would the set of circumstances have to be for you to want to be distracted enough by a strategic offer to consider it?
Leo Denault: I think the criteria are the same. Certainly, we, as a management team and the board, are open to -- and I think you characterized it correctly, better ideas. So if there is a way to advance the ball beyond what we think we can do, the way we're configured today, we will investigate it.  In addition to it having to be something that does advance the ball, it has to be transactable both with the counterparty and through the regulatory process. Because there's no point going forward if you can't get along well enough to go through the process. And if you can't get the process completed, there's -- obviously, that's -- it doesn't matter how good the idea is, if it can't get done, it doesn't matter.  And then you did also bring up the third thing that we always discuss, and that's distraction is, in our industry, because of the way the process works, it takes 18 to 24 months to get something done. Are you distracted during that time frame from doing the things that got you to the point where we are today in such a way that if you don't get across the goal line or even if you do, you've lost so much ground that it doesn't make it worth it? If you can solve that puzzle, then our stance would continue to be that it is worthwhile.  We do have, in my opinion, the most attractive stand-alone plan that we've ever had for all 4 of our stakeholders. We have significant amount of opportunity to improve the level of service and the way we serve our customers. We have a significant opportunity to continue sustainability objectives and our community building across the environmental, the education, workforce training, eradication of poverty, space or anything to provide value for our communities. We continue to have an opportunity to expand our culture in a way that engages our employees the way they've never been before. And certainly, all of that results in the investment profile that grows the business for certainly, our shareholders.  So it's a pretty high bar in that first part about can you actually have a better idea that advances the ball enough to make it worth doing. That doesn't mean we don't look at it. It doesn't mean we wouldn't be open to it. It just means that I think now the bar is as high as it's been in that front.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quickly, can you remind us what the stated retirement dates are for some of your coal units? I'm thinking larger ones like White Bluffs and then some of the smaller ones, independents, Nelson, et cetera.
Leo Denault: Yes. The Arkansas units, Michael, are part of that settlement that gets us to the -- by the end of 2030. Yes.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Is there a scenario where -- especially given the economics of coal versus gas versus solar, where you would fast forward or move up the retirement dates, which might create a little bit of a capacity need, but also may potentially create customer savings?
Leo Denault: I mentioned in my script that in addition to what we're doing, we were looking at what to do with the rest of the fleet. There is that kind of analysis going on, on a regular basis. We look at all of the resources we have and what's the right balance between spending the money required to keep them operating versus replacement. And so that's on the table. At this point in time, we haven't made that call.
Michael Lapides: Got it. My other question is on the nuclear side. And can you talk a little bit about the dispatch economics, all-in economics for your nuclear fleet in the southeast? And just how you're thinking about those plants and kind of where they sit economically on the dispatch. Or as we've seen in other parts of the country, both regulated and nonregulated, we've seen some nuclear retirements. And trying to just think about the -- is it even the nuclear units that we should be thinking about as fleet transformation over time?
Andrew Marsh: Michael, this is Drew. And so in regards of where it sits in the dispatch stack, is it's low, right? They have run days, run all the time. They have low variable costs. And so they are going to run all the time. We do know about the economics, and we've talked about that in the Northeast, obviously, with the shutdown of our EWC fleet. But there are many reasons why you might want to continue to operate your nuclear fleet that are very, very important from a quality perspective. And you can evaluate those more effectively in a utility setting than you can in a merchant power market where all that matters is that marginal electrons price.  So when you talk about -- and you see folks supporting nuclear plants in those unregulated power markets for these same reasons, right? You're talking about clean generation that supports the grid. It's always available. It diversifies the portfolio. It provides good tax base, so there's a lot of jobs and communities and a lot of active volunteering coming out of these plants that have a lot of employees. So there's a lot of policy reasons why you want to keep a nuclear plant around. But it's hard to evaluate those in a merchant setting. And you see people doing that already in Illinois and parts of New York and other places. You can do that more easily in a rate-regulated framework to evaluate those characteristics.
Michael Lapides: Understood. And then last question, where do you think you stand when you benchmark yourself on P&D costs, either on a per line mile or per customer or whatever you all think the most appropriate metric is? Kind of where do you think you stand versus the peer group? And how do you think about the path to kind of getting the top decile?
Leo Denault: Well, it's a tricky metric to be making broad generalizations about the peer group, because the peer group would have to be somebody whose service territory characteristics mirror ours. So there's a big difference between people who are in urban dense versus rural versus mountainous versus swampy versus all of any other things that make that up. It doesn't mean we don't do it. It doesn't mean we don't compare favorably in a lot of respects, but we need to go beyond just those benchmarks, Michael, and get into what can we do to continuously improve ourselves once we get outside of the plant level, because there's too many variables to just make broad generalizations. I wouldn't think, even if we are top decile, that we wouldn't be able to find ways to improve.
Operator: And our final question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.
Jonathan Arnold: Can you give us a little preview of what kinds of things we might expect you to do at the Analyst Day? I mean obviously, you've talked about a lot of evolving opportunities at the margin. But more specifically, do you think you'll roll forward your outlook to '23? Are you going to continue giving these multiyear outlooks? Is that the plan? But just a sense of what we should be practical opportunity.
Leo Denault: Yes. I think, Jonathan, as I mentioned in my remarks, we'll go out. Typically, the way the process has worked for us, we've historically done an Analyst Day every other year. And when we do it, we roll out kind of a 5-year look versus the every-odd-year roll-out, 3-year look, I guess. So I would anticipate that we would do that, obviously, give a little bit more ability to dive into what we're doing in terms of all the things that we've been talking about here, maybe turn, work hard on what those opportunities look like and what they might be and gives us a little more time to get into a little bit more detail that way. But I think kind of just more discussion around the opportunity set in front of us.  Again, I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, we have a pretty good base here with some of the lowest rates in the country, one of the cleanest fleets in the country, some of the only industrial growth in the country, some of the best regulatory mechanisms in the country. And no shortage of opportunities to invest on behalf of our customers to increase the level of service that they get, while we manage the bill path to be at or below the level of inflation. And so just looking at the outlooks that we provided you here, that's a -- and again, in my estimation, one of the best positions we've been in as a company. But that doesn't mean we are not looking for ways to do better because our team keeps coming up with more investment opportunities for us to make on behalf of our customers that could improve that level of service more, whether it's in the traditional things about sustainability and reliability or whether it's in some of these newer areas where we start to talk about customer solutions, where we're getting closer and closer and closer to providing them outcomes rather than just inputs.  So the idea of continuous improvement to provide the headroom that allows us to get there and improve things, I think, is a great challenge for us. And continuous improvement takes many forms, whether it's continuous improvement through RPA and utilization of our supply chain, shared service and IT functions to actually drive costs out of the business, while we upscale, actually, the level of performance or whether it's in economic development and new load growth that isn't in the plan today, that helps drive costs down for the rest of the customers. Or just the fact that gas prices continue to be lower than what we typically project them to be. If you look at the forward curve, you're out 4, 5 years, you're still at sub $2.50 gas and that's a great opportunity for us to benefit our customers.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Well, keep up the great execution and look forward to hearing more about it in June.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any further remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Sherry, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on March 2, and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accounted -- accepted accounting principles.  Also as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of our -- of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone, who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than question and one follow-up. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in todays press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.52. Drew will go over the details, but the bottom line is that these are strong results that allow us to raise our 2019 guidance midpoint by $0.05 and narrow the range. We also remain firmly on track to achieve our longer-term outlooks. With three quarters behind us, weve completed many of our key deliverables for the year to keep us on track to achieve our goal to be the premier utility, including a few important milestones this quarter. Furthering our orderly exit from EWC in late August, the NRC approved our license transfer application for Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station. And shortly after that we completed the sale to subsidiary of Holtec International. This is the second sale that we have successfully completed of a non-operating nuclear plant and the third in the industry. This is also the second time the NRC has determined that Holtec has the financial and technical capabilities to decommission nuclear plants. As a reminder, we have agreements to sell our last two remaining merchant nuclear plants to Holtec. Weve also had significant accomplishments at the utility. Providing added clarity to our investment plan, the Mississippi Public Service Commission approved our proposal to purchase the Choctaw generation station. We expect to close the transaction soon. The commissions order also included a stipulation supporting timely and full cost recovery of the asset. We expect the plan to be included in rates with minimal lag similar to how we have recovered costs of past acquisitions in Mississippi. Purchasing this clean and modern 810 megawatt combined cycle natural gas turbine is a good outcome for our stakeholders and is expected to result in approximately $100 million in net benefits for Entergy Mississippis customers. We also have a solid track record of completing major generation projects on time and on budget or better, supported by a solid capital projects management team. We are on track with Lake Charles Power Station and New Orleans Power Station, which are expected to come online next year. Montgomery County Power Station in Texas is also on schedule and expected to come online in mid-2021. On the renewables front, construction has begun on one of the largest solar facilities currently planned for Louisiana. Capital Region Solar is a 50-megawatt solar project being built in West Baton Rouge Parish. Once completed, the facility will offset the equivalent of nearly 19,000 passenger vehicles emissions each year. We will purchase the output under a 20-year agreement. We are working with our regulators to expand and customize our portfolio of renewable energy solutions to meet our customers expectations and to achieve our sustainability goals. Turning to regulatory proceedings. Entergy Louisianas new rates became effective in September. The companys annual FRP evaluation provides a simpler process, the lines, rates and costs, better than traditional rate cases. In Arkansas, we have reached an unopposed settlement on the companys annual FRP, which we are filing today. The settlement is in line with our initial expectations. We anticipated final decision from the Arkansas Commission by the end of the year. In New Orleans, the City  the Council Utility Committee issued a resolution that if adopted, would set a revenue requirement that is below what we believe to be just in reasonable for Entergy New Orleans and our customers. We continue to work with council members to reach a fair outcome when the council takes up the matter in early November. This continued progress on regulatory proceedings is an important component of our success as it improves clarity on the recoverability of our investments and solidifies our financial commitments. Another growing part of our company that we are excited about is our innovation center. This group is developing product and service concepts to meet the evolving expectations of our utility customers and the communities we serve. The team employees are rigorous work process focused on exploring customer frictions and feedback, product design, market opportunities and more. For example, last quarter, I highlighted Entergy New Orleans new program that puts solar panels on low income customers homes. Under this program, Entergy will install the rooftop solar system at no cost to the customers and give them a credit on their monthly bills. That idea came out of our innovation team. Another concept developed that is now being implemented is a customer sited backup generation solution for commercial and small industrial customers. The generators will be owned by Entergy and would allow those businesses to operate as usual during widespread outages. For example, retail businesses would be able to provide services to the general public during significant weather events. In other times, when needed, the resource can be deployed by the utility, which benefits all customers. Entergy owned customers cited generation is an innovative win-win solution. It provides an economic alternative to businesses to remain open when our communities need them most and it provides us the utility and had a resource when the system needs it. Entergy Texas recently announced a pilot of this concept in its service area and Entergy Mississippi has a filing pending before the public service commission. Our plan is to eventually implement this idea that all operating companies. Innovation and new technologies will be an important part of our business as we continue to explore solutions to improve our customers everyday lives. As many of you know, there have been three significant storms in the last few months. Hurricane Dorian made landfall on the East Coast in early September. Entergy sent nearly 500 workers to the Carolina coast to help with the restoration efforts. Then a few weeks later, Tropical Storm Imelda made landfall in Texas, bringing 20 inches to 40 inches of rain over the impacted service area. We deployed more than 1000 workers, both from Entergy and from other utilities. At the peak, we had approximately 38,000 customers without power. Service was restored to 95% of our customers within four days. Just this past weekend, Tropical Storm Olga moved through Louisiana. The storm brought heavy rain and winds in excess of 50 miles per hour. At its peak, Olga have disrupted electric service to more than 92,000 customers. The storm team of more than 1,000 workers restored the vast majority of outages within two days. Entergy employees have a long history of working together after natural disasters. They work to restore power for our customers and to assist our communities after an event. They also help co-workers, who are impacted. In addition to volunteer support, the company has established employee assistance funds to provide financial assistance for affected employees. Providing support in times of need, whether manpower or financial contributions, is important. Ongoing efforts that support our communities are also vital to our success. In September for the twelfth consecutive year, site selection magazine named Entergy as one of the nations top utilities in the economic development. Entergy plays a vital role in the economic development efforts across our service area, which brings business, jobs and community support to our States. Sustainability is a key focus here at Entergy. Once again, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. We are very proud of this achievement. DJSI is one of the most respected independent sustainability measures in the world. We are the only electric utility to receive this honor 18 years in a row and for the past five years, we have made a perfect score in the climate strategy category. To be named to this respected list year-after-year is a clear acknowledgement of Entergys commitment to implementing sustainability practices that serve our customers, employees, communities, and our owners. Last Friday, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.93 per share. This is the fifth straight year of steady, predictable growth in our dividend and with this declaration; we will pay a total of $3.66 per share in common dividends this year, just under 70% payout at our guidance midpoint. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to grow our dividend each year and plan to increase the growth to be more in line with our earnings starting in 2021. This has been another successful quarter for our company and our stakeholders as we continue to execute on our path to be the premier utility in every aspect of our business. We have among the lowest retail rates in the country, the States we serve benefit from strong industrial growth. We are an industry leader in sustainability. We invest in our communities and we invest in our employees and our culture. The fundamentals that underlie our steady, predictable growth are strong. First, we have a robust capital plan, which benefits our customers and supports the growth of the business and economic development in our communities. We have no shortage of investment opportunities beyond our current forecast period. As the utility with some of the lowest rates in the country, we always remain diligent in managing the cost impact to our customers and well continue to do so. Second, we have constructive regulatory mechanisms, which give us the opportunity for fair and timely recovery of our capital plan. As weve noted in the past, we have a unique line of sight with approximately 90% of our capital plan ready for execution from a regulatory perspective and approximately, 90% expected to be recovered through annual FRPs and riders. And third, we have a proven track record and ability to execute on major capital projects with cost and schedule certainty. This clear line of sight on our ability to execute our capital plan on time and on budget, combined with the progressive regulatory mechanisms that ensured timely recovery of our investments, supports our outlooks today. And as we continue to identify sources of customers savings including O&M and production cost efficiencies, energy efficiency, and industrial growth, we aspire to do even better. And well now turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo mentioned, we had another successful quarter and with our strong results, we are raising the midpoint of our 2019 guidance by $0.05 and narrowing the range. Also, we remain firmly on track to meet our longer-term outlooks. As you can see on Slide 4, on a per share basis, Entergy adjusted earnings were $2.52, $0.17 higher than the third quarter of 2018, including the effective dilution. Turning to Slide 5, rate actions in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas contributed positively to the quarters results at the higher sales volume in the unbilled period. Overall, revenue was a little higher than we anticipated due to weather. Billed sales volume declined versus last year, which was in part due to fewer days billed, volume in the unbilled period was positive as they captured the offset, the fewer days billed as well as warmer weather at the end of September. Other drivers for the quarters results included regulatory charges last year, included regulatory charges last year to return the benefits and the lower federal tax rate to customers, higher other O&M due largely to higher spending on information technology and customer initiatives including distribution operations, partially offset by lower nuclear cost. Drivers related to our growth such as higher depreciation expense including the St. Charles Power Station, which came online at the end of may. Lower decommissioning trust fund returns. And lastly, the higher share count affected this quarters results on a per share basis. Looking at EWC on Slide 6 as reported earnings were $1.27 per share lower than the prior year. Drivers for the quarter included the absence of tax items recorded in the third quarter of 2018, lower revenue due to the shutdown of Pilgrim as well as lower capacity pricing, lower decommissioning trust fund returns and higher asset write-offs and impairment charges related to the sale of Pilgrim. Partially offsetting the decrease was lower other O&M due to lower spending on nuclear operations and looking ahead, we still expect EWC to provide slightly positive net cash to parent from 2019 through 2022. Going to Slide 7, operating cash flow for the quarter was $1.065 billion, a $286 million increase from a year ago. The change was driven by a lower amount of unprotected excess ADIT returned to customers, lower pension contributions, and lower ARO spending at EWC, partially offsetting were higher severances and retention payments at EWC. Turning to our guidance and outlooks on Slide 8. For 2019, we raised midpoint to $5.35 as a result of whether returning back to normal for the year and mitigating strategies we put in place earlier in the year. We expect our results to come in around the midpoint of our updated range. Our targeted adjusted EPS growth remains at 5% to 7% off of our original 2019 guidance midpoint. Our outlooks include a new year, 2022, which is in line with this growth rate. More information will be available in our EEI materials. Moving to our credit metrics on Slide 9, our parent debt to total debt is 20.5% and our FFO to debt is 14.2%. this includes the effects of returning $469 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers over the last 12 months. Excluding this give back and certain items related to our exit of EWC, FFO to debt would be 17.6% or we still have to return some unprotected excess ADIT to customers. Im happy to report that the bulk of the credit impact is now behind us. We remain committed to our targets of at/or above 15% for FFO  for FFO to debt by 2020 and below 25% for parent debt to total debt as well as maintaining our investment grade profile. This was another successful quarter with strong results. We were able to raise our 2019 guidance midpoint and we are firmly on track to achieve longer-term outlooks. We continued to execute on our plan to deliver steady, projectable growth in earnings and dividends through customer centric investments. and as Leo mentioned, we aspire to do even better as we continue to develop our culture of continuous improvement. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Praful Mehta from Citi. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Praful.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. Congrats on a good quarter. So, I just wanted to first understand in terms of nuclear operations, I know we havent touched it  touched on it in awhile, just wanted to see where it stands today a lot of operations and are there any other NRC items to be watched right now?
Leo Denault: Hey, Praful. this is Leo. Effectively, everything is on track with what weve laid out a couple of years ago in terms of spending, staffing, capital investments in the plants. And so the performance is as we would expect. I think the last remaining thing youll see from a NRC standpoint is the return of Grand Gulf to Column 1, using Column 2 at the moment, but we would anticipate that that would happen this year. Other than that, its just a continuation of the plan we should start to see a leveling off of the cost structure there I mean as weve mentioned before, given the fact that weve done the ramp out in staffing and put the processes and procedures in place that we need to keep things on track. So thats kind of  thats been the next thing that youll see publicly as I mentioned. Before I think on the last call, the  we have one more outage at Grand Gulf that would be considered part of the ketchup in terms of investment profile. So, itll be a long outage. Our next outage in 2020 in Grand Gulf will be the final one in terms of getting things back to where they need to be and then its just a continued decline to excellence.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Thats super helpful, Leo. And then maybe, on the operating cash flow, its great to see this significant increase versus 2018, but I guess a part of that is the ADIT. Could you just talk about what portion of that increase was ADIT and what was just overall improvement in cash flow?
Drew Marsh: Hey, Praful. this is Drew. Yes. So, on ADIT, its a little bit around $200 million, I think is the ADIT year-over-year element. And then a little bit of that is pension expense. The rest is continued improvement in our operating cash flow. And you could see that in our  well, youll be able to see that in our three-year outlook on operating cash flow for EEI. It's actually the ADIT piece rolls off. So in, in our three-year outlook, we should be back up over $10 billion when we get to EEI.
Praful Mehta: Got you. And just a quick follow-up on that, which is, its great that the ADIT is rolling off, because I look at the effort for the debt and youre still below your 15% target. So, I just wanted to see how that 15% target flows through over the next year or so once ADIT rolls off.
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, by the end of next year, we should be at that  around that 50% level. And as you looked at the number this year without the  this quarter without the excess ADIT, and it is up actually over 17%. So, we are on track to move towards that target.
Praful Mehta: Okay. Well, thanks so much guys and congrats again.
Leo Denault: thanks, Praful.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Julien.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, perhaps just pick up off of Prafuls last questions here. Can you talk about through the forecast period, given the success that you see in this year in Arkansas, specifically in moderating the pace of just overall bill inflation in O&M, what youre seeing to the forecast period as best you look at your plan today? I just want to understand how sustainable some of the more moderate trajectory overall rate inflation is against your current capital budget. Just want to revisit that in light of the success. And then perhaps, Ill ask the second question at the same time, can you talk a little bit more about CapEx reflected in your outlook around both renewables in light of what AEP in Wind Catcher is doing in Arkansas and prospects to mirror that to any extent and also on  given your peers and MISO, if theres been any change in transmission? I suspect not, but Id figure Id ask. So, a lot to throw at you, but I figured Id get it out all at once.
Drew Marsh: That was a very, very robust question, Julien. Ill go ahead and start, and Ill let others fill in our objective and we believe well continue to meet it has been to keep our bill inflation level consistent with inflation. And as you recall, even last quarter when we  when we were able to come up with some continuous improvement ideas and change our capital plan, the bill path actually went down from where it would have otherwise been. So, we think were going to continue to be able to manage that with the current capital plan that we have going forward. On the  Im not sure, Im going to remember all of these, but I think on the renewables from a CapEx standpoint, we mentioned on the last  on the last call that we still see the need to replace the significant amount of our aging generation and that a portion of that will be gas, a portion of that could be renewables. We outlined a 7,000 to 8,000 megawatt need in a roughly 50/50 gas to renewables standpoint there. Were not really doing anything outside of meeting our own customers needs with the generation that weve got. So  and thats that 2022 to 2030 timeframe. So, thats still, obviously, were adding some scale on the renewable front, but  and their scale economy is obviously first doing it. So, we continue to see that as a part of our resource plan, but its really just part of the resource plan like everything else given the fully integrated nature that we have. as far as transmission and expenditures, nothings really changed in that from the last quarter. I mean Ill open it up to my team to correct me or  and I think I answered all the questions.
Leo Denault: I dont have anything to add.
Drew Marsh: Okay.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Just to clarify quickly, I mean I suppose if I were to summarize what AEP's efforts in Arkansas seem to be with respect to Wind Catcher, its something of an acceleration given the tax credit regime and obviously, theyre focused on wind, depending on the receptivity from the commission and staff around those efforts on the second go around, could we see any pivot and how you guys are approaching the state and some of that resource need in the 2022 through 2030 period in light of the credit situation?
Drew Marsh: Julien, this is drew. So, we are still looking  Leo mentioned that we have 4,000 megawatts that we have in various stages of development and that we are looking at scale and what does that mean to us. and as renewables become a bigger portion of our portfolio, we think that there might be opportunities for us to take scale into consideration and have  and use that as part of a program. I dont know if thats going to take the same path as perhaps AEP is taking. there isnt  Leo mentioned, we want to have renewables near our customers. there isnt a whole lot of wind. there may be  there may be more solar oriented. But we are thinking about that scale opportunity and what that might look like for us as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Fair enough. Ill leave it there. Thank you all very much.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. congratulations, you guys having a great year.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Greg Gordon: A couple of questions. The call earlier today, I know its not your region, but  and you have different industrial drivers that they do, but Southern company was talking about how, they too are seeing a little bit of a slowdown and demand expectations versus their initial forecast. Can you sort of point to anything in particular that youre seeing as it relates to perhaps, global economic conditions, trade war or other things that might be driving things on power demand to the  below your prior guidance range. You give pretty good sensitivities in your  in the appendix of how we should think about those impacts, should they deviate from the forecast. But then again, we also see that youre under earning in Arkansas and there could be improvements there. So, as we think about how you sort of stay inside the skid sort of the high end or the low end of your guidance range through time. how are you adjusting to those conditions?
Drew Marsh: Hi Greg. this is drew. And Ill start and then rod can add in. The first thing I think from our perspective is that the macro fundamentals that we see that have been driving our industrial growth are still very much in place below inputs from an energy perspective, low gas prices, for example, our low power prices, the spreads of natural gas to oil or the spread geographically to Europe or Asia. those still remain very fundamentally sound along with, of course, some of our natural advantages here on the Gulf Coast, the access to the Gulf Coast; access to the river, the ready, willing and able workforce; the strong and supportive communities. All those things continue to be very supportive. And so  and then you take our industrial base it is some of the most modern and competitive in the world, and so we expect it to continue to run back, thats what we have seen for our large industrials this year. Weve seen our refiners, our core alkali facilities, our petrochem facilities continue to perform very well, where weve had challenges, our people that are coming up online. So, we have new construction that is in place or taking place and its just not ramping up as fast as we anticipated. Weve been talking about that for a couple of quarters. In the small industrial space  our small industrial space has been surprisingly strong despite all of the economic headlines except for one area in Arkansas, weve had some agricultural customers, which are seasonally oriented and typically, are pumping a lot of water, we have a lot of floods in the spring and that carried over into the summer and to our three  until this quarter. So, our small industrial sales were down, but that was two thirds of the driver right there. And so we continue to see opportunities in the industrial space and with all the fundamentals still in place. So, Ill turn it over to rod to talk about what we have been seeing.
Rod West: And this is Rod West. Good morning. because of the fundamentals that drew just mentioned and the fact that over the last five years, we have been upskilling and upscaling our commercial and economic capabilities. Were actually engaged with, not only our large existing customers, but we have direct line of sight with the pipeline that were probability waiting to determine how we think about our outlooks from a growth perspective. So today, we have approximately 1000 megawatts of projects that we probability weighted such that were comfortable putting those in the plan. What we dont and we have not yet disclosed, because of where those potential pipeline projects are in the industrial development cycle. We have about four times that 1000 megawatts thats in the potential pipeline, but were tracking that in real time with those  with those prospective companies, who have expressed an interest in locating our service territory, the significant ones being Louisiana and Texas, taking advantage of those macroeconomic advantages that drew just made reference to. But our line of sight gets clearer and clearer as we further refine our outlooks, because weve been successful in upskilling our internal capabilities.
Greg Gordon: Thats fantastic. And then in terms of, you also gave a very good detailed list of all the rate activity and what your earned ROEs look like today, and it does look like, sort of deserve the opportunity to get better outcomes in Arkansas, do you expect the rate activity there should drive better earned returns in the next 12 months to 24 months?
Drew Marsh: Yes, Greg. this is Drew. So, when you look at our sort of trailing 12 months view in Arkansas, and you actually see this in Mississippi as well. last year, we overearned and in the fourth quarter, because of that, we took a charge to get us back down to the allowed return levels in both of those jurisdictions. We havent overearned this year, but we still have the charge. So, you see our ROE than you would normally anticipate in both those jurisdictions. but I guess the short answer to your question is yes, we would anticipate the ability to earn our allowed return in both Arkansas and Mississippi.
Greg Gordon: Thank you, guys.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Sophie Karp: Hey guys, congrats on the quarter. Most of my questions have been answered, so a very detailed discussion on volumes. So, Ill just jump back into the queue. thank you.
Leo Denault: All right. Thanks, Sophie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Shar Pourezza from Guggenheim partners. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourezza: Hey, good morning guys.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourezza: Let me just shift to Texas for a second and maybe, just around Montgomery County and obviously, its progressing really well. Can we just get a sense on how we should think about the recovery i.e., GRC process or using the current rider that was approved? And more or less post Montgomery County, how we should  how we should think about the rider mechanism, because it was obviously approved after you guys came out with the original plan. So, as you guys think about adding additional generation in the rider, is that sort of incremental to your growth prospects?
Rod West: Yes, Shar. Its rod. as we stated in prior conversations, that rider was not going to create an immediate material difference in our outlook. What we talked about was, particularly given the schedule with Montgomery County that we would shape the rate case to the extent that we needed to ensure that the recovery of Montgomery County thats reflected in our existing plan. It was shaped with the timing of that rate case. that said, the rider that was passed, gave us an opportunity as we look beyond Montgomery County to have more contemporaneous rate recovery. from a regulatory process perspective, we still have to have the  remember the legislation only enabled the commission to provide that relief. We still have to go through the process of rulemaking through the PUCT to put that rider in effect and from our vantage point, as we think about the capital plan in Texas. Its we have not yet determine how we wish to time the availability of the rate case as a mechanism and the contemporaneous rulemaking around that rider. We still have to go to the PUCT and candidly, that conversation is ongoing, because there are other parties, who would be a part of that regulatory process. But think about it this way, we would go to the commission to ask for rulemaking that would take advantage of the legislation to put the actual rider in effect for ongoing recovery. So, from a timing standpoint, we dont want to set an expectation that theres just immediate upside. So, well be shaping the rate case and the regulatory process around that rider as we make the capital plan for Texas in the generation space a little more clear. So, therell be more on that, but its not something immediate and I dont want to set that expectation.
Leo Denault: In terms of Shar, driving future capital, I mean the resource plan will be with the resource plan will be, I mean, thats the dynamic of our business across all the generation types is that weve got that aging fleet that needs to be refurbished and weve been doing that for over 10 years. And if you look them back in time, since we started our portfolio transformation, weve added and deactivated roughly equal amounts of capacity and well continue to do that going forward. Obviously, with the regulatory mechanisms do is provide them an opportunity for there, be more certainty for our customers and for our investors in terms of us having the financial flexibility to make sure that we continue to make those investments. Same goes with the  on the renewable front, they will be part of the resource plan to meet the needs our customers have. Were not doing them outside of that customer base to meet any other needs. So, the regulatory process isnt going to drive a need for a new power plant, for example, that it will provide a lot of certainty around the financial flexibility we have to invest in those power plants.
Shar Pourezza: Got it. And minimum, I guess, improved some of the regulatory lag. Okay. Just  and Im sure Drew is going to be excited to talk about this at EEI. but just maybe, just a little preclude as far as you know, equity needs. And do you  I guess, do you envision seeing a change from what you prior disclosure around equity being somewhere between 5% to 10% of your CapEx needs post 2020. Do you see that at all changing?
Drew Marsh: Hey, Shar. This is Drew. We dont anticipate any changes to that outlook from an equity needs perspective and it still remains the same as it was at our Analyst Day a little over a year ago, and those needs wouldnt kick in until 2021 and beyond.
Shar Pourezza: Terrific guys and congrats today. congrats.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, Im showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to David Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Gigi, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 11 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statement in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergys Investor Relations website called regulatory and other information, which provides key updates on regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Borde: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We had a productive quarter and today we are reporting adjusted earnings of a $1.35 per share. Drew will go over the details, but the bottom line is that these are strong results that keep us firmly on track to achieve our 2019 guidance. With our success over the past three years and our confidence in our strategy going forward, I'm pleased to announce that we are increasing our three-year investment plan for the benefit of our customers. As a result, we are also raising our earnings outlook midpoints in 2020 and 2021, narrowing our guidance and outlook ranges and providing clarity on our dividend with an expectation to align the dividend growth rate with our earnings growth rate by the end of 2021. This is possible because we were finding ways to optimize our operating costs through automation and other continuous improvement efforts. With this new plan, we are investing to enhance our level of service and the lower O&M creates head room to help us manage the effects on our customer's bills. Today, we're a world class utility with a proven track record of successful execution, a solid investment plan, and an outlook that will deliver their earnings and dividend growth that investors expect of a premier utility. Beyond our three-year horizon, we see no shortage of investment opportunities to benefit our customers and maintain our growth aspirations well into the future. For example, we currently plan to add 7,000 to 8,000 megawatts of new generation from 2022 through 2030. This is necessary to continue to modernize our infrastructure, serve load growth, and achieve our environmental commitments. We anticipate that up to half of this new generation would be renewables, primarily solar with the balance being highly efficient gas generation. While the specifics could change as technology and economics evolve, of course we'll work with our regulators and other stakeholders to determine the best strategy to meet customer needs for reliability and affordable bills while achieving our sustainability goals. We will also continue to invest in transmission infrastructure to integrate new generation technology, connect new customers, enable future economic development and enhanced system reliability, efficiency, and resiliency. We believe that our largest opportunity for long-term growth is in distribution. We are already making major investments in AMI, enterprise asset management systems, workforce management systems, customer relationship management systems, a new and improved customer engagement portal, distribution automation, distribution and outage management systems and geospatial information systems. Beyond these initiatives, we expect to invest in technologies to harden our grid and enable the optimization of distributed resources like residential and utility scale solar, battery storage, backup generators, micro grids, and electric vehicle infrastructure. This is our expectation today, but ultimately our final resource decisions will be informed by many factors, including our customer's evolving preferences and expectations. As a vertically integrated utility, we are agnostic to the specific solution, whether generation, transmission or distribution, as long as it's the best solution. As a result, we see sufficient customer centric investment opportunities to enable us to continue to achieve our current rate base growth beyond 2021. Physical assets aren't the only things that matter. We're also investing in our employees. We've created an innovation hub to help us lead and a rapidly evolving industry and help us develop solutions to address customer needs. We're also enhancing our leadership training to give our employees the tools to lead their organizations through the changes ahead. Organizational health in diversity and belonging efforts are also integral to our success. These programs will ensure that our employees will grow as the Company grows. With our increased earnings outlooks, clarity on our dividend growth and excellent prospects for continued growth. We are as excited about our future as we have ever been. We achieve our success one step at a time and this quarter is a continuation of our journey. In May, we completed the St. Charles Power Station. This modern CCGT went into service ahead of schedule and on budget. It will supply reliable, clean energy to Louisiana's customers to help support the growth the state is experiencing. In Mississippi, we are wrapping up due diligence for the Choctaw acquisition. We're on a path to resolve the mechanical issue identified earlier this year and we plan to close the transaction by year-end or early next year. On the renewables front, we've had several developments. In New Orleans, we received approval from the city council to proceed with the 90 megawatt solar portfolio previously proposed. Entergy New Orleans is also piloting a new program that puts solar panels on low income customer's homes. Through partnerships with local vendors, we will install a rooftop solar system at no cost to the customers and give them a credit on monthly bills In Arkansas, we're partnering with commercial and industrial customers to meet their energy and sustainability goals. We are offering a community solar tariff to allow them to subscribe to blocks of solar resources. For our customers, this is a cost effective way to meet their renewable energy goals without them having to make an upfront capital investment. These are just some of the innovative programs we are implementing to deliver renewable energy solutions. We will continue to engage with our regulators and stakeholders to expand the use of renewables under a framework, which ensures that we build the most economic system, balancing reliability, price and sustainability. In Texas, two large transmission projects including Phase I of the western region economic transmission line were placed into service. These assets will help Entergy Texas and support growth in that area. We're also making significant distribution investments over the next three years with the emergence of new technologies. We continue to install the advanced meters with plans for one million new meters in 2019. We also deployed the first release of salesforce capabilities to our call centers. This is part of a larger effort to build a new website with mobile functionality, a customer relationship management system and interactive voice response to transform our customer experience. We benefited from constructive collaborative relationships with our regulators and progressive regulatory constructs. They give us the opportunity to align cost recovery with when our customers receive the benefits. Our regulatory frameworks provide clarity to our plan and give us confidence in our financial commitments. We continue to make strides in this area. In May, Texas and acted legislation empowering the public utility commission to allow for faster recovery of generation investments. This legislation is a step in the right direction and will help us earn closer to our allowed return. More timely recovery will help us create value for our stakeholders in Texas and ensure that the communities we serve remain economically competitive. Also in the quarter, Entergy Mississippi received approval of its annual formula rate plan filing and we submitted annual FRP filings in Louisiana and Arkansas. Our request in Arkansas was for a rate change of $15 million, less than 1% of total revenue well below the 4% cap. This includes placing approximately $700 million of new assets into service in 2020 for the benefit of our customers. As many of you know, Hurricane Barry made landfall in our service area earlier this month. The storm created significant flooding and accessibility issues, but thankfully we did not see extensive and widespread damage to our system. We activated our emergency response plans and we were fully prepared for the event and as always our employees stepped up. We'd also like to thank our neighboring utilities that provided mutual assistance to help us get our customers back online as quickly and safely as possible. Mutual assistance is a hallmark of our industry. We are proud that once again, the Edison Electric Institute has awarded Entergy with its emergency assistance award for the Company's outstanding power restoration efforts. At EWC, all of the pieces are now in place to fully exit the merchant business and we continue to systematically reduce risks. We have commercial agreements to sell the last three nuclear assets to a counterparty that the NRC has already approved in a similar transaction. We are proud to have led the industry in the unprecedented strategy to sell non-operating nuclear assets. The strategy that fully transfers the plants decommissioning liability to the new owners, while accelerating the decommissioning timeline. As we predicted, this market has grown in a short period of time. As three operators have announced plans with three different buyers. We're becoming a better, stronger company and a premier regulated utility creating sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. The fundamentals of our business are strong as reflected by the increase in our earnings outlooks supported by a robust capital plan. We're expecting 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth off of our 2019 guidance. And by the end of 2021 we expect to increase our dividend growth rate to align with our earnings growth. We have among the lowest retail rates in the country; we operate in a region that benefits from strong industrial growth. We are an industry leader in critical of sustainability. We are making significant investments in our system and our culture to benefit customers and our aspirations for our customers are aligned with their evolving expectations as well as the goals of our regulators. These are just some of the reasons why Entergy is a compelling long-term investment today. This is the foundation on which we will grow innovate and expand our investment profile to continue to deliver on our commitments tomorrow. We are excited about our future. I will now turn the call over to Drew to provide more detail on our results, our expectations for 2019 and our updated outlooks.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As you heard from Leo, we had another productive quarter with good results and we are firmly on track to meet our full-year guidance. With our updated capital investment profile and cost expectations, we are raising our earnings outlook midpoints in 2020 and 2021. In addition, we are narrowing our guidance in outlook ranges. I'll provide details on these changes and more. But first, let's turn to the quarter. You can see on Slide 4, on a per share basis, Entergy adjusted earnings were $1.35, $0.07 lower than second quarter 2018, including the effects of dilution. Turning into the utility on Slide 5, rate actions in Arkansas, the Louisiana and Texas contributed positively to the quarters results. Also, last year's results included regulatory charges to return the benefits of the lower federal tax rate to customers. Partially offsetting these increases were lower sales volume and the unbilled period and the effects of weather which was less favorable this quarter compared to one year-ago. Regarding industrial sales, we experienced higher customer unplanned outages, fewer cogent customer outages and then usually wet weather in Arkansas leading to low sales to agriculture customers. The fundamentals that support the industrial customers and our region remains strong and our long-term industrial sales outlook remains intact. Other drivers for the quarters results included higher non-fuel O&M due largely to higher plans spending on nuclear operations, information technology and initiatives to explore new customer products and services. Drivers related to our growth such as hired appreciating depreciation expense including the St. Charles Power Station, which came online at the end of May. And lastly, the higher share count affected this quarter's results on a per year basis. Looking at EWC second quarter results on Slide 6. As reported earnings were $0.18 higher than the prior year. The key drivers were lower impairment charges at the merchant nuclear plants and strong market performance in the quarter for EWC nuclear decommissioning trust funds. Partially offsetting the increase was lower revenue due to the shutdown of Pilgrim as well as tax benefit in second quarter of 2018. Looking forward, we still expect EWC to provide slightly positive net cash to parent from 2019 through 2022. Leo mentioned that we continue to systematically reduce risk as we complete our exit from EWC. Entergy sales are 94% hedged. At any point our sale agreement does not require minimum level of funding and the nuclear decommissioning trust as a condition to close. Trust now only has 25% equity investment and had a 5% return we should not expect to have to make any contributions to close the transaction. Pilgrim shutdown at the end of May and it's trust is essentially in cash. And finally, as a reminder, our strategy to sell non-operating nuclear assets fully transfers the plant's decommissioning liability to the new owners. As a result, they significantly reduced our risk associated with revenue operating capital market and decommissioning activities for EWC as we finalize our exit from that business. Moving to operating cash flow on Slide 7, for the quarter was $552 million, a $29 million increase from a year-ago. The change was driven by a lower amount of unprotected excess ADIT returned to customers. Lower fueling outage costs and lower ARO spending at EWC. Partially offsetting were higher severance and retention payments at EWC. Turning to our guidance and outlook on Slide 8. Today, we continue to see results coming in around the midpoint for 2019. In addition, we are raising the financial outlook midpoints for 2020 and 2021. The updated outlook is driven by $750 million of incremental investments through 2021 that improve reliability and customer engagement. These investments are centered on themes that we have discussed, namely updating distribution, transmission and generation infrastructure to drive improved reliability as well as new products and services for our customers. However important goal as far our rates remain among the lowest in the nation for investor owned utilities. To that end, we're working to optimize our operating costs and part by leveraging innovation, automation, grid modernization, and other new technologies to drive efficiency and productivity in our business processes. We expect O&M to be about $2.65 billion in 2020, 2021, the goal to offset inflation in our business on an ongoing basis. The combination of the incremental investments and cost discipline will improve our level of service to our customers while continuing to manage build growth at or below inflation. The benefits of these efforts are not just limited to our customers. Our employees will have the opportunity to develop new skills, broaden their professional expertise and leverage technology to work more productively. Our communities we'll see economic development and we'll benefit from better service and improved reliability. And our investors will see improved earnings per share growth and improved confidence in our expectations. We previously communicated our targeted our adjusted EPS growth at 5% to 7% and that remains our expectation. The new midpoints reflect a 6% growth rate off of 2019 midpoint. Additionally, we have narrowed our guidance and outlook ranges by $0.10 and we could narrow them further in future years as we continue to execute on our strategy and deliver on our commitments. Providing steady predictable growth is fundamental to our strategy and this includes our dividends. Our goal is to align our dividend growth rate with our EPS growth rate of 5% to 7%. And the key variable to determine that is our capital plan. Given our updated capital plan, we expect to achieve our alignment objective in the fourth quarter of 2021. Weve discussed this dividend plan with our board and they support our goal and timing. As you know, dividends are quarterly decisions made by the board and this one will be made at that time. These collective updates reflect the evolution of our business to our premier regulated utility. The success we've had in executing our strategy over the past three years gives us confidence in our ability to deliver on our ongoing plan. Turning to credit on Slide 9, our parents at the total debt has further improved in 19.4%. Largely due to the settlement of the remainder of the equity ford in May, our FFO to debt is 11.8%. This includes the effect of returning approximately $650 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers. Excluding this give back and certain items related to our exit of EWC FFO to debt would be 15.8%. While some things that on our plan have changed, several critical credit elements have not. We expect cash flows to continue to improve beginning next quarter and throughout the remainder of the year. And the amount of unprotected excess ADIT returns to customers as the amount of unprotected excess ADIT return to customers declined. Our equity financing framework remains the same as it was at our Analyst Day last year and we remain committed to our targets of add or above 15% per FFO to debt by 2020 and below 25% for parent debt to total debt as well as maintaining our investment grade profile. We had another productive quarter with good results and we continue to execute on our plan to deliver steady predictable growth and earnings and dividends through customer centric investment. The improvements we are making today are a natural continuation of the evolution underway for some time. They are reflected in the alignment toward customer outcomes, our focus on customer bill, development of new investment opportunities, and updated earnings outlook, tighter outlook ranges and dividend path clarity. As Leo mentioned, the fundamentals of our business are strong and we're well positioned for continued value creation. We are world-class utility working for the benefit of all four of our key stakeholders. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Praful Mehta of Citi. Your line is now open. 
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. Great call and sounds like everything's going really well at the Entergy. So I guess my first question with the increased guidance, it sounds like you are still maintaining within the 5 to 7, but Leo, as you talked about this significant incremental investment opportunity that you see including the 7,000 megawatts you talked about. What are the other levers you see that could potentially increase, if not through 2021, but beyond in terms of the growth opportunities you see at the utility side? 
Leo Denault: Praful, from an investment standpoint if you can go back to our last Analysts Day even we were talking about the number of things that we can do not only to upgrade the technology associated with our generating fleet technology and signup new load, attach new generation the transmission pride, but also a significant amount of distribution energy resources, technological advancements that we can make. Those are the types of things that we're still looking at. Nothing that we're talking about today. Nothing that enters the plan are outside of the balance with the sorts of things that we've been talking about for some time with all of you, and certainly working on for even longer internally to the company. As we looked at it, as we've always said, what we're always balancing every day, every decision we make is because that three pronged outcomes that we need for our customers, one it has to improve the level of service that we provide them and two, we have to do it to manage their bills. That managing the bills is the governor in terms of how much we can spend on upgrading the reliability of the system. We've got to balance that. And then obviously the sustainability objectives that we end our customers and all of you as investors have. So it is more of the same in terms of what we have to do to be looking at to upgrade that system. The 7,000 to 8,000 megawatts of generation, that's a continuation of what we've been doing and that is modernizing the fleet to lower O&M lower fuel cost, improve emissions across the board as we look to deactivate 40 and 50 year old units and replaced them with new capacity. So if you look at our system, we used to put out that histogram of the age of our fleet. We still have some older units some of what we're spending the money on right now. Some of those new dollars are actually to go into some of those legacy gas units to make sure they continue to operate reliably while they get into queue to be replaced by the newer stuff. So it's nothing new. It's nothing that we haven't been talking about before. It's really just the focus on making sure that we balance those three objectives. We want to make sure that we improve the level of service, maintain some of the lowest rates in the country, work on the customer's bills, keep them below the level inflation while we continue to improve our sustainability footprint. But importantly, as I mentioned, the sustainability of our customers that's very important to them as well.
Praful Mehta: Well that's super helpful. Leo, thank you for that. And then maybe just quickly switching to the Nuclear Operations side, I wanted to understand any more color on the ANO outage. It seems to be delayed to just any color on what's going on there? And when that would be back online would be helpful?
Rod West: Good morning, Praful. It's Rod. We're pleased to report for our customers that ANO is in fact back online and sync to the grid, I believe beginning on Monday. And so that that's moving forward, so that's progress for us.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. Anything specific Rod, that increased the delay?
Rod West: The significance was the reactor cooling promoter that that failed and it's a highly specialized equipment that you can't buy off the shelf. And we have tested that equipment during the outage in 2018 and it passed all the tests and the fact that it failed was anomalous for us, but at the end of the day, it takes a long time to replace and repair on that that motor, and that was the cause of the delay and nothing more. And so we're happy that it's back online.
Praful Mehta: All right. Thanks, Rod, and thank you, guys.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Praful.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Julien.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So perhaps just to come back to this cost question. Can you elaborate a little bit on how you're thinking about the cost benefits flowing back to customers? Obviously, you just filed an FRP in Arkansas, which reflected less rate inflation in past years. Is some of the O&M that your reductions already in place or is this more prospective and should that kind of limit the inflation here for Arkansas for next years FRP as well? And then maybe just the nuance here, should we expect some transient benefits? Or is this largely given the annualized nature of all these filings going to flow pretty simultaneously back to customers?
Andrew Marsh: Julien, this is Drew. So in terms of the flow back to customers, we would expect that pretty much all of it, we flow back to customers. In the course of time as you're noting, depending on the jurisdiction, some would float back to customers faster than others. And I think that's actually a critical piece of the overall strategy here because we are aiming to manage our customer's bills. And by doing that, we are creating space in the bill for incremental capital investment to improve reliability. And I think there's  we don't have it in the main slides, but there's an appendix slide, I think it's like a Slide 38 or so that talks about how our earnings are expected to change a while it's happens. You'll notice that net revenue line doesn't really move all that much. And O&M line is  that's creating that space for us. So we would expect that that would flow back to customers, because we're not, we're not anticipating their bills really moving at all as a result of this incremental capital. In terms of some of the O&M, and the progress that we've made, I think the answer is yes. We have made some progress this year. That's part of what gives us confidence that we can execute on this going forward. And I don't know if all of it is in rates today. But it will get into rates very quickly. This year as you know, we're using it to offset some of the negative weather that we had in the first quarter, plus I've mentioned in my remarks, industrial sales growth was a little bit below our expectations year-to-date. But it would be fine long-term, but in the meantime we need to make sure that we are managing to hit our expectations for this year. So some of that is happening now as part of what gives us confidence going forward and it should all flow back into rates.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Just on the CapEx budget, a little bit more further elaboration, some of it seems like with distribution as well. And then also just what does the Texas legislation mean for you guys from a CapEx perspective and is that reflected as well?
Andrew Marsh: Well, I'll take the capital and then I'll let Rob answer the regulation piece of it. From a capital perspective, yes, a good chunk of it is in distribution, as you noted. And as Leo mentioned in his remarks and his answer to Praful's question, it's a lot of what we have been doing. Not all of it is  some of it is putting in new smart equipment and stuff like that that can communicate with our network. But a lot of it is just replacing poles and cross arms and transformers that are  that need frankly, just need to be updated, and so that's on the distribution front. On the transmission side, there is quite a bit of economic developments along the corridor between New Orleans and Baton Rouge. That's prompting new reliability investment opportunities for us from a transmission perspective. That frankly we weren't planning at the beginning of the year, front mainly along the west side of the Mississippi River. And then we have a lot of customer products and services investment that we're making as Leo alluded to in his script. So those are some of the main kinds of investment opportunities that we're looking at in terms of this near-term incremental capital. And I'll turn that over to Rod for the regulatory question.
Rod West: Yes. And the benefit of the generation rider legislation in Texas is really reducing lag for purposes of the CapEx that we have in the plan for Texas. So but it's remember it's an enabling legislation that gives the Texas Commission, the opportunity to provide a more efficient regulatory recovery, predominantly for those generation investments that Drew made reference to. So it's a risk reduction and the lag reduction opportunity for us as Drew, I believe stated and Leo in his statement to align the recovery mechanisms with the timing of our investments and benefits to customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you very much.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Julien.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Sophie Karp: Just maybe the follow-up on Texas. So as the commission moves on and alliance sort of legislative intent with the actual recovery mechanisms? Is there any potential further upside to your CapEx plans in Texas?
Rod Wes: I think the potential for upside has to do with our ability to manage the cost associated with service delivery. The capital plan we have for Texas is pretty straight forward and we think set. But pulling the levers that Leo and Andrew mentioned a little earlier provides us an opportunity to move closer to our aloud and as I just mentioned the Texas Commission having tools to help us reduce lag as well. You have the opportunity to do that as well.
Sophie Karp: Right. Thank you. And then I know it's some time all the activity on the FERC docket. But I guess what is your range of expectations with what happens there? With respect to Siri?
Leo Denault: That's true. And I'll tackle that one. So they're in material updates right now. It continues to be going through the process at FERC. And in terms of our expectations as we said for a while, we have a reserve on our ROE and then for whatever the outcome maybe there, based on our expectations, and then the other elements of the various complaints there are reflected in the outlook that we put out today. So there's no  all of the expectations that we have are reflected in fourth series outcomes are reflected in our outlook.
Sophie Karp: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Charles Fishman of MorningStar Research. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Good morning. Leo, in your comments about the 7,000 megawatts to 2023, does that include the four plants under construction and the one in Choctaw?
Leo Denault: It does not. The 7,000 to 8,000 megawatts that we're talking about is 2022 through 2030. And as I mentioned, probably be roughly half renewables and half gas. As we look at it today, obviously subject to what happens technologically and cost wise to the construction of those different facilities. But again, that 7,000 to 8,000 new megawatts.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So I realize it's not a long time, but is that still being driven by the industrial load?
Leo Denault: It's still being driven by the need to technologically improve the system. So if you remember, Charles, we've been going through this portfolio transformation with our generation fleet, given the age and the vintage of those facilities which served us really well, but when they started pushing 40-plus years of age, the new plants efficiency, the O&M levels, emission levels, and then obviously the fact that they're starting brand new life that overtakes what the maintenance of those older plants would be. So for example, the St. Charles plant, over the life of a plant that's going to benefit our customers by $1.3 billion given the lower production costs associated with that plant vis-a-vis what's on our system today and in the market. So that's really the continuation. The load growth obviously is important, but in large part what that does is keeps the price point down for our customers as well.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And since I'm the last questioner, I going to take the liberty of asking one more. On dividend increase, I understood the 2021 review will be reviewed by the board later this year in the fourth quarter? I'm assuming it's going to stick to that fourth quarter schedule as well as 2020. Do you anticipate like similar 2% to 3% increases until then? Are you weren't saying it's going to be no increases until fourth quarter at 2021? Is my assumption correct?
Leo Denault: We were not saying it would be no increase that you're correct. We will take the dividend up every year as it always does. We were just signaling, because we've had this objective that we've stated for a while that we want to have our dividend growth match our earnings growth. And as you point out for the last few years, it's been lagging earnings growth. We believe that we'll be at a point in time by the fourth quarter of 2021 to put those in line with our expectation of earnings growth.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks for the clarification. That's all I had.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Charles.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have a question from Neil Kalton of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Neil Kalton: Hi, guys. I'm sorry. I jumped in last minute, but quick question and I apologize if I've missed this. With the new CapEx flowing in, have you discussed sort of incremental equity needs or how we should think about that over the next few years?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Neil. This is Drew. So in my remarks, I mentioned that our equity expectations are exactly as they were at Analyst Day. So it's not until  we won't have any need for equity until after 2020, sometime 2021 or beyond. And that expectation is around 5% to 10% of our overall capital needs  that before.
Neil Kalton: Yes. Okay, and should we think about that likely being that that rule of thumb holding true as well in 2022 and 2023 based on what you're seeing right now?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, I think kind of looking out on a long-term basis, yes.
Neil Kalton: All right, perfect. Thank you
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Neil.
Operator: Thank you. And Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to David Borde for any closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Sonia, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our Annual Report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a webpage as part of Entergy's Investor Relations in website on regulatory and other information, which provides key updates, regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Entergy First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault. And then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We had a productive start to the year and today, we are reporting first quarter adjusted earnings of $0.82 per share. While weather was a headwind, we remain firmly on track to achieve our full year guidance, and our longer term outlooks. We checked off every first quarter key deliverable and we added an important new milestone. We announced our agreement for a post shutdown sale of Indian Point to Holtec International. With this announcement, we now have definitive agreements to sell all of EWC's remaining nuclear assets. We will shut down program this month and we plan to close on the sale of that plant by the end of the year. We will then shut down Indian Point unit 2 next year and unit 3 in 2021. The sale of all Indian Point units is expected to close in the third quarter of 2021 and we expect to complete the Palisades transaction after it's shutdown in 2022. The sales of these plants are important, not only do they secure our orderly exit from the merchant business, but they do so in a way that benefits stakeholders by accelerating the decommissioning timeline, drawing on industry leading decommissioning and segregation expertise and experience and laying the foundation for future business development opportunities in the regions. We are grateful to our nuclear teams who remain focused on finishing strong with safe and secure operations. Our Pilgrim employees are a shining example of this hard work, commitment and dedication. In March, Pilgrim returned to normal baseline oversight by the NRC moving to Column 1 in agencies reactor oversight program. Over the last two years Pilgrim's 600 employees exhibited professionalism and pride resulting in this important milestone for our organization. At the utility business, we also executed on key deliverables in the quarter. We continue to pursue our commitment to renewable resources and two of our operating companies, Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas have each issued requests for proposals for 200 megawatts of solar resources. Entergy Arkansas also announced plans for a 100 megawatt solar facility. This project pending approval by the Arkansas Public Service Commission will be the largest utility owned solar facility in the state and the first to feature battery storage. The facility is expected to be in service by 2021. We are pleased with the progress we continue to make on developing renewable projects as they are an important resource beyond their obvious environmental attributes. They can provide cost-effective energy supply, fuel diversity and advance the adoption of distributed energy solutions for our customers. We currently have just over 230 megawatts of renewable resources in service including hydro, solar and biomass technologies. We also have 185 megawatts of new solar projects that have been approved and are moving forward, just under 300 megawatts that are pending regulatory approval and the 400 megawatt that I mentioned from Arkansas and Texas RFPs. And as the economics and performance of renewable resources continue to improve, we will engage with our regulators and stakeholders to expand their use across our service area. In January, we began installment of the first automated meters. Over the next three years, we will install approximately three million automated meters across our jurisdictions, with plans to activate one million new meters in 2019. The new meters will benefit our customers with faster outage identification, enhanced customer service and cost savings. Additionally, these meters will provide us with the tools to help our customers manage their energy usage and lower their bills. And we will recycle the old meters after removal. It will be sustainably dismantled yielding copper and aluminum scrap that can be recycled. Our new build CCGT projects remain on budget and on schedule. After a little over two years of construction, St. Charles power station is in its final commissioning phase and that plant is expected to be placed in service this quarter. Construction activity at the New Orleans power station kicked into high gear after the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality issued its clean air permit. The plant will be a much needed local resource of modern natural gas generated power for residents and businesses. In Mississippi, we continue to work through the chalked out generating station acquisition to ensure that the plant is a good value for our customers. Our due diligence has identified a potential mechanical issue that may need to be addressed prior to closing. There is a possibility that closing may be delayed to allow time to resolve the issue. We will know more in the coming weeks and we'll provide an update on our next earnings call. At this point, we do not foresee a delay that will have a material financial impact. These are just a few examples of the investments we are making in our efficient and sustainable power system for the benefit of our customers. We kicked off 2019's base rate filings with Entergy Mississippi's annual FRP, which was submitted on March 15th. We are working through that process and expect new rates to be effective in June. We are also preparing to file our annual FRPs in Louisiana and Arkansas later this year. Our New Orleans rate case is ongoing and we remain on track to have new rates effective this summer and we've requested a formula rate plan to take effect next year. In addition, proposed legislation in Texas could help reduce regulatory lag on generation investment in that jurisdiction. The legislation passed the House, it was also passed by the Senate business and Commerce Committee and it will now be considered by the full Senate. If signed into law, the legislation would allow the commission to approve a rider to recover reasonable and necessary generation investment which would be more timely and less burdensome than a base rate case filing. This legislation is consistent with our desire to align regulatory structures with customer benefits. Three of our five jurisdictions, which generate approximately 80% of the utility's revenue have annual formula rate plan mechanisms. These, combined with other constructs, will allow for timely recovery of investments which benefit customers, provide clarity to our plans and solidify the financial commitments we've made to provide steady predictable growth in earnings and dividends. At Entergy, our people are critical to our success. Our employees make it possible to implement our strategy and achieve our objectives. Acquiring, retaining and developing the talent we need to meet today's business needs and to prepare for the workplace of tomorrow are important. As part of our employee focus, we are proud to promote supportive work environments for members of the National Guard and Reserve. In recognition of this, we won the 2019 Pro Patria Award from the Department of Defense and we were a semifinalist for the 2019 Freedom Award. Entergy is also committed to supporting businesses in the communities we serve. The Women's Business Enterprise National Council, recognized our efforts and once again presented the prestigious America's Top Corporations for Women's Business Enterprises award to Entergy. The national award recognizes companies with world-class diversity and inclusion programs that enable growth and innovation while breaking down barriers for women owned businesses. These awards are good validation of our mission to create value for all of our stakeholders, customers, employees, communities and owners. We recently released our annual integrated report titled, When Does One Equal More. It illustrates how our efforts to serve the needs of each stakeholder creates value for all. Our reported outlines how the emergence of new technologies enable us to build more individualized relationships with our customers and partner with them on solutions that make their lives better, and help providing opportunities for our employees to adopt new skill sets to effectively implement manage new technologies will drive transformative change. Entergy is also recognized as an industry leader for taking action to address climate issues. In 2001, we were the first U.S. electric utility to commit voluntarily to stabilizing greenhouse gas emissions. In 2005, we upped that commitment to capping our carbon dioxide emissions at 20% below year 2000 levels through the year 2010. Then in 2011, we extended that commitment through 2020. Even though, Entergy's carbon dioxide emissions rate continues to be one of the lowest among our peers, the broad consensus of current scientific data on climate change indicates that as an industry we must do more to reduce our footprint and that of our customers and communities. Entergy sees this not as a choice, but as a responsibility and an opportunity. That is why, in addition to our integrated report, we also released our climate scenario analysis and evaluation of risks and opportunities. This report outlines our role in meeting the worldwide imperative to reduce risk that's posed by climate change and announces a new greenhouse gas emissions goal to reduce our CO2 emissions rate to 15% below year 2000 levels by 2030. That means that for every unit of electricity we generate in 2030, we will emit half the carbon dioxide we did in 2000. Entergy's leadership and sustainability and social responsibility makes us a successful Fortune 500 company with a conscience. Our actions and commitments to sustainability position us to effectively benefit our stakeholders today, while securing a bright tomorrow. For the first quarter of 2019 we continue on track of steady successful execution of our strategy. And 2019 will be another successful year for us. Our operating and financial positions are solid, and our strategic direction is clear. We are an industry leader in critical measures of sustainability. We have among the lowest retail rates in the country and we operate one of the cleanest large scale fleets in the United States. We also benefit from strong industrial growth within our service territory. We invest in our employees, in our communities and our strategy is aligned with the goals of our regulators. This is what makes Entergy a compelling long-term investment. And this is the foundation from which we will continue to grow and innovate for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will provide more detail on our first quarter financial results.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo said, the first quarter was a productive start to the year and we are firmly on track to meet our full year guidance and longer-term outlook. Today, we are officially starting to report earnings using our simpler Entergy adjusted earnings measure, to better reflect the nature of our business going forward and our materials and disclosures are more streamlined as a result. Let's now turn to the numbers. As you can see on Slide four, on a per share basis. Entergy adjusted earnings were largely flat quarter-over-quarter. Turning to Slide five, results of the utility are straightforward. Net revenue increased primarily from the effective rate activity in Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas. Although the enactment of tax reform, last year's results included regulatory charges, return the benefits, the lower federal tax rates to customers. And that lower tax rate is now reflected in customer bills. Partially offsetting was lower volume due to the effects of weather, which was unfavorable this quarter compared to one year ago. Finally, a higher share count affected this quarter's results on a per share basis. EWC's first quarter results are summarized on Slide six. And as a reminder, EWC is now excluded from our Entergy adjusted measure. As reported earnings were $0.60 higher than the prior year. The key driver was strong market performance on the quarter for EWC's nuclear decommissioning trust funds. A tax item, which resulted from the sale of Vermont Yankee partly offset the increase. Before leaving EWC, I'd like to affirm that after accounting for the transaction costs for Indian Point, we still expect EWC to provide slightly positive net cash to parent from 2019 through 2022. Slide seven shows operating cash flow for the quarter of $501 million, a $56 million decrease from a year ago. The change was driven by the return of approximately $100 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers as well as the effect of unfavorable weather. Lower pension contribution partially offset the decrease. We are affirming our 2019 earnings guidance and financial outlooks, which are summarized on Slide eight. As I mentioned, we experienced unfavorable weather in the quarter. Nevertheless, we remain on track to come in around the midpoint of our 2019 guidance. Our credit metrics are shown on Slide 10, apparent as the total debt has improved to 21.7%. This was largely due to the settlement of a portion of the equity forward in December. Our FFO to debt is 11.1%, this includes the effects of returning $692 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers. Excluding this give back, and certain items related to our exit of EWC, FFO to debt would be 13%. We expect cash flow to improve as soon as next quarter and throughout the remainder of the year assuming normal weather. We remain committed to our targeted ranges of at or above 15% for FFO to debt at 2020 and below 25% prepared at the total debt, as well as maintaining our investment grade profile. We had a productive first quarter and we see 2019 as another successful year. The foundations in place for us to meet our financial commitments to deliver steady predictable growth in earnings and dividends through customer centric investments. As Leo mentioned, our operating and financial positions are solid and our strategic direction is clear. We're continuing our mission to create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders and look forward to the opportunities ahead. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning Praful. How are you doing?
Praful Mehta: Good morning. So, I guess, first question on the earnings guide for 2019, it looks like you reduced the O&M expectation for the full year from $0.30 to $0.20. Is that -- firstly is that helping maintain your earnings guide and what's helping keep that or bring that O&M down from the original $0.30 resumption to now the $0.20?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Praful, this is Drew. That is helping us to maintain and among a couple of other things, that includes some efficiencies we found early in the year, our good operations have led to some rebates for insurance premiums. A little bit of it is timing into other periods like 2020. But, it's not enough to change in the expectations out there and we've also seen some offsets in other areas like interest expense. We had a very active quarter, in $1.5 billion of refinancing and new money issuances and since interest rates were lower we were able to capture some of that versus our previous expectation. So the combination of all those things are what's helping us maintain our expectations for the year.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That's helpful. Thanks, Drew. And then secondly on the operating cash flow drop which is significant, but it sounds like it's primarily driven by the ADIT which it seems like you front-loaded, even within the year, is that fair in terms of understanding how the ADIT will be paid out in 2019?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's correct. That's a 12-month kind of view. And so we would see, I am talking on top of the FFO kind of measures would be a 12-month kind of view. We do see it continue to trend down over the course of the year both on the 12 month rolling bit and in the quarters and you see our operating cash flow continue to improve over the course of the year. We are about 70% done with the return of the cash, so far, to our customers.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That's super helpful. And then finally, congrats on Indian Point. Just wanted to clarify, is it fair to understand that the decommissioning trust risk or the performance of the decommissioning trust risk is now primarily in the hands of the buyer where if there is any underperformance it won't really impact the transaction economics?
Andrew Marsh: That's correct.
Praful Mehta: Okay, great, thanks so much guys.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Praful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski: I wanted to ask a longer-term question. So you mentioned that you might increase renewal part spending if the economics of wind and solar assets improve. I mean given some set of tax subsidies so those wouldn't be -- wouldn't you consider actually accelerating some of the CapEx?
Leo Denault: I'm sorry, the connection wasn't good enough for us to catch that.
Angie Storozynski: Can you hear me now.
Leo Denault: Yes, sounds a little better yes.
Angie Storozynski: I'm sorry, I was just wondering about your regulated renewable power CapEx, you mentioned that some of your jurisdictions might consider more renewable spending going forward once the renewables become more economic, but given that there is some sort of some of the tax subsidies wouldn't do you consider actually potentially accelerating this CapEx?
Leo Denault: I'm not sure really that we would see any acceleration in those, most of these projects will be showing up at the end of the plan in the 2021 and beyond timeframe and really wouldn't see us accelerating it much. We've got to work into this. So the resource plan where they make economic sense and serve the right purpose for the grid. So as the prices come down and as the technology continues to evolve, which we fully expected to do we should see it playing a bigger role in the resource plan as it competes well with other resources for the type of operational characteristics that they have.
Andrew Marsh: And Ill just add, NCR, our low cost rates, make it a little less economic for some of these projects and of course we still have to go through the regulatory process that associated with each of these transactions. And so I think we're going at a pretty good clip, given what we think the regulatory bandwidth is at this point. Of course, if the economics took a step change, certainly we would look at something different. So we are looking at it, but we're not anticipating an acceleration like Leo said.
Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning. I know you kind of addressed this. Hey, Leo, could you maybe talk a little bit more about the impacts of the Texas legislation to your plan and what -- could it be impactful to your guidance or your capital plan?
Rod West: Hey, Steve, it's Rod. Good morning. The Texas legislation, while certainly positive is not material enough for us to change our guidance and outlooks. Keep in mind that it's really providing both the commission, as well as the company additional tools as we think beyond Montgomery County. So the answer to your question is not material enough in terms of financial impact to change our outlooks
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Leo Denault: I'll add to that, Steve. It's a good risk reduction opportunity right. It aligns up the benefit that customers get from the addition of new generation with the timing of regulatory recovery. That's a lot more efficient than the way we would anticipate going about it now, our rate case around every new generating asset which works fine for something large like Montgomery County, but if you start adding smaller generation or sharing the renewable space it comes a little bit more problematic to provide that benefit to the customers at the same time you get regulatory approval.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just the chapter [ph] issue that you mentioned, could you remind what the investment there is and just, is there, -- is this a fixable issue or is it a risk that you just decide not to acquire the plan?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. Our planned investment there was about $400 million including some of the upgrades and some other things that we have planned. At this point, we don't know exactly what the issue is. We just know there are some vibrations and other things, but we believe it's probably fixable, and we'll be able to get to a transaction close before too terribly long.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: A larger question or you [Indiscernible].
Leo Denault: Yes we can.
Greg Gordon: Sorry, I have a larger question, bigger picture question for you since these specific questions I had were just answered. We are seeing here our macro view on the U.S. economy continues to accelerate. The data just keeps getting better with the -- just notably with an absence of underlying core inflation in the economy as you guys have a particularly economically sensitive jurisdiction that is your region of the country is sort of, has a concentrated exposure to certain types of industries related to petrochemicals, et cetera. I know that you guys try to do really good job of sort of constantly evolving your thought process on underlying demand growth. Like, what is the current economic climate look like in terms of the risk of being sort of either over or under your base case demand growth expectations?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, Greg, this is Drew. As we look at our industry load we continue to see positive signs, frankly. So our industrial customers are looking at a number of spreads, commodity spreads, crack spreads, gas versus oil, geographic spread between Henry Hub and yes, NBP for example or Brent and so all of those indicators continue to be green for us. Inventories are reasonable and exports are picking up as the economy -- a low nature of just energy prices here on the Gulf Coast is extremely competitive worldwide. And so, we're very confident in what we can see, our current forecast is based on what we can see from an industrial perspective. And that includes Petrochem, LNG, sub metals and not much core alkali, new at this point but core alkali has been a very strong performer for us and that market continues to get tighter. And as we look forward, we do see new opportunities in the core alkali space in the Petrochem space, there is potential for new LNG and other things. So all of that bodes well for our industrial sales expectations and while that's good for us, the really important thing for us is it gives us incremental headroom to create investments and whether it's for those industrial customers or support distribution, operations in new ways, there is significant investment opportunity within our business as we highlighted last July, so all of that industrial opportunity may create additional headroom for us to make those investments.
Greg Gordon: Right. Thank you for the detailed answer. Have a great morning.
Andrew Marsh: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Arnold: Hey good morning, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Can I just inquire; can you give us some -- an update on just how things are going with the discussions around Pilgrim for the transfer? There has been quite a lot of noise locally but hoping you could sort of cut through what matters for us.
Chris Bakken: This is Chris Bakken. As Leo said, we do expect the transaction to close before the end of the year. We are following very closely the license transfer application and the other issues that lead to closure and we're confident we can maintain that schedule.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And so these kind of push for an approval at the state level, do you see that as a concern or not at this point?
Chris Bakken: I think we are quite confident we can work through that. Jonathan, there isn't any state approval required in Massachusetts it's just the NRC that we're seeking.
Jonathan Arnold: Right I. I know, but Ive heard some noise so people kind of pushing to have something. So it's good to hear that you don't think that's going to gain some momentum. And then just on the Indian Point similar, can you give us, is it sufficiently similar to what you've proposed elsewhere that you see this as being reasonably formulaic or any sort of special considerations to think about as you move into the approval process there and I think to comment regarding local policymakers views around New York and timing?
Leo Denault: Well, I'll answer this particular one. From the NRC's perspective I think it should be pretty straightforward. Yes, of course, we'll be working with Holtec and the state to figure out what's the best thing to do there, but it's still early in the process and too early to tell exactly what will be required there.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you. And thanks for the update.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Can you hear me?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, good morning. Thank you. A lot of questions been asked already, but I wanted to come back to the Texas legislative side obviously, making good progress there, but wanted to understand a little bit the puts and takes on earned ROEs at the Texas subsidiary itself, just as you think about it perhaps, leaving aside the legislation itself, how do you think about the ability to earn your ROE, both the puts and takes over the next few years? And what -- how you think about the cadence of the benefit of legislation just year-over-year here, given the potential impact?
Rod West: Hey, it's Rod. I think it's important note that the reason why we suggesting that the proposed legislation, keep in mind, it still in the midst of negotiations at the legislature, does not change our outlook in terms of Texass performance in large part because of the timing of the existing rate case process or rate case filing in Texas. So, we made some headway over the last several years in Texas to reduce risk to improve the likelihood of us earning our allowed ROE through mechanisms such as the transmission cost recovery rider, the distribution cost recovery rider, with the objection -- objective rather of moving Texas closer to, as Leo mentioned the other jurisdictions that have more formulaic rate mechanism. So, we view the proposed rider as a step in the right direction of reducing the risk in Texas, and improving our ability to earn and sustain our allowed ROE. So, while it's accretive structurally, it's not material enough for us to change our outlook. So putting that rider in some context, I think is appropriate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay, fair enough. Thank you. And then turning elsewhere, just wanted a quick clarifications, if you can actually, back to Andrew's question. I think if I understand you're right, you're evaluating opportunities in the renewable side, but because it's principally solar type resources rather than wind, the timing element around PPC expiration just simply doesn't jive with respect to your own efforts, in contrast to perhaps AEP's efforts in Arkansas, for instance. Again I just want to make sure I understand some of the prepared remarks that you made.
Rod West: Well, certainly, we already have quite a bit happening in Arkansas, in particular, we have the wind project up and running. We have another one that's proposed and then of course, we have all the other ones that we've listed out in more detail in the materials today. So we are very focused on that. I mean, it's 1000 megawatts of renewables, that's quite a bit for us to move through all of our various jurisdictions. Like I said earlier, we will continue to keep an eye on things. If renewable started to become much more economic and the window is still open on the production or the investment tax credits certainly, we would look to accelerate if we thought that was the right thing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent.
Andrew Marsh: And just to be clear, they just fit  theyre fitting in just to the resource plan to meet needs that we have on the system including the environmental benefits and including obviously the fact that when we put these in, we get some experience with how they interact with the system, real life experience. So we're moving thoughtfully through it in a bid to benefit our customers as much as we can.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right, understood. Thank you for clarifying.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with MorningStar Research. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Leo, you mentioned in your opening remarks that annual dividend review will occur as it regularly does in the fourth quarter. Your payout ratio, based on your guidance should be in the bottom half of your range. You have the bulk of the risk with respect in the endpoint now behind you. And then finally, your CapEx has got a little bit of a downward trajectory with some of the generation being completed. Does this put the Board in a better position to increase the dividend closer to the EPS growth rate, and I realize you can't speak for the Board, but do I least have the right factors or is there something else I am forgetting?
Leo Denault: Well, you're correct. I can't speak for the Board at this point, but I'll just tell you, kind of a process that we go forward through. Obviously, our objective is to get to the point where your earnings and dividend growth, more closely matched than they have over the last few years. That's why we started the dividend increases long before we got into that payout ratio target. Certainly, tax reforms had an impact on that. One thing that I would say in your discussion that is not necessarily true is the capital plan reduction. If you go back to the 2013 to 2015 timeframe, that three year period, our capital plan was about $6 billion over the three years. I think the one in the presentation today is $11.7 billion. So it's a doubling of CapEx in that timeframe, while we've been able to maintain some low straights [ph] in the United States. So, we would anticipate, if we can continue to manage the business with the rate levels as attractive as they are keep customers bills low that gives us the opportunity to continue to invest more on behalf of our customers to improve technology to higher level of service at a lower price, that's our objective. So, that piece of your discussion where CapEx should be trending downward is not necessarily correct, in fact, I would think it would be going the other direction. So all those things will come into consideration. You're right on our objective is to get to the point where our earnings growth and dividend growth look more closely match, it is something that will come up within the year normally where the Board refreshes it's point of view on that and we'll take it up with them. But, actually for them, the growing capital budget, where we are in the range, where we see earnings going the opportunities associated with that will be factors that play into it.
Andrew Marsh: And this is Drew, just to clarify what Leo said around the capital, we know what we showed you in July at our Analyst Day, was a capital plan that declined though, so by time we get out there we're not anticipating that would be at that level and we expect it to continue to grow.
Charles Fishman: Yes, what my mistake was I was only looking at the generation, your D is going up in that RT&D.
Andrew Marsh: Yes, distribution we expect to grow with all of the investment opportunities that we have, our peers already into but we have the distribution automation, the automated meters, million going in this year, up like that which we think will begin to provide a platform for us to continue to invest into over the next several years.
Charles Fishman: Okay, thank you very much. That's all I have.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Charles.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to David Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Liz and thanks everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 10 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occurred prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Borde: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault. And then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measure are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault : Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today we are reporting strong results for another successful year of significant accomplishments. For our core Utility, Parent & Other business, adjusted EPS were in line with our guidance and growth expectations, and our consolidated operational earnings came in above our guidance range. A year ago, I told you that the foundation for our success in 2018 was largely in place and we laid out what we needed to do to stay on track to achieve our outlooks and aspirations. We've checked off every deliverable on that list as well as a few more and our success keeps us firmly on track to achieve our strategic and financial objectives in 2019 and beyond. As a result, we raised our dividend for a fourth consecutive year, a trend we expect to continue, subject as always to approval of our Board. At EWC, we made important progress toward exiting that business. At the start of the year, we have made shutdown decisions on all EWC nuclear plants and we had an agreement in place to sell Vermont Yankee, a first of its kind transaction. Since then, we completed the sale of Vermont Yankee and we announced agreements to sell Pilgrim and Palisades. The Vermont Yankee transaction is an important milestone, not only for our strategy to completely divest our merchant nuclear assets, but also for the nuclear decommissioning industry. It establishes a model for the sale of nuclear plants post shutdown, which benefits the industry and key stakeholders by accelerating the decommissioning timeline, drawing on industry leading decommissioning and site remediation expertise and experience, and laying the foundation for future business development opportunities in the regions. We're also making progress on the sale of Pilgrim to Holtec. Holtec submitted its post shutdown decommissioning activity report to the NRC and we submitted the license transfer application. We will shut down Pilgrim no later than May 31st, and we expect to close on the sale of that plant by the end of the year. Since announcing our intent to exit the merchant business, our progress has been deliberate and on the mark. We've sold five facilities, two wind ventures, the Rhode Island State Energy Center and two nuclear plants, leaving EWC with three nuclear plants. We have agreements in place to sell two of those and we are now actively working toward a post shutdown sale of the third, Indian Point. All of this work and success significantly advances our clear strategy to transition to a pure play utility. This past year, we also saw solid achievements at our core Utility business. At Analyst Day, we demonstrated our ability to successfully execute our plan to improve technology across our business. Our disciplined capital projects management organization and rigorous processes give us confidence that we can grow the business through investments that benefit not only our customers but all of our stakeholders. These investments are important because they help sustain and modernize our system, provide lower production cost and lower carbon emission rates, enhance reliability, support customer growth, bring jobs and economic development to our communities and provide opportunities for our employees.  Our new build CCGT projects remain on budget and on schedule, with the St. Charles power station slated to be in service in mid 2019. We also received regulatory approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission for the acquisition of Washington Parish Energy Center and we expect to close on that plant in 2021. More recently, we entered into an agreement to acquire the Choctaw Generating Station in Mississippi. We've cleared review under Hart-Scott-Rodino and have requested approval from the Mississippi Public Service Commission. We will also be requesting approval from the FERC in the near future and we expect to complete the transaction by the end of 2019. We continue to make progress on adding renewable generation to our portfolio. We are committed to providing our customers with renewable power options which are playing an increasingly important role in our resource planning. We have approximately 1,000 megawatts of renewables in various stages of development and specific projects include: two solar PPAs in Arkansas totaling 180 megawatts, one of which is operational; a 100-megawatt utility scale solar project at Entergy Mississippi; three utility scale solar projects for Entergy New Orleans totaling 90 megawatts; multiple rooftop solar projects in New Orleans totaling 5 megawatts; and a 15 megawatt solar project selected in Entergy Louisiana's renewable RFP. Each of these projects is in process and their in-service dates range from 2019 to 2022. Entergy Arkansas recently announced its intent to issue a solar RFP. The company is interested in procuring up to 200 megawatts of solar PV resources through an asset acquisition. Renewables are an important resource beyond their obvious environmental attributes. They can provide cost-effective energy supply, fuel diversity and advance the adoption of distributed energy solutions for our customers. As the economics, performance and reliability of these resources improve, we will continue to engage with our regulators and stakeholders to solve technical challenges associated with expanding the use of renewable energy across our service area. Last month, we hit an important and very exciting milestone in our AMI deployment plan, with the installation of the first meters. We will install approximately 3 million automated meters across our jurisdictions, with plans to activate 1 million new meters in 2019. We are pleased with this progress, especially in light of the benefits this technology will provide our customers from faster outage restoration to enhanced customer service and cost savings. Additionally, with these meters, we will have more tools to help our customers manage their energy usage and lower their bills. AMI will also serve as a foundation for future customer solutions as we evolve from being a supplier to a partner with our customers. We are excited about this next chapter and are actively studying other opportunities to prepare our distribution system for the future. We will provide updates on our progress when appropriate. Successful execution also includes our nuclear operations. In 2016, we rolled out our five-year roadmap to invest in our people, our plans and our processes to achieve operational excellence. Today, we are about halfway through that journey and our performance to-date is in line with our expectations. In 2018, we realized an important milestone when ANO returned to Column 1 of the reactor oversight process matrix. As planned, we expect Pilgrim to also return to Column 1 this quarter. These are just a few illustrations of the many investments that we are making to develop an efficient, sustainable electric generating and delivery system for our customers. We also had an active regulatory calendar last year with proceedings in each of our jurisdictions. It started with tax reform, and customers are now seeing benefits in their bills. We worked with our retail regulators and resolved the return of more than $1 billion of benefits to customers and we were able to return the benefits on an expedited basis. This not only helped our customers but also provided financial clarity which was important to solidify our credit as illustrated by Moody's moving our outlook to stable in November. Entergy Louisiana extended and modified its formula rate plan to include a new mechanism to recover incremental transmission investments eight months beyond any historic test year. In the fourth quarter, we resolved two base rate proceedings. The Public Utility Commission of Texas approved the rate case, which was a good step toward improving earnings and returns in that jurisdiction in the near term. The Arkansas Public Service Commission approved our partial settlement in the annual forward test year FRP, and new rates are now effective. And Entergy New Orleans rate case is still ongoing and is expected to be completed by August of this year. In addition, a recently filed legislation in Texas could help reduce regulatory lag on generation investment in that jurisdiction. If passed, it would allow the Commission to approve a rider to recover reasonable and necessary generation investment, which would be more timely and less burdensome than a base rate case filing. This legislation is consistent with our desire to align regulatory structures with customer benefits. Overall, the resolution we achieved on all of the regulatory matters we undertook last year provides clarity to our plans and solidifies the financial commitments we've made. At Entergy, we're dedicated to sustainability efforts. Once again, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index, which measures performance in economic, environmental and social dimensions against industry peers around the globe. We earned top scores in the areas of policy influence, climate strategy, water-related risks and corporate citizenship and philanthropy. This is the 17th consecutive year Entergy has been included on either the World or North American index or both. We were recognized by the US Chamber of Commerce Foundation who named Entergy a finalist in its 2018 Corporate Citizenship Awards in the Best Economic Empowerment Program category. The award recognized Entergy's five year $5 million workforce ready initiative aimed at promoting economic development for communities throughout our service region. At Entergy, creating a diverse and inclusive workplace is one of our shared values and we are committed to leveraging the richness of a diverse workforce. In recognition of our efforts, Black Enterprise magazine has recognized Entergy as one of its 2018 50 Best Companies for Diversity. The list highlights companies that champion professional inclusion of people from all races and demographic groups. This is the fifth consecutive year that we've been included on that list. 2018 has been another successful year for us. We executed on our strategy and we expect 2019 will be no different. Our operating and financial positions are solid and our strategic direction is clear. Today, we are a very different company than we were just a few years ago. We are a simpler company and a stronger company for the benefit of all our stakeholders. We have an -- we are an industry leader in critical measures of sustainability. We have among the lowest rates in the United States. We operate one of the cleanest large scale fleets in the country. We operate in a region the benefits from strong industrial growth. We invest in our employees to create a workforce for the future. We are recognized as a socially responsible growth engine for our communities, and our aspirations for our customers are aligned with the goals of our regulators. These attributes alone make Entergy a compelling long-term investment today. But this is also the foundation on which we will grow, innovate and expand our investment profile for tomorrow. We will invest in new technologies and new revenue streams that offer promising returns for our owners. We will embrace innovations that will transition us from an energy provider to delivering new outcomes and solutions that our customers want. We will continue to promote the well-being of our communities by partnering to improve education, eradicate poverty and protect the environment, and we will remain at the forefront of our industry's efforts to address climate issues, while also maintaining reliable and economic service for our customers. We are in the early days of our industry's transformation. Innovation is changing how we see the future of our industry, a future that offers a significant opportunity for continued long-term growth, and we are well positioned to lead the way. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who'll provide more detail on our 2018 financial results, 2019 guidance under our new single measure and our three-year outlooks.
Andrew Marsh : Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. Leo stated we are reporting strong results for another successful year. We executed on all our planned deliverables and this progress is reflected in our financial performance. For Utility, Parent & Other, on an adjusted view, we ended the year in line with our expectations, and for Entergy consolidated we exceeded our expectations for the year. We are pleased with these results and we look forward to continuing this momentum into 2019. For the next few minutes, I'll review the results of the fourth quarter and then the full year. We're also issuing 2019 guidance and the three-year outlook under our new Entergy adjusted measure. Starting with the quarter on Slide 6, our adjusted Utility, Parent & Other earnings were $0.04 higher than fourth quarter 2017. The key driver was lower non-fuel O&M, driven by lower nuclear costs this quarter. Also contributing to the increase were favorable base rate actions. Partially offsetting these drivers were regulatory provisions for two items I highlighted for you on the last earnings call.  First, the $25 million refund to Entergy Texas customers from the lower tax rate, retroactive to January 2018. And second, because Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi performed above expectations such that future true-ups would result in amounts due back to customers, we have accrued those in 2018. We also had lower income tax expense and higher depreciation expense. Before we move on, I'd like to point out that starting next quarter we will revert back to showing our variances on an EPS basis only since the statutory tax rate period-over-period will be the same again. This will simplify our variance views going forward. Moving to EWC on Slide 7, operational earnings decreased $1.22 from a year ago. This was largely the result of lower returns on decommissioning trust investments during the quarter, and to a lesser extent, lower net revenue from lower nuclear volumes. Lower non-fuel O&M and lower income taxes helped partially offset the decrease. On Slide 8, operating cash flow in the quarter was $526 million; $385 million lower than a year ago. The decrease is primarily due to the return of the unprotected excess ADIT to customers at the Utility as well as lower net revenue and higher severance and retention costs at EWC. Now turning to the full year on Slide 9, consolidated operational earnings for 2018 were $7.31 per share, higher than the $7.20 per share in 2017. These results exceeded our guidance range primarily due to favorable weather and favorable non-fuel O&M at EWC. We also had tax items and losses on the EWC decommissioning trust that mostly offset each other. Excluding these items, results would have been firmly within our guidance range. UP&O adjusted EPS, on Slide 10, was $4.71 in 2018, $0.14 higher than 2017. The increase in 2018 was due largely to base rate actions. This increase was partly offset by higher non-fuel O&M and other operating expenses as well as higher interest expense at Parent. We also had lower income tax expense as a result of the lower federal income tax rate which was offset in net revenue. Slide 7 summarizes EWC operational earnings, which decreased $2.22 year-over-year. Losses on the decommissioning trust fund investments and less favorable income tax items in 2018 as compared to a year ago were key drivers. Lower net revenue from lower prices and lower volume also contributed. Partially offsetting these decreases were favorable depreciation and decommissioning expenses. Full year 2018 operating cash flow, shown on Slide 12, was approximately $2.4 billion in 2018, $239 million lower than last year. A main driver was the return of the unprotected excess ADIT to customers, which reduced cash flow approximately $600 million. Lower net revenue at EWC was also a driver. Favorable weather at the Utility and lower severance and retention payments at EWC partially offset the decrease. Moving to Slide 13. As we mentioned last quarter, with the progress we've made on our strategy to exit our EWC business and transition to a pure play utility, we are moving to a single, simpler measure that better reflects the nature of our business going forward. Today, we are initiating our new Entergy adjusted EPS guidance and three-year outlook. The new measure excludes all of our EWC earnings as similar to our previous UP&O adjusted measure with the following exceptions. We now exclude large tax items as opposed to normalizing to a statutory tax rate and we no longer normalize the effects of weather. While we have not changed our views of the underlying business, our Entergy adjusted guidance is higher than our previous UP&O adjusted disclosure. The change is only attributable to our expectation for lower than statutory tax rates in those years. The lower tax rates are created by the return of protected excess ADIT and AFUDC from the significant capital investments we are making at our core business to benefit our customers. The effective tax rate is lower in 2019 versus '20 and '21 primarily due to higher AFUDC in 2019. Reconciliation of the UP,O adjusted measure to the new Entergy adjusted measure can be found in our appendix. Starting next quarter, we'll report actual results under this Entergy adjusted measure only and our disclosures will be revised accordingly. The Entergy adjusted guidance range is $5.10 to $5.50 with the midpoint of $5.30. I will note that this is the same midpoint we showed at our Analyst Day in 2016, except for the $0.20 improvement related to the lower effective tax rate. On Slide 13, you will also see a few of the key drivers for 2019 guidance. Starting on the top line, our projected sales volume in 2019 is expected to increase about 1% year-over-year, driven by strong industrial sales of approximately 2.5% to 3%. We continue to expect volatility from quarter-to-quarter but slightly positive residential sales in the first half of the year turning slightly negative for the second half of the year as advanced meters go in service.  Additionally, a full year of 2018 rate activity in Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas contribute to 2019's results, along with the 2019 FRP filings in Mississippi and Louisiana. Recovery of the St. Charles power station is expected to begin mid-year when the plant goes in service. We project non-fuel O&M to be approximately $2.7 billion, which represents a 3% increase -- about a 3% increase compared to 2018. This reflects our ongoing capital intensive construction plan, which creates higher spending on fossil and transmission operations. We expect 2019 to be the last year for incremental nuclear hiring under our nuclear strategic plan, and there are a few costs anticipated for cybersecurity, grid modernization and customer initiatives to meet and explore new technologies and services building off of our AMI platform. We expect other expenses such as depreciation, interest and property taxes to increase as we continue to make productive investments to benefit our customers and our communities. And 2019 also assumes normal weather and no income tax planning items at the Utility. Finally, as a result of settling a portion of our equity forward in late 2018 and the remainder plan for second quarter 2019, we expect dilution of approximately $0.35. Even though EWC's results are excluded from the Entergy adjusted EPS guidance, we will continue to provide our expectations for EWC's financial performance through 2022. This information can be found in the appendix of our webcast presentation. I would also like to give an update on our cash position at EWC. While weak market performance led to lower returns on our nuclear decommissioning trust investments in fourth quarter 2018, we still expect EWC to provide positive net cash to parent from 2019 through 2022, and this includes our current view of potential decommissioning trust contributions. Additionally, we continue our efforts to reduce risk at EWC. We have rebalanced EWC decommissioning trust portfolio such that we eliminated its equity market exposure. Pilgrim's de-risked NDT, along with the close of the VY sale earlier this year, are notable steps in our transition to a pure play utility. Moving to the longer-term view on Slide 14, you'll see our 2020 and 2021 outlooks have been updated to reflect the new measure. And as I previously mentioned, our longer-term view of our business has not changed. We continue to target a 5% to 7% growth rate for adjusted earnings. Finally, our cash and credit metrics as of the end of the year are shown on Slide 15. Our Parent debt-to-total debt ratio has improved to 22.6%. This was largely due to the settlement of a portion of our equity forward in December. Our operational FFO-to-debt is 12%, but this includes the effects of returning $600 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers. Excluding this giveback, operational FFO-to-debt would be 15.3%. As I've noted on previous calls, we remain committed to our targeted ranges at or above 15% for FFO-to-debt and below 25% for Parent debt-to-total debt as well as maintaining our investment grade profile. Additionally, we continue to de-risk our balance sheet by managing our pension liability. 2018 pension obligation is lower by almost $600 million from last year, and we've lowered our return on assets expectation by 25 basis points for 2019. As a reflection of these collective efforts, Moody's upgraded our outlook to stable in November. 2018 was another year of strong results and we're proud of what we accomplished. We made significant progress in our exit of the EWC business and we continue to execute on our customer-centric investment plan at the Utility. As we have stated, we are committed to creating sustainable value for our customers, employees, communities and owners. I look forward to another successful year in 2019. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just a quick clarification here. Obviously, well done on '19 and onwards guidance. But wanted to just -- structurally, as you think about beyond even '21, is this $0.10 sustainable in sort of the upside tied to the new effective tax rate you always talk about? I just want to understand how sustainable it is?
Andrew Marsh : We believe it is sustainable, Julien. With the tax reform, there is a structural change in the way that that effective tax rate going to come out due to the protected excess ADIT. As you know, that that's going to go on for many years and it will lower revenue, also lower the tax expense that you see and so, it won't be exactly dollar for dollar like the unprotected piece, but it will effectively be in there on an ongoing basis and so we expect to see a lower effective tax rate going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. Excellent. If I can just quickly follow up, it seems like Utility CapEx went up a little bit from the preliminary guidance you guys all gave back at [EEI]. Can you just elaborate a little bit on what's moving there? I mean, it sounds like there might be some, I'll let you elaborate.
Andrew Marsh : Okay. Well, thanks for noticing that. It did go up a little bit. There's two areas. It's primarily in the distribution and the transmission area. The distribution area is continuing to increase our grid mod investments and specifically in the area of distribution automation, as we continue to push into that. And now in transmission, it's continuation of just needed transmission upgrades as part of the MTEP process. And so those are investments that we recognize out of the MTEP process and so we've added into the capital plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta : So on the EPS outlook going forward, just wanted to understand the change is driven only by the effective tax rate or also by the AFUDC going forward or is the AFUDC fall off only from 2019?
Andrew Marsh : Yeah. So both of those are what we are citing as affecting the effective tax rate. The main change is the effective tax rate. There isn't really much change in the AFUDC expectation, not in our guidance outlook. But as the AFUDC comes down from '19 to '20, the effect that that has on the effective tax rate is going to diminish. And so it actually pass back up afterwards, but the protected excess ADITs starts to come off. So it's going to level out at around the $0.10 effect. It's just a little bit more this first year as we have three large combined cycle gas turbines under construction that are long-dated construction assets, there's just going to be more AFUDC on the books this year.
Praful Mehta : Got you. That's super helpful, Drew. And then in terms of Grand Gulf, I know there was an NRC review ongoing. Is there any update on the status on that?
Leo Denault : Good morning, Praful. Yes, we have expectations of a formal exit with the NRC next week. We have to self-identify the issues that are determined to be non-cited violations or the lowest safety significance. We're very pleased with our operator response to the issue and we expect a formal inspection report in about 45 days. So there is no significant issues identified in the inspection.
Praful Mehta : Understood. And so is this effectively -- is there any change needed in terms of how you operate nuclear in general or do you see this within the plan of what was expected?
Leo Denault : No. We believe we're on track with our plan and we don't see any need for change.
Praful Mehta : Okay, understood. And then just the last thing on the credit side, Drew, the 15% target, obviously you're much below that, obviously, driven by the ADIT in the short-term. How comfortable is the rating agency view around that metric and like how much time are they expecting you to kind of grow back into that 15% level? Are there any levers that you can pull if the metric is delayed in terms of the improvement? Just wanted to understand kind of what's the flexibility you have on that metric.
Andrew Marsh : Yes, well, the expectation that we would get above the 15% by 2020, next year, and we're still on track with that. We have ongoing conversations with the rating agencies. They're fully aware of the plan and they can see the expectation for the excess ADIT -- the unprotected excess ADIT going back to customers quite rapidly. In fact, that's one of the things that they cited as positive is that we are getting that behind us so that you can see our FFO-to-debt measure move higher more quickly instead of drawn out. When we discussed it with them, the expectation was that if we're going to have to deal with this on an ongoing basis, how were recalculating, it can show you the effect of it back to 15% in the materials today. If we had to do that on an ongoing basis, it would be much harder for them to get comfortable with our outlook. So they are very comfortable with it and they see the full depth of it and we all expect to get back by 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Gregory Gordon : A couple of questions, and I apologize if I'm making you repeat yourself. It's been pretty earnings morning. With the changes in the current EBITDA outlook for EWC, where do you stand in terms of your aspirations of sort of fully exiting on a cash and neutral basis or cash positive -- I mean, have the numbers moved around a little bit in terms of where you expect that exit on an NPV basis?
Andrew Marsh : Yes, well, I mean, as the world turns, things are continuing to evolve. We affirmed our expectation that we would be cash positive from net cash back to Parent out of EWC '19 to '22. And the market has moved around -- the equity capital market has moved around. As you know, it dipped down in the fourth quarter. It's rallied in January. The rally in January of course was helpful for us and also allowed us to finish the de-risking of Pilgrim and that was very helpful in terms of getting us more comforts towards our expectation of keeping that cash outlook. We've also continued to find ways to manage our O&M and capital costs and those efforts are ongoing within EWC and some of those are realized in the fourth quarter of '18 in the form of -- significantly over O&M. And so those things are helping us keep our expectation for positive cash flow out of EWC net back to parent over the next few years.
Gregory Gordon : Fantastic. And then I think you just answered my next question, which was, you expect to be very solidly inside your metrics through time here, so any significant incremental equity issuance is probably not in the cards here that you really need to be.
Andrew Marsh : Yes. No change from what we said at Analyst Day last summer. We will finish up our last year's equity issuance. We have that in escrow right now. We should draw that out sometime in the second quarter, and then we wouldn't need to look at anything until 2021 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides : Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Actually I have a handful of them. First of all, on the generation rider in Texas, can you talk to us just about the process behind that in terms of getting that finalized potentially and then whether it needs -- whether is this enabling legislation and therefore you need regulation that come with it that kind of outlines how it will work?
Rod West : Hey, Michael, good morning, it's Rod. From a process standpoint, we have proposed legislation in Texas in both the House and the Senate. And you are correct, it is enabling legislation that if passed would give the PUCT an option to enact a generation recovery rider or something to that effect that would essentially match from a better timing perspective our investments with recovery. And so there would be the passage of the legislation, if we're successful, and then, it would enable the PUCT through the regulatory process to implement a generation rider.
Michael Lapides : Got it. And then one question on all the generating plants that you have coming in the service over the next couple of years. Can you just remind us how those all get into utility rates, meaning, do they go into rates as a special rider win put in service? Do they go in only when the annual formula rate plan process is implemented -- like Louisiana, I think it's implemented and after the summer like in September each year and Mississippi is a different time line. Like how should we think about the timing of when those rate step-ups occur?
Rod West : One of the reasons why we were seeking to get the law changed in Texas was to allow Texas to be more like the future forward test years of Mississippi and Arkansas. And to your point, in Louisiana, our largest jurisdiction, the moment a plant comes online and into service, it automatically goes into rates. And so we were trying to bring Texas forward. So all the other jurisdictions, with the exception of Texas, through a special recovery rider or through the formula rate plan. The moment that plant goes into service, we begin recovering through the rate regime. So Texas is -- we're trying to get Texas in line with the other three -- really four, with New Orleans.
Andrew Marsh : And I'll just add, Michael. In Mississippi, we're not building a plant, we're buying a plant, the Choctaw asset, and it should go the same way as Rod just described, in-rates when we are able to close.
Michael Lapides : Got it. So when I think about the other plants in Louisiana that are coming online, just as they come online, assume the step change that incorporates the O&M, the capital, the return on and recovery of capital et cetera.
Rod West : That is correct.
Michael Lapides : Got it. Last item, just on Indian Point, when is the last -- I don't want to use the word -- when does the state have to make a final decision about the Indian Point retirement in 2020, meaning, when do you reach a point of no return where if the state hasn't said, hey, do a refueling, get it ready, we need it to operate longer, let's talk contracts, when do they actually have to tell you that by?
Andrew Marsh : I don't think that there is any process associated with the state. But in terms of a point of no return, I'll let Chris answer that.
Chris Bakken : Yes, we're at the point where Unit 2 is refueled for its last cycle and it will operate until the spring of 2020, and Indian Point Unit 3 we will refuel shortly and it will then run through spring of 2021 and then that's it. I mean, we do not intend to refuel the units again.
Michael Lapides : Got it. So if the state were to change its mind, it's got to happen within six to 12 months, before you'd have to do another refuel?
Chris Bakken : We would need considerable warning and that's something that we would have to discuss with the state. But to be very clear from our end, we have not made arrangements to purchase additional fuel and have no intentions of doing another refuel outage beyond the one this the spring.
Michael Lapides : Okay.
Andrew Marsh : And then we'd also need the incremental capital that we need to go into the plant likely as well.
Chris Bakken : Under negotiations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold : A quick question on just on the new guidance basis. Do we understand it correctly that, when you say that you will not include I think significant tax items in there? What's the -- do you have a threshold in mind that we should think of that you'll effectively exclude from evaluating yourselves against this guidance?
Andrew Marsh : Well, I think I can give you a framework for it. In 2018, we had about $1 of tax items over a couple of quarters and we had one in the fourth quarter related to the restructuring in Arkansas, and then one in the second quarter I think related to an IRS settlement. Those two things added up to a buck. We would have excluded both of them. And we would had an effective tax rate in 2018 of about 21% excluding those items and the effect of the unprotected excess ADIT.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. Those would seem to be clearly material.
Andrew Marsh : Yes.
Jonathan Arnold : Should we think about this as sort of where you will manage around -- having -- weather in the guidance, perhaps? I'm just trying to get a better sense of how you will evaluate your performance on this new metric.
Andrew Marsh : Well, I mean, I think we are trying to build flexibility into our business to help us do that, not use taxes. So we are actively working on ways that we can manage our business in light of the fact that we're going to have weather volatility in our numbers and I think that's the primary measure. You're not going to see a $0.75 tax item show up at the same time to kind of rescue us. That's not the plan.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. That's clear enough. Look forward to seeing it play out. And just a second issue. Leo, I think you talked about working toward a post shutdown sale of Indian Point when you talked about the decommissioning transactions. Should I take that to mean that you wouldn't anticipate a deal for Indian Point until after the shutdown or more that such a deal wouldn't close obviously till after shutdown? I just wasn't sure if you were trying to give us some indication of timing on reaching a similar agreement.
Leo Denault : So the transaction would not close until post shutdown. What I was indicating is that we have begun work on a transaction. That, as we've mentioned before, we would expect to complete sometime between now and the end of the year.
Jonathan Arnold : Okay. So that is something you think is a reasonable prospect for '19 because that was -- I was going to ask why it wasn't on the '19 items.
Leo Denault : That's correct. It is something that we've mentioned before, in order to close the transaction post shutdown of the units, we would like to get into the regulatory process in such time that we would want to have a transaction signed and announced by the end of the year. Obviously, we've also mentioned we recognize from your standpoint, sooner would be better than later, but that's the timeline that we've got. But what I was indicating is that we've actually started that work.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Ridzon : Good morning. Thank you. For your '19 and '20 guidance, what your assumptions are for effective tax rate?
Andrew Marsh : So for '19, I think it's about 22.5% and for 2021, it's a little higher. It's more like...
Paul Ridzon : A dime higher basically?
Andrew Marsh : Yes.
Paul Ridzon : And then just kind of got lost on your comments about you will no longer weather normalize or you will continue to?
Andrew Marsh : We will no longer weather normalize. We will still report what we think the effect of weather is on our results, but we aren't going to adjust our results because of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza : Sorry, I hopped on a second late. The de-risking of the decommissioning trust, did that have an indirect impact to the viability of the sales that you're looking at for Indian Point trust sometime this year? And then the other question is the transaction that you're sort of working on, can you just confirm whether it's with one bidder or are you still working through a couple of bidders?
Leo Denault : I'll start with the second part of question. We're not going to comment on that.
Shar Pourreza : Okay.
Leo Denault : I got the answer but we don't comment. Merely just wanted to point out that we've begun that activity.
Andrew Marsh : And Shar, this is Drew. On the first part of your question, so we -- the de-risking activities were related to Pilgrim and not related to Indian Point. As we have a transaction set there and we have expectations there that we want to make sure we meet, and so that's why the de-risking activity took place there. Any point is a different transaction. It will have a -- it will have its own set of expectations around the trust and we'll act accordingly on de-risking or otherwise when that's appropriate.
Shar Pourreza : Got it, got it. But we could sort of use the proxies for the existing assets that you have right now as far as we think about return thresholds for this current transaction given some of the other assets are still operating but the decommissioning funds were pre-sold.
Andrew Marsh : I'm not sure I'm following your question exactly. The de-risked elements around Pilgrim, they're going to return some sort of fixed income element in around 2% or so. The Indian Point, from a returns perspective, is unchanged at this point.
Shar Pourreza : Okay.
Andrew Marsh : And so once we get to a spot where we have clarity around what our expectations are for that trust, then we will act accordingly there.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Angie Storozynski : Thank you. I have two questions. I know a lot of questions about the decommissioning trusts for EWC assets. But when I think about Indian Point, in the past you'd mentioned that given that it's a two reactor site, it could have some economies of scale related to decommissioning of these assets. So when you talk about your expectations for EWC to actually return cash, do you already account for those efficiencies or is this based on the assumption of that minimum balances of those decommissioning trusts as stated by the NRC?
Andrew Marsh : Yes. Angie, this is Drew. So when we're thinking about that return of cash back to the parent, we're thinking about basically operating cash flows and working capital in the current business and the operating business and any associated retention payments and capital requirements. We still have one refueling left et cetera. All of that is baked into our expectation for return of cash back to the parent. The decommissioning activities are strictly matched up against the decommissioning trusts and so we do anticipate economies of scale. We think that will be helpful. That helps us mitigate any expectation of actually having put money into those trusts, but other than that, it's mostly the operating expectations that are dictating our expectation that we would be positive cash flow out of that business net to parent through '22.
Angie Storozynski : Okay. And separately on your new guidance and the effective tax rate assumption, so does it matter whether this tax benefit is going to be realized, i.e., if it's at the parent level or at the regulated utilities level and if it's the latter, is there any risk that you know as you go through your rate cases some of this benefit would actually be transferred to your customers, that is, it wouldn't be retained in earnings because you would have to basically embed the lower effective tax rate in your customer rates?
Andrew Marsh : Yes. I think actually a lot of it hopefully will. That's one of the strategies that we employ to help keep our customer rates low, and one of the drivers of course is the protected excess ADIT, which is basically money that's going back to customers we collected over time for the higher tax rate in previous years. So that's going to be kind of dribbling out over time. That's really the source or one of the two sources of the lower effective tax rate and that is going directly back to customers over time. And then the AFUDC piece, AFUDC is recognized by books, it's not recognized by tax. So that's just a structural element that's in there associated with that. That will get reflected in rate base ultimately. But those are the two main drivers of the positive change in the effective tax rate, and of course, when we are defining tax items, we are not including those in our numbers going forward. But often, we are working with retail regulators to share those benefits with customers and as we do that those might flow back to customers as well.
Operator: We have no further question at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. David Borde.
David Borde : Thank you, Shirley, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on March 1st and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant Company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - VP, IR Leo Denault - Chairman & CEO Andrew Marsh - EVP & CFO Roderick West - Group President Utility Operations & Director
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Praful Mehta - Citigroup Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities Charles Fishman - Morningstar Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release and Teleconference call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Borde, you may begin.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions]. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, which are set forth in our earnings release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.  Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We now have 3 quarters behind us, and we continue to consistently execute on the initiatives that keep us on track to achieve our goals, both near term and longer term. We've completed most of the 2018 key deliverables we outlined at the beginning of the year, and we've added a few more since then.  We are pleased to report strong third quarter results with Utility, Parent & Other adjusted EPS of $2.27 and consolidated operational earnings per share of $3.77. Drew will cover the numbers in more detail, but the bottom line is, that we're raising our consolidated operational guidance range. For our UP&O adjusted view, we are affirming our 2018 guidance and our longer-term outlooks through 2021. With the EEI Financial Conference less than 2 weeks away, we are keeping today's call focused on the quarter.  Before I go into our accomplishments, I'd to address a couple of news items that while not materially impacting financial results weren't being addressed. First, on the Mississippi Attorney General complaint. This is the continuation of litigation that was filed 10 years ago. The matter was set to go to trial in early November, but as you may have heard earlier this week, the trial was continued to sometime next year. The precise date has not been set. We filed 2 separate motions for summary judgment, and last June, the State of Mississippi passed legislation, which clarifies that a claim of this nature should first proceed in front of the NPSE before being filed in court. This matter has been disclosed and thoroughly discussed in our 10-K and 10-Q filings to which I would point you. The important thing for you to takeaway is that our generation practices are scrutinized, reviewed or audited in multiple jurisdictions on a regular and continuous basis and have been for decades. Claims similar to those brought by the Attorney General were alleged in Louisiana, New Orleans and Texas. Louisiana commission and City Council both rejected those claims on their merits, and the case was dismissed in Texas for lack of jurisdiction. We feel very comfortable about our position in the litigation, and for that reason, do not believe the lawsuit poses a material risk to earnings.  Second, we received the shared Gartner report on the grassroots advocacy practices in New Orleans. We recognized and appreciate the effort undertaking by the City Council to thoroughly review this matter. Nevertheless, we take exception to certain characterizations and key omissions in the report, like the Hawthorn Group's written admission that they took these actions without our knowledge. There are no facts that support the conclusion that Entergy employees knew about the hiring of crowds on demand or their payments to individuals to show support for the New Orleans power station. However, we believe that better oversight and asking the right questions could have either prevented the actions of Hawthorn and crowds on demand or discovered them and allowed us to stop them. We continue our effort to regain the trust and confidence of the citizens of New Orleans and the Council. I will now turn back to the quarter. With good clarity on our strategy, our accomplishments included a major milestone in our transition to a pure-play utility. The NRC has approved the license transfer of Vermont Yankee to NorthStar. This was a necessary condition in our agreement to sell Vermont Yankee along with it's decommissioning assets and liability. The decision is also an important milestone for the nuclear decommissioning industry, and we are pleased with this outcome and encouraged by the NRC's acceptance of this transaction model. The sale of nuclear plants post-shutdown will benefit stakeholders and our industry by accelerating the decommissioning time line, drawing on industry-leading decommissioning and site remediation expertise and experience and laying the foundation for potential future business development opportunities in the regions. We are awaiting a decision from the Vermont Public Utility Commission, which we requested by November 30. We continue to target completion of the transaction by year-end. We're also making progress on our agreement to sell Pilgrim. In September, we attended the NRC's license transfer application pre-submittal meeting with Holtec. We discussed Pilgrim's status and the proposed transaction as well as Holtec's decommissioning strategy and financial and technical qualifications. We plan to submit our filing to the NRC before the end of the year. We also received renewed operating licenses for Indian Point units 2 and 3, which are scheduled to shut down in 2020 and 2021, respectively. Palisades will close a year later, finalizing the orderly wind down of EWC operations. Our progress at EWC significantly advances our strategy to transition to a pure-play utility.  We've also continue to make good progress towards modernizing the utilities generation portfolio. In August, Entergy Mississippi agreed to acquire Choctaw Generating Station. The plant is a clean and modern 810-megawatt combined cycle natural gas turbine. We expect to close the transaction by the end of 2019 following receipt of regulatory approvals. At Analyst Day, we noted that our 5-year capital plan assumed a new build CCGT to meet Entergy Mississippi's capacity requirements. Choctaw will now meet that need. Purchasing the Choctaw facility is more economic than a new build and frees up capital resources or other investments that will also benefit our customers. This is a good example, of opportunities we continue to seek to meet our customers needs at the most economic price point. We'll provide a preliminary update on our three year capital plan at the EEI Conference.  We're also making progress on our new build generation projects. Our 3 CCGTs remain on budget and on schedule. We're awaiting for an air permit from the state for the New Orleans power station before we can further proceed. We expect this to result in a 4 to 5 month delay in the plants commercial operation date, but we still anticipate completing the project on budget. We've also made significant progress on key transmission plants. We completed the Lake Charles project, our largest transmission undertaking to date. It included construction of 2 new substations, expansion of two others and added approximately 25 miles of high-voltage transmission lines. The project is providing improved liability and additional load serving capability in an area that is experiencing significant industrial growth. Also, in the quarter, Entergy Louisiana announced that it had signed a long-term agreement to serve Shintech's expanding manufacturing complex in Iberville Parish. Through the project, Shintech will create 120 new direct jobs. Louisiana economic development estimates an additional 590 new indirect jobs will result for a total of more than 700 new jobs. The expansion is also projected to create up to 3,000 construction jobs at its peak, and we expect it to come online in early 2021. We've also been busy with rate proceedings in many of our jurisdictions. In New Orleans, we refiled our rate case. The changes from the original filing related primarily to rate design and a revenue requirement request in our refiling is nearly identical to what we requested in the original filing. With next year's projected fuel savings and energy efficiency, the net rate change to our customers in 2019 is expected to be a $20 million decrease. In Texas, we filed an unopposed settlement agreement in our rate -- our base rate case proceeding. The settlement is a step in the right direction. It provides certainty and will improve earnings and return and resolve tax the reform issues in that jurisdiction. We expect the commission to take it up at an upcoming open meeting. Nevertheless, the settlement is less than we requested, and we will continue to work collaboratively with the commission, the legislature and other stakeholders to explore ways to improve the regulatory construct in Texas. Specifically, we'll ask the commission to review its rules and associated procedures to include appropriate post-test year adjustments. Regulatory mechanisms that better align the timing of cost and investments with their recovery are beneficial for credit ratings, access to capital at a lower cost to customers and infrastructure investments that drive economic development and job creation. Yesterday, parties filed a partial settlement agreement in the Arkansas FRP proceedings resolving all outstanding revenue requirements issues for 2019. The agreement recommends a rate adjustment of approximately $67 million consistent with EAI's initial filings. The rate adjustment is based upon a revenue requirement of approximately $163 million capped at 4% of total filing year revenue. We still expect a decision from the commission by year-end. This continued progress on regulatory proceedings improves clarity and solidifies our financial commitments. At Entergy, safety is a core value, and we recently achieved an important milestone. Our transmission group of nearly 1,000 employees achieved 397 days of injury-free performance. This milestone demonstrates that 0 injuries is achievable on a sustained basis. We're proud of this accomplishment. We're thankful to our employees for the focus, commitment and care they have demonstrated in achieving this outstanding performance. Before I turn the call over to Drew, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge Wayne Leonard who passed away in September. Wayne was a friend and a mentor to many and he was also a true leader. He led our employees and our communities through transformational events like Hurricane Katrina. He took a leadership role in key industry issues, including sustainability and corporate responsibility. He advocated for low-income customers who couldn't speak for themselves and demanded that we do a better job serving the poor. He was a visionary on issues of climate changes in the environment. Although, he retired more than 5 years ago, Wayne's legacy remains deeply woven into the fabric of our company. We set out to drive sustainable long-term growth by delivering strong financial results to our owners, investing in our employees to create a workforce for the future and proactively establishing policies to be an environmentally and socially responsible growth engine for our communities, while working to break the cycle of poverty experienced by many of the customers we serve. We never wanted individuals that have to choose between paying for electricity or necessities like groceries or medications. For us, that starts with controlling electric rates. S&P Global Market Intelligence studies show that in 2016 and 2017, Entergy provided power to retail customers at the lowest average price of the major investor-owned in the United States. In addition, we advocate for additional and fair funding for our customers from the Federal Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. LIHEAP helps customers in dire financial circumstances pay their utility bills. With the help of our senators and congressmen, in 2018 an incremental $47 million was directed to 8 residents in the states where we serve. And we've recently learned that the U.S. Senate is recommending an additional $50 million for the program in 2019 with customers in our service territory getting their fair share. Today, we operate as much one of the cleanest large-scale generating fleets in the United States. Over the last 3 years, our mission rate across our entire fleet has been more than 40% below the national average and the EPA standard for a new highly efficient combined cycle natural gas unit. This year, we were named to the 2018 Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. We earned top scores in the areas of policy influence, climate strategy, water-related risks and corporate citizenship and philanthropy. Only companies that excel in developing and implementing long-term economic, environmental and social strategies and actions are included on the index. And we're the only U.S. electric utility to be named to the world or North American index or both for 17 straight years. It is no coincidence that this recognition goes back to the time when Wayne's and Entergy's greenhouse emissions commitment may have seemed an unrealistic goal. Our investors are increasingly aware of the importance of environmental and sustainability responsibilities. Financial results are inexplicably tied to good corporate citizenship, acting with concern for safety, the environment, employees, communities, customers and owners is what makes Entergy a sound investment. We're proud of our legacy of leadership in these areas. We have made a lot of progress, but there is still a lot to do. To further our goal of improving communities, we have incorporated the UN sustainable development goals into our social responsibility, business plan and strategy. We will also continue to work with our local partners, such as the United Way to help families achieve economic stability, jobs for America's graduates to create a skill, ready and diverse workforce for the communities we serve, to have resources to fund coastal restoration and the power to care to provide bill payment assistance for elderly and disabled customers. I encourage you to learn more about our efforts and track record on ESG issues through our integrated report, which we publish annually. The fundamentals of our business are strong. 2018 has already been another year of significant accomplishments, including major milestones to keep us on track to achieve our strategic, operational and financial objectives. Our accomplishments this quarter are in many ways simply a continuation of the path Wayne set out for us many years ago, a path to become a world-class utility that prospers by creating sustainable value for all its stakeholders, a path where our success is not only remeasured in delivering shareholder returns, but also in leaving behind a better world, we're doing good is good business. I'll now turn the call over to Drew, who'll provide more details on our financial results and also a preview of what we are planning for EEI. We look forward to seeing you at the conference.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. As Leo mentioned, our accomplishments this quarter directly support our strategic, operational and financial objectives. Our results were strong with consolidated operational earnings of $3.77 per share and Utility, Parent & Other adjusted earnings of $2.27 per share. At the Utility, the fundamentals of our business are healthy. We are seeing the effects of productive investment on behalf of our customers and the lower tax rate. We also had positive effects of weather year-over-year. At EWC, we saw good returns on the nuclear decommissioning trust funds in the third quarter and as we've communicated, favorable tax benefits. Overall, operational earnings to date are better than we expected. Therefore, we are raising our 2018 Entergy operational guidance while our core Utility, Patent & Other business is firmly on track to achieve its 2018 guidance and longer-term outlooks.  Breaking down the results, starting with Utility, Parent & Other on Slide 5. Adjusted earnings, which normalized weather and taxes, were $0.12 higher than the prior year. Setting aside offsetting line items, we saw a lower retail sales volume in the unbilled period. This was partially offset by higher-than-expected weather adjusted bill sales and positive rate actions at Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas. Finally, nonfuel O&M was higher as planned due largely to fossil spending and contract costs. Moving to EWC's results on Slide 6. Operational earnings were $1.42. Excluding this quarter's tax items, the key driver was higher returns on the nuclear decommissioning trust funds. Lower nuclear pricing as well as nuclear sales volume partially offset the increase. This quarter, as reported earnings -- as reported earnings included $110 million upward revision to Pilgrim's asset retirement obligation from an updated decommissioning study. The revision resulted in an asset impairment, which is treated as special item and excluded from our operational earnings. Before leaving EWC, I would like to update our cash expectation. We expect EWC to provide positive net cash to parent from 2019 through 2022. This remains a key focus area as we transition to a pure-play utility. Turning back to the quarter, Slide 7, shows operating cash flow totaling $780 million, $113 million lower than a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to the return of $266 million of unprotected excess ADIT to customers, which we expected. At this point, all of our customers are seeing the positive effects from tax reform in their bills. Roughly half of this was offset by solid weather as well as increased collections for fuel and purchase power cost recovery at the utility. In addition, lower net revenue at EWC and planned spending on Vermont Yankee decommissioning activities contributed to the decrease. Now turning to Slide 8 and 9. Because of our strong results to date, we're updating our consolidated operational guidance range of $6.75 to $7.25. This reflects a midpoint increase of $0.45 and a narrowing of the range. The primary drivers are strong weather to date and better-than-planned income tax outcomes. We're also assuming a tax item at the utility, which we expect to materialize in the fourth quarter. But to date, this quarter, the tax item is essentially offset by mark-to-market returns on the EWC nuclear decommissioning trusts. We're also affirming our Utility, Parent & Other adjusted guidance range, which we still expect to come around the midpoint. There are a few key drivers that I'd like to highlight. We've seen stronger-than-expected sales year-to-date, and as a result, we now expect positive growth for the year of about 0.5% versus our previous assumption of negative 0.7%. Nevertheless, we expect this to be partially offset by our settlement in the Texas rate case, which includes a $0.10 refund -- $0.10 per share refund to customers from the lower tax rate, retroactive to January of this year. Because Entergy Texas has a historical test year and has been under earning, we did not assume this outcome when we set our guidance earlier this year. We expect this refund to affect 2018 results and is reflected in our current midpoint expectations for Utility, Parent & Other adjusted EPS. And to the extent, Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi continue to perform above our expectations, such that future true-up's would result in amounts due back to customers, we would accrue those this year.  We're also affirming our long-term Utility, Parent & Other outlook through 2021. You'll see that our outlook is unchanged from Analyst Day just a few months ago. Switching gears a bit regarding our outlooks. For the past few years, we have focused on 2 earnings measures, Entergy operational EPS and Utility, Parent & Other adjusted EPS. Our Utility, Parent & Other adjusted view have helped us reinforce our focus on transitioning to a pure-play utility and has held us accountable to the quarter results of the utility business. However, now that we've been successful with our strategy, having 2 measures may no longer be warranted. Over the next few months, we'll be evaluating our earnings measures and disclosures to address feedback we've received from the investment community, including the volatility from large tax items and EWC reporting. While at this point, we can't treat EWC as discontinued operations from a GAAP perspective, we recognize that the time is right to guide you on a simpler measure that better reflects our current business profile. We plan to provide a further update on the fourth quarter call.  Moving to our credit metrics, shown on Slide 10. Our FFO to debt percentage is lower at 13.1% and our parent debt to total debt has increased to 24.5%. In the third quarter, our customers continue to receive the significant benefits of tax reform, including the $266 million of unprotected excess ADIT I mentioned earlier. This brings the year-to-date total to $342 million. We expect FFO to debt to move a little over, over the next few quarters as we continue to return an estimated $640 million of remaining unprotected excess ADIT cash to customers. But beginning next quarter, we project an improvement in parent debt to total debt as we complete incremental debt issuances at utility and settle a portion of the equity forward. As I mentioned last quarter, we remain committed to our FFO to debt target at or above 15% by 2020 and our parent debt to total debt at or below 25%. Before we turn to Q&A, I want to reinforce that the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we are firmly on track to achieve our 2018 guidance and longer-term outlooks. We have executed on the majority of our business objectives for the year, including major milestones and the wind down of EWC. At the EEI, we plan to provide a preview of a few key considerations for 2019. We also plan to provide a preliminary three year capital plan. We're excited about where we stand as a company, and we're looking forward to continuing this conversation at EEI.  And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps, first just to kick it off, good progress on the nuclear plan thus far. Curious on where you stand with respect to any end point, recognizing that there is still some time before you actually shut down these units down. How are negotiations and progress going there? And how also at the same time are you thinking about cash flow and the net cash flow comment in light of some of the mark-to-market improvements in the last few months in Northeast more broadly?
Andrew Marsh: Julien, this is Drew. So on the first question regarding Indian Point, as we stated previously, our intent is to follow a path similar to Pilgrim, Palisades and Vermont Yankee on Indian Point. The good news is we have a lot of time. As you've mentioned, it's going to be a while before those plants are shut down. And we're receiving heightened interest because we've had success with Vermont Yankee on the NRC. So we're actually going to take some of the time to get the best deal we can, and we're not going to probably talk about specifics of the process and where we are in the process as we go along. And on the second question, regarding -- sorry, mark-to-market, when we were thinking about the cash measure, we were thinking about potential for contributions to our decommissioning trust funds and the current market expectations through the last couple of days are reflected in our expectation of positive cash '19 to '22.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And then, quick as a follow-up, good success on the regulated front as well. How are you thinking about execution against the higher equity ratios across your service territories as well? It seems like you've had some of the settlements coming already?
Andrew Marsh: I think if you look at Texas, it was close to 51%, the New Orleans request is above 50%, Louisiana is around 49%. The ones that we're still working on moving up are in Arkansas and Mississippi. I think Arkansas is the lowest at about 46% or so, so we are working on moving those up, but it'll take a little bit more time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And how is that reflected just -- if in the case of Arkansas on the context of what you all filed I believe is part of a settlement there too?
Andrew Marsh: I think that was what we anticipated when we made that filing, and we're expecting to move it up over the next few years.
Operator: And our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: I appreciate, Leo, the update on the legal topics proactively, so appreciate that. On the quarter, I wanted to firstly talk on load growth. The load growth year-to-date you mentioned is about 0.5%, but your guidance assumption was more like negative 0.7%. So just wanted to understand what's driving the improvement year-to-date? And is that more sustainable do you think? Or is that more 2018 specific?
Roderick West: It's Rod. I think driving the year, we saw continued strong industrial growth. But what was different was the residential and commercial sector being stronger than we anticipated. But to your question about how we think about that in the outlooks, our outlooks haven't change given the guidance we gave you through, I believe, 2022. So we're not making any adjustments to our long-term outlook.
Andrew Marsh: And just real I'll add that, we're expecting AMI as we deploy that will give our customers better information and that will actually put some pressure on residential and commercial sales as we go forward, and we are over that.
Praful Mehta: Got you, fair enough. And Drew maybe for you, the second question more on finance and then like the credit side. Looks like your FFO to debt, obviously, has gone below 15% target that you have, and the debt to cap has gone above the 65%. Wanted to understand are the rating agencies allowing you some time to deal with this ADIT credit and kind of allow that lower than 15% for a couple of years? How is that pressure or discussion with the agency going?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. Praful, they're fully aware of where we are and our plan associated with the excess ADIT. And what we've committed to for FFO to debt is 15% or above starting in 2020, and they're aware of that. And if you actually back out the excess ADIT, you'll see that we're still at 15% on that, there is a reconciliation in the back of the materials. On the debt to total capital, I don't know that they focus on that as much. They're going to be -- the main measure that Moody's in particular is looking at is that parent debt to total debt, and so we're maintaining that at or below 25%, and that number should start to drop over the next few quarters as we pull down on our equity forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Gregory Gordon: I'm wondering when we see you guys at EEI and we talk about the capital plan, I mean, your capital plan has been dominated by -- well, not dominated by, but a large portion of your capital plan has been focused on building large -- medium to large size CCGTs combustion turbines, the RISE plant in New Orleans. How much should we expect your -- the type of capital you're spending to evolve with regard to thinking about renewables, battery storage, energy efficiency technologies behind the meter as we move into the paradigm that other regions of the country, other utilities have sort of been compelled to or proactively embracing in terms of technological change?
Leo Denault: Yes, Greg, I'll start and let Drew jump in. At Analyst Day, we talked about the continued need for new generation. Obviously, that's actually when we had identified the Mississippi need at that point. If you think about the generation that we have, we will still continue to need to refresh that as we get through time, we still have significant amount of legacy generation that we can replace with newer, more modern, more efficient better environmental footprint type of stuff. But as we also mentioned there is a dynamic of renewables battery storage becoming economic and competitive with central station generation, and that's why as we've announced in the past, we've got 1,000 megawatts renewable under development at the moment, and we continue to look at ways to test out battery storage either as we have it with our New Orleans solar facility right now or even on grid and other areas where it would be useful for us to have battery storage. That's not necessarily only for the backup of generation, but some, to me, the T&D needs of the system.  But as you might recall also when we were at Analyst Day, we started to talk a lot more about grid modernization and where we could go with customer-facing types of investments, so we see that picking up as well, really in addition to and post-AMI, we should have a significant amount of investment where devices that give us more information about the grid, give us more capability to do things remotely, give us a little bit better troubleshooting capability and all that. In addition to how we manage information and data and analytics that go to our customers. So I guess, the bottom line is, we continue to have a lot of the traditional investment, particularly given the growth in the service territory, but you should see more and more of our investment start to pick up on the T&D side as well as we put together more of a grid modernization package. So the bottom line is, we are wanting for capital expenditure ideas. We're just managing those with what are the things that give us the most bang for a buck for our customers that continue to keep us as the lowest priced utility in the United States and to continue to improve our reliability all -- managing all of those at the same time, with a keen eye on where we're going from an environmental footprint standpoint. Each one of those new power plants that we add, adds a new resource that's significantly, more environmentally friendly than we want to replace. Certainly, when we go to renewables and battery storage more and more, that will improve our environmental footprint. And then, as Drew mentioned, AMI and some of these other technologies will get us in a mode to actually be able to drive our customer usage in a way that we're producing less such that we've got lower emissions as well. So a lot of win-win opportunities out there as technology starts to improve.
Andrew Marsh: I'll just finish that up, and I don't have a lot to add. In the operational IT kind of area where we talk about AMI and our new systems and distribution automation that kind of stuff, we're anticipating spending around $1.8 billion, $1.9 billion associated with that through the entire program. Now a little bit of that has been spent in '18. A lot of the meters, which probably make up $700 million, $800 million of it are going to start to roll out in January and be through '21. And then, we're going to also start to pick up distribution automation in that same time frame. So we have a significant amount of spending that we have identified. And then we also have some of the build on transfers like the new 800 megawatts of solar that we have proposed in New Orleans and so forth. So there is some of it in our capital plan right now, but as we have said, there is a lot more to go.
Gregory Gordon: One question, one follow-up, different topic. The end -- and think I applaud your desire to simplify your earnings disclosures. They are very, very, very complete and new but probably we could use some simplification going forward. But on that front, for many, many years, you've had a very successful ability to bring in earnings through tax and while that's created a lot of volatility, it's created value. How deep of a well should we assume you have? I mean, there must be a finite opportunity to go back and work with the IRS and the states to improve your tax positions pro forma. It's been so many years since year-after-year you've been successful in making that kind of a profit center, how long should we assume that can continue?
Andrew Marsh: Greg, it's Drew. So certainly, we think about that like we think other line items and to the extent that we can benefit our customers, we would certainly continue to go look for opportunities. And so that's -- that part won't change, and so I think we will continue to drive in that direction for the time being and for the foreseeable future. We do think that there might be other things out there, but they're not well baked enough at this point to be able to articulate exactly what they would be or when they would come.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a question. I believe when you recently announced Holtec deal, you indicated that you felt that they would be quicker to get through the NRC process second time around and you put some parameters around that. So I'm just curious having completed Vermont Yankee, do you still feel that's the case? And can you remind us sort of what you're thought process around giving Palisades and Pilgrim done would be time wise?
Andrew Marsh: Sure. This is Drew. And as you remember, Jonathan, Vermont Yankee deal is kind of a first of a kind deal, so everybody was learning through that process, and certainly, the NRC was learning through the process, and we would expect that there would be some kind of learning curve associated with it. And so our current anticipation is that we would complete the Pilgrim process by the end of next year. The Palisades process, of course, won't commence until 2022. But if we would expect some time second half of 2022 is whenever we would be able to close that particular half of the transaction.
Jonathan Arnold: Do I hear right that you would file with NRC on Pilgrim this quarter or early next? Sorry, I missed it.
Andrew Marsh: We're aiming for this quarter. We're aiming for this quarter.
Jonathan Arnold: So you're thinking this is roughly a little over a year process now rather than however long that you eye to?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, roughly, exactly.
Operator: And your next question comes from Paul Fremont with Mizuho.
Paul Fremont: I guess, you mentioned sort of a commitment to an improved FFO to debt ratio by 2020. Can you just elaborate on how you go from the current level to a committed higher level that you've promised for the rating agencies?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. Paul, it's Drew. So I think the main difference is just the absent of returning -- assets returning all that cash. So I think, I would have it as a top line deficit of year-to-date $342 million. You add that back in, it should improve. The other thing I think that will improve is just the business as well. Things like the Choctaw transaction, Moody's actually wrote about it as a positive thing because we will go into new rates as soon as we close, and we'll start to collect on that. There won't be any lag associated with it and it's a significant investment. So that should improve our cash coverage ratios.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And you don't anticipate then any need for equity in the -- over the next several years then?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. It's no difference in what we said at Analyst Day, which is nothing expect until 2021 or beyond.
Operator: And the next question comes from Charles Fishman with MorningStar Research.
Charles Fishman: Of course, condolences on Wayne. I know he meant a lot to people at your end. He certainly was a well-respected executive among the analyst community.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Charles. Appreciate it.
Charles Fishman: Slide 37 on the special items, just had a couple questions on that. Fourth line down, the gain loss on sale of assets, that line is driven by the performance of MVP. Is that correct?
Andrew Marsh: A little bit. And the ARO as we mentioned for Pilgrim this quarter, the ARO changed as the decommissioning cost estimate changed. And it actually changed the amount of the loss that we would have experienced in next -- in 2019 next year and moved it forward to this quarter. So you saw that come down a little bit as relates to the Pilgrim transaction. The other thing that's been going on is we've been working hard on some deferred tax assets that we have in those companies -- those project companies. And to the extent that we can find ways to utilize those, we wouldn't have to write them off.
Charles Fishman: So the ARO revaluation, you move that to '18 and that went up in what line 2? And then there was also an improvement in line 4 on the gain loss. Is that -- did I get it...
Andrew Marsh: Yes, but it would have been in different years, yes. So it would have gone in, in '18 and out in '19. David and I have lots of time to explain that off the call. But yes, it's -- it basically -- we're expecting a larger loss at Pilgrim, now it would be a smaller loss because of that.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to David Borde for any closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Jimmy, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our annual report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a reminder, we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's Investor Relations website called Regulatory and Other Information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information, you should not rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude your program and you may disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - Vice President and Director of Investor Relations Leo Denault - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Drew Marsh - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Shar Pourezza - Guggenheim Praful Mehta - Citi Group Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host today for today's conference, David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In efforts to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. Our planned remarks will be shorter today given our recent Analyst Day and we know you have a busy morning and therefore are scheduled for 45 minutes. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from these forward looking statements due to a number of factors which are set forth in our earning's release, our slide presentation and our SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And, now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you David and good morning everyone. Given that we are coming off of the Analyst Day, our remarks today will be brief. The main update is that we had a strong quarter and we remain on track with all of our strategic operational and financial objectives. As we stated when we saw you in New York, we have a solid capital plan that is largely ready for execution from a regulatory standpoint, with a demonstrated track record of on-time and on-budged performance. This capital plan will modernize our technology across all functional groups and provide significant value for our customers in service level, sustainability and costs while fueling growth in our business. Additionally, we continue to make significant progress toward transitioning to a pure-play utility as evidenced by our announcement today that we have signed purchase and sale agreements with a subsidiary of Holtec International to sell both Pilgrim and Palisades after their scheduled shutdown. Turning to financial results, we are reporting second quarter Utility, Parent and Other adjusted EPS of a $1.23 and consolidated operational earnings per share of a $1.79. Drew will cover the numbers in more detail, but this quarter's results keep us firmly on track to achieve our full-year guidance and our long-term outlooks. At our businesses, we continue to make good progress achieving our goals. Starting with major projects, in Louisiana, the public service commission approved our agreement to purchase Washington Parish Energy Center. Calpine will construct the 361 MW facility which we expect to purchase in 2021. We also continue to make progress on our four new build generation projects. We discussed those in detail on our Analyst Day, and all projects remain on budget and on schedule. Yesterday, we issued a full notice to proceed on the Montgomery County power station. The transmissions are $187 million Lake Charles transmission project is nearing completion. Major portions are already in service providing benefits to our customers. We are finishing the final major phase of work replacing the towers and lines to expand the Calcasieu River. We expect completion in the third quarter. With approximately 1,000 MW in various stages of development, we are committed to providing our customers with renewable power options which are playing an increasingly important role in our resource planning. In Arkansas, the commission approved a new 100 MW solar PPA which includes a green pricing tariff option for Entergy Arkansas's customers. Entergy New Orleans submitted a request to improve three renewable projects totaling 90 MW of solar generation including a 20 MW PPA, a 20 MW self-build and 50 MW acquisition. The projects would be expected to be in service in the 2020 or 2021 time frame. Entergy New Orleans also included a request in its rate case filing to implement a community solar and a green pricing option. We are evaluating similar offerings in our other jurisdictions. Turning to nuclear operations ANO units one and two have returned to Column one of the NRC's reactor over-site process. This marks the culmination of a comprehensive and dedicated effort by our nuclear team especially our Arkansas Nuclear one employees. As a result of this hard work, we've improved human performance, equipment reliability and safety culture. At Grand Gulf the NRC held an exit conference on June 28. At that meeting, the NRC concluded that the plant had successfully met the objectives for the supplemental inspection. We expect Grand Gulf to transition the column one once the inspection report is issued which we anticipate later this month. Turning to regulatory activity. We've been busy with rate proceedings in all five of our jurisdictions. We are pleased to note that when combined with the positive resolutions around the implementation of tax reform, we expect our customers to see minimal impacts to the rates over the next few years, even, as we implement our solid customer centric investment plan. Specifically, Entergy Mississippi received approval of its annual FRP. The filings resolve the effects of tax reform including customer refunds and rate base offsets; and because of the lower federal tax rate, no base rate change was needed. In May, Texas submitted its filing requesting a net base rate change of a $118 million. In addition, we proposed refunds of unprotected excess ADIT to Entergy Texas customers, which will return approximately $200 million over two years. The net impact to customer rates in the next few years would be $17 million, significantly lower than the base rate impact. Entergy Louisiana filed its annual FRP in June. Because of the effects of tax reform and cost rolling off of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, customer rates will actually decline over the rate affected period. Entergy Arkansas Valley filed its annual evaluation report in early June-- July; because of the 4% rate gap we requested revenue change of $65 million for 2019. This rate change will be more than offset by the return of $466 million of unprotected excess ADIT through the end of next year. And finally, Entergy New Orleans filed its base rate case yesterday which reflects an expected net decrease of approximately $20 million. We also requested a formula rate plan for test years 2019 through 2021 and several new customer offerings, such as a prepaid tariff that we intend to launch after AMI is fully deployed ,electric vehicle charging infrastructure tariff and a fixed billing option. These filings are an important piece to achieving our objectives. There are also illustration of the commitment of our leadership, our employees and our regulators to our customers. I appreciate our retail regulators timely and constructive review and evaluation not only of these filings, but on a broader portfolio of changes we have implemented together in the past several years for the benefit of our customers. We look forward to our continued constructive relationships. As I just mentioned, in the quarter customers started to see benefits from tax reform in their bills, which included $278 million of unprotected excess ADIT. More than half of that, a $150 million was credited to customer bills. The remainder reduced plant balances at Entergy Mississippi. $278 million of benefits in one quarter is impressive and represents substantial savings for our customers. At EWC, see our proposal to sell Vermont Yankee to NorthStar is still progressing; we are awaiting approvals from the NRC and the Vermont Public Utility Commission. The Vermont Commission has decided to issue its decision regarding the settlement after the NRC determination is made which we expect late in the third quarter. At the plant, all of the remaining nuclear fuel has been removed from the spent fuel pool and loaded into the last drive fuel canister, which will be moved to the fuel pad within the next few days. This is an important milestone for our VY transaction as completing this work is a condition to close. We still target completion of the transaction by year-end. Additionally, today we announced agreements to sell Pilgrim and Palisades to Nuclear Asset Management Company, a subsidiary of Holtec International. With these agreements we have now solidified plans to fully divest three of our remaining four EWC nuclear sites. This significantly furthers our strategy to transition to a pure play utility. The agreement will accelerate decommissioning at both sites. Holtech has partnered with SNC Lavalin group to form Comprehensive Decommissioning International or CDI, which will complete the decommissioning work. CDI bring significant experience and expertise in decommissioning and site remediation. We are very pleased with this announcement and the incremental clarity it provides for our exit from EWC. At Indian Point, unit two completed its final refueling outage. That unit is now in its final operating cycle. We are proud of the significant benefits that unit two has provided for its customers and its community remain focused on finishing strong, until the unit closes in April of 2020. I would also like to highlight a few of our other activities and achievements. In June, we received our 29th EEI award for emergency response following severe winter storms in the Northeast. The work of Entergy's crews to restore power to customers impacted by the Nor'easters is a great example of mutual assistance in action in our industry's commitment to serving customers. In May, we went to our nation's capital to advocate for low income customers. We helped United Way introduce a nationwide effort to quantify and describe the number of households that are struggling financially. The program is titled ALICE and represents families who are employed, but have limited assets and limited income. Helping Alice's families and our communities is an important business imperative for us as our success is directly tied to prosperity of our communities. As a result of efforts like this, Entergy was once again named one of the 50 most community minded companies in the United States. As I said in the outset, we had a strong quarter; 2018 has already been a year of significant accomplishments that keep us on track to meet all of our strategic, operational and financial objectives. At the utility, we are managing our business to preserve competitive rates for our customers, even as we implement our solid customer centric investment plan. At EWC with our announcement to sell Pilgrim and Palisades, we continue to make significant progress for transitioning to a pure play utility. Finally, our financial results firmly position us to achieve our full year guidance and our long-term outlooks. We look forward to a productive second half year, and I'll now turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo and good morning everyone. As Leo mentioned, our accomplishments this quarter directly support the plans and objectives we reinforced at Analyst Day, in particular results for the quarter were strong and keep us firmly on track to achieve our full-year guidance and longer-term outlooks. While I turn to the results in greater detail, there are two items of note for the quarter that I would like to point out. First, we reached a settlement with the IRS for the 2012 and 2013 tax years. This is a positive outcome and generated an earnings benefit of $0.31. Second, as Leo mentioned, our customers started to see benefits from $278 million of unprotected excess ADIT related to tax reform. As a result, the net revenue and income tax lines are complex, and I will continue until customers have received the full benefit of the return. Remember these entries offset each other dollar-to-dollar, so there is no bottom line earnings impact. Beyond the accounting, I want to point out that within six months of the enactment of tax reforms; we achieved sufficient clarity around implementation such that our customers are already receiving significant benefit. This accomplishment is a direct result of efforts with our retail regulators to meet our customers' expectation. Now turning to results on Slide 4, operational earnings for Entergy Consolidated were a $1.32 lower than second quarter 2017. You will recall that last year's results reflected approximately $2 of income tax benefit at EWC. This year's results include $0.31 of income tax benefit, $0.24 of which is at new P&L. This is the result of the 2012 and 2013 IRS Audit I mentioned a moment ago. Breaking down the results starting with Utility, Parent and Others on Slide 5, adjusted earnings were $0.11 higher than the prior year. Excluding the $278 million of unprotected excess ADIT, net revenue increased as a result of higher unbilled sales and positive rate actions in Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas. Similar to last quarter, regulatory provisions to return benefits of the lower tax rate to customers and Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans, partially offset the quarter's increase. Other factors included higher non-fuel O&M due largely to powerful average cost as well as energy efficiency and storm reserves, lower income tax expense due to the reduction of the federal income tax rate and lastly other drivers related to our growth such as higher depreciation and interest expenses. Moving to EWC's result on Slide 6, operational earnings was $0.14 excluding last year's tax item; the key driver for EWC was higher net revenue due to higher sales volume as a result of fewer outage days in second quarter 2018. Lower energy pricing somewhat offset this increase. Before leaving EWC, I would like to mention a few details regarding the progress of efforts to reduce risk at EWC and transform our company. As Leo said, the Pilgrim and Palisades transaction-- with the Pilgrim and Palisades transactions, we have now solidified plan to fully divest three of four remaining EWC nuclear sites. And these transactions support our expectation for EWC to provide positive net cash to parent through 2022. Energy sales are approximately 90% hedged for the remaining life of our merchant assets significantly reducing our revenue risk. We've improved operations through the focus work of our dedicated nuclear employees and expect Pilgrim to return to Column one before the plant closes in 2019. As Leo also mentioned, the VY, all the remaining nuclear fuel has been removed from the spent fuel pool and would soon loaded to dry fuel cash for long term storage. These collective actions significantly further our strategy to transition to a pure play utility. Turning back to the quarter; Slide 7 shows operating cash flow totaling $523 million, approximately $230 million higher than year ago. The increase is due to lower nuclear refueling outage spending, lower severance and retention payments in EWC and increased collection of fuel and purchase power cost at utility. However, return of the unprotected excess ADIT to customers partly offset the increase. Slide 8 and 9 contain our 2018 earnings guidance ranges and our longer-term Utility, Parent & Other adjusted outlook, both of which we are affirming today. For 2018, we expect results to come in around the midpoint for Utility, Parent & Other adjusted and in the top half of the range for consolidated operational. Also, as we mentioned on last quarter's call, our consolidated operational guidance assumes a $100 million favorable tax item at EWC which we still expect to materialize in the third quarter. Our credit metrics are shown on Slide 10. Our FFO to debt percentage remained at 15.4% and our parent debt to total debt have increased to 24.1%. The increase in parent debt to total debt is timing related due to the return of the unprotected excess ADIT and capital investments for growth. This measure should move lower later this year with incremental debt issuance that the utility and realization of a portion of the forward equity sale. We remain committed to our FFO to debt target at or about 15% by 2020; and our parent debt to total debt at or below 25%. Before we turn to Q&A, I want to thank you for joining our Analyst Day either in person or through the webcast. As we demonstrated, we have compelling strategy that translates into strong financial growth and value for our investors. With our capital plan largely ready for execution from a regulatory approval standpoint and good visibility on our rate growth, we are confident in our 5% to 7% UP&O adjusted earnings growth trajectory. Our accomplishments this quarter directly support our plan and objectives, and we're firmly on track to achieve our full year guidance and longer-term outlooks. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourezza from Guggenheim & Partners. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourezza: Good morning, guys. So, congrats on the Pilgrim and Palisades decom sales, just one question mainly about Indian Point, anything to read into the fact that Indian Point wasn't sort of part of this package deal, is there sort of some logistical challenges that are pertinent to Indian Point, so how we should think about the last remaining asset that you guys own?
Leo Denault: There is no challenge associated with that Shar. It's really a function of, if you recall, at up until a little while ago, Palisades was going to be the first plant that we will close. Since that didn't come to fruition we continued on the path of the package deal with Pilgrim and Palisades because they were originally the first after VY, the nest two in line. So, nothing to read into it. I think the only thing to read in is that, as we have mentioned before there is a developing market for this kind of activity as we-- and as you have seen others started after decommissioning these plants.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta from Citi. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta: Hi, guys. Thanks. So, again congrats on Pilgrim and Palisades, just any more color you can provide in terms of the price-- have you provided some terms which-- wanted to get a little bit color around the transaction and what are the-- what are the challenge is you think in terms of approvals?
Drew Marsh: Sure, Praful. It's Drew. In terms of the price, I think what we said it was a nominal amount which I mean, I think that probably means that you could afford it if you can demonstrate the capability to decommission a nuclear plant, but it's not a lot of money, and so the main objective for us, of course is to move the risk to a party that is capable of doing it and doing it much quicker than we can. And that will benefit our communities and/or other stakeholders much better. So, I think that's the main point of that.
Praful Mehta: Got you. And from an approval process perspective, you would see a similar path that you went down with VY as an NRC kind of the key driver or do you see other kind of approvals that may take longer here in these transactions?
Drew Marsh: Sure. From an approval perspective, it's really just the NRC in this case, and we don't see specific state regulatory role right now.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thanks. And then finally as you continue to make this successful transition to the pure-play utility story, wanted to understand, again strategically, if there is anything else we should be thinking about, as you step back and look at the path going forward, is there anything in terms of utility growth or in terms of your own portfolio optimization, anything you should be thinking about as you look at the utility story going forward?
Leo Denault: I think it's all the same-- the same story that we were telling you-- a little over a month ago in Analyst Day, we continue to see robust capital plan at the Utility. We continue to see the mechanism that we have in place that currently match up with that plan and your changes around the edges to a regulatory constructs to match new types of investments as we go forward. So really, this has given us between all the things Drew mentioned in terms of the hedging and the operations, the sales of these facilities gives us a lot of capacity financially, operationally, management, bandwidth et cetera to really focus on the growth of the utility and the benefits that our customers will see through those types of investments, whether those are the new generating plants that we are building, the renewals that we are putting in place, AMI and whatever comes after that. So, really, just a big focus on making investments that fuel the growth of the business, but as you can see we continue to be one of the lowest priced options as far as the provision of electricity in United States, and we are trying to hold on to that while we grow the bus rapidly.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Congrats on the recent announcements. Just keeping up with the EWC business quick, can you give any additional color on how to think about the cash flow impact for the agreement? I am specifically thinking about kind of the NRC minimum site costs required versus the NDT balances that you disclosed in your slides?
Drew Marsh: This is Drew. So, on an overall cash flow basis, like I said in my remarks our expectations from EWC is that we would have positive net cash flow back to the parent through 2022. That's still the case, and as it relates to NDT expectations, we do not expect to-- have to contribute any more funds to those NDTs prior to transaction for Pilgrim and Palisades.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks. Just switching to UP&O quick, I know that there has been higher authorized asks at Arkansas specifically, in the 5% to 7% forecast for UP&O how do you kind of think about the high-end versus the low-end of the forecast and your assumptions for equity layers? If we kept equity layers kind of flat through the period, where would that put within your guidance range?
Drew Marsh: Well, our expectation is-- and we have talked about this a little bit on Analyst Day is that we would have to see the equity layers at the utility grow a little bit over time and so we are getting around 49% over the next few years. So, if you-- I don't have forecast that would say we keep it flat. If we did that, I think it would obviously change things a little bit; it would lower our current debt for sure, and so that would be helpful from a parent-debt perspective, but I think overall it might be slightly negative. But the-- our objective is to raise our equity layer on utilities over the next few years.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont from Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Paul Fremont: Thanks. So with agreements in place for three of the nukes and also a significant amount of hedging through everybody's remaining life, can you just give us a sense of what the cash flow associated with those three units is going to look like through 2022?
Drew Marsh: That the - you are talking about Pilgrim, Palisades and Indian point?
Paul Fremont: Well Pilgrim, Palisades and I guess Vermont Yankee, right because--
Leo Denault: Okay, you are talking about--
Paul Fremont: Because, Indian Point still isn't resolved, right?
Drew Marsh: Right. So Vermont Yankee, of course is in decommissioning now, and its funds are primarily coming from the trust, and hopefully we will close by the end of the year, which is our expectation. And then those cash flows - there wouldn't be any significant cash flow on an ongoing basis in that regard for decommissioning there. The Pilgrim and Palisades are really no different from what we were showing before. I guess they're from a cash flow perspective once Pilgrim was going to close. Again those dollars in our forecasts we're going to be coming from the decommissioning trust, as well as Palisades. But Palisades was pretty much at the very end of our forecasts that we showed you at Analyst Day. So net --net, our cash flow forecasts overall for EWC which includes our expectations for shutting down those plants, and then completing the sales of them is positive net cash back parent through 2022.
Paul Fremont: So is it fair to assume that for Pilgrim and Palisades, its likely sort of a negative cash flow profile that's offset by the contract revenue that's coming in from Indian Point?
Drew Marsh: I'm not sure. There's isn't contract revenue at Indian Point. There is one at Palisades.
Paul Fremont: I'm sorry the hedge --in other words, the hedge run is still coming in -
Drew Marsh: Yes. Palisades is our most cash flow positive plant to be sure during the contracted period. On a merchant basis of course that's a different question. But you there is positive cash flow at Palisades through 2022.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the call back over to David Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Glenda and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Our Annual Report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, as a remainder we maintain a web page as part of Entergy's investor relations website called regulatory and other information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. While some of this information may be considered material information we should rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. And you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - Vice President and Director of Investor Relations Leo Denault - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Drew Marsh - Chief Financial Officer Rod West - Group President, Utility Operations Chris Bakken - Executive Vice President Nuclear Operations and Chief Nuclear Officer
Analysts: Shar Pourezza - Guggenheim Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Praful Mehta - Citi Group Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Entergy's Vice President of Investor Relations, David Borde. Please go ahead.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in our earnings release, our slide presentation and the Company's SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting solid first quarter results with Utility Parent & Other adjusted earnings of $0.71 per share and consolidated operational earnings of $1.16 per share. Drew will cover the financials in more detail, but the bottom line is that this quarter's results keep us on track to achieve our full year UP&O adjusted and consolidated operational guidance and our long term outlooks. This first quarter was a productive start to the year and we executed operationally with success on key projects and regulatory initiatives. The quarter's accomplishments continue our strategic execution on key deliverables dating back to the first quarter of 2015 when we initiated the concept of our quarterly to do less. Its 13 consecutive quarters where we've met essentially every goal we set out as critical to our broader overall strategy. Some of our goals were ambitious, but we're confident that we have the organization, focus and commitment to succeed. Our progress this quarter is an extension of those efforts. Specifically, we continue to move forward with our new build generation projects. The New Orleans power station was officially approved and we've issued full notice proceed with the engineering, procurement and construction contractor. This 128 megawatt reciprocating internal combustion engine facility will provide significant reliability and cost benefits to customers and it will be the only large scale generation located within in the city of New Orleans. The flexible design of this facility will also make it well suited to support intermittent renewable resources like solar. The Montgomery County power station in Texas is also under way. The EPC contractor has been released to start engineering and order major equipment and this summer we were issued full notice to proceed on that project. As for the St Charles and Lake Charles power stations, construction advances on both projects. All the major equipment is in place for St Charles and Lake Charles is well into its engineering and procurement phases and moving forward with its construction phase. I'm pleased with the progress we've made on these important resources all of which are proceeding on schedule and on budget. For Washington Parish Energy Center, we have reached an unopposed agreement in principle and will be preparing settlement documents and filing to present to the Louisiana Commission. We expect to present the filing in time for the LPse consideration this summer. We are also planning for the future of our power generation organization. We recently announced a partnership with River Parishes Community College to open a power generation training center on the college's campus in Gonzales, Louisiana. We expect to send up to 400 employees each year for training at the center. We've made significant progress on key transmission projects that will improve reliability support growth and lower costs for our customers. Our Lake Charles transmission project is our largest transmission undertaking ever and it will provide improved reliability and additional load serving capability in an area that is experiencing significant industrial growth. The major components have been completed with portions now placed in service and already benefiting customers. We also completed large projects in southeast Louisiana and Mississippi that are already providing reliability benefits to customers in those areas and we are developing and constructing several large projects in Texas. In addition, the transmission employees achieved over one million hours without a recordable accident. That's just over 210 days through the end of the quarter, setting a record for the transmission organization. I applaud our employees for reaching this milestone in their continued diligence and focus on safety. We are approximately 60% complete with the build out of the IT systems required to support advanced meter deployment. We are working to complete those systems and finalize meter and communication network development plans as well as customer education plans. The AMI project remains on track to begin meter installations in 2019. These advanced meters will provide significant benefits to our customers and lay the foundation for the next generation of grid technology investments for our system. On the regulatory front, Louisiana Public Service Commission approved our unopposed settlement agreement for Entergy Louisiana's annual Formula Rate Plan through 2020. This is a good outcome and another positive step toward ensuring that we have progressive, efficient recovery mechanisms in our jurisdictions. This settlement was the result of another constructive collaborative effort among all the stakeholder groups and gives us the financial flexibility to continue to invest in the reliability of our infrastructure for the benefit of our customers. As part of the settlement we will reset rates to a 9.95% ROE in 2018 and our customers will receive the benefits of the lower income tax rate. The settlement also includes a provision for the return of more than $200 million to customers for unprotected excess ADIT. Half of that will be returned this year and the remainder over the next four years. The FRP now has a new transmission rider that will help ensure more timely recovery of Entergy Louisiana's transmission investment. The overall framework also includes other refinements that we believe will position us to earn our allowed return in Louisiana during the FRP period. We will submit our first filing under the FRP by the end of June for rates to be effective in September of this year. And finally, Entergy Mississippi filed its annual FRP in March because of the effects of the lower federal tax rate we have requested no change in base rates. The FRP filing also includes our proposal to return unprotected excess ADIT. Under our proposal Mississippi customers would receive bill credits this year totaling approximately $80 million and the remaining balance will be used to recover certain items on Entergy Mississippi's balance sheet that otherwise would be in rates [ph]. Of course as we execute on our investment plan we remain focused on customer bills. Today we already have some of the lowest retail rates in the country. Going forward, the lower federal tax rate, the roll off of securitizations, continued industrial growth and the deployment of AMI are all important drivers that will help keep our rates low for the benefit of our customers Also during the quarter Entergy Louisiana signed a ten year agreement with Yuhuang Chemical to supply power to a new methanol facility YCI is investing $1.5 billion in the construction of its methanol plant, which is scheduled to be completed by first quarter of 2020. This project is just another example of the continuing economic development opportunities in our service areas. We are proud of our contribution to these efforts as these types of projects are critical to the wellbeing of the communities we serve. Our economic development teams are actively engaged with existing customers, new prospects, site selection consultants, state agencies and local economic development organizations to bring more industrial growth opportunities to our region and we continue to see strong interest supported by a favorable business and economic environment. For example, we expect oil to gas ratio to sustain at competitive levels, which improves customer economics in the petrochemical value chain. In addition, LNG markets are absorbing incremental supply at a fairly rapid pace and the market is poised to meet additional liquefaction capacity by early 2020. The pending International Maritime Organization rules we kept sulfur and marine fuel starting in 2020. The high sulfur fuel oil that would no longer be suitable for burning in ships would require secondary process and to further refine the products to meet the new standards. This could create an economic opportunity for refiners to incrementally expand secondary processing units such as hydrocrackers. Overall the indicators that have led to continued industrial sales growth in our service territory are still trending in positive direction. At our merchant business, we continue to focus on safety and risk mitigation as we steadily move toward the end of operation we reached a settlement agreement for the sale of Vermont Yankee and NorthStar . Evidentiary hearings will be held in May and we've requested a decision from the Vermont Public Utility Commission in July. That transaction will also require approval from the NRC and we continue to expect a decision in the third quarter. With respect to Indian Point, we have received determinations from the New York ISO that I PEC's retirement will not create any reliability concerns nor will it raise any market power issues. We are on track to retire the units as scheduled. We recently wrapped up last refueling outage of the unit two and that unit is now in its final operating cycle. The outage was completed within our schedule and budget. The Indian Point 2 has been an important asset for Entergy and the communities it serves and supports. I would like to acknowledge the work of all of our employees at the plant over the years and their commitment to finish strong. On April 2, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission began its final quarterly inspection of ANO's confirmatory action letter progress. The few remaining items are being addressed in ANO's current refueling outage and all are expected to be satisfactorily closed to support closure of the confirmatory action letter this June. As a result, we are on track for ANO to exit column 4 and return to normal oversight by the end of the second quarter. At Grand Gulf, we're also in a refueling outage where we are working on a number of important maintenance projects and equipment upgrades. In combination with both the thorough review of processes, procedures and protocols we conducted at the plant and the more than 3,100 hundred hours of training in operations, maintenance and technical fields our crews underwent in the past 18 months, we expect the reliability of the plant and its capability factor to improve going forward. I'd also like to acknowledge a few awards and recognitions that we've received so far this year. Entergy Texas and Entergy Mississippi received 2018 ENERGY STAR Awards for their outstanding efforts to promote energy efficiency and educate customers. Entergy was named for the third consecutive year by the Women's Business Enterprise National Council to the list of America's top corporations for women's business enterprise. The honor recognizes corporations that have implemented world class policies and programs to enable growth and reduce barriers for women owned businesses. And the Louisiana Society for Human Resource Management also awarded Entergy its 2018 Excellence in Diversity Award, recognizing the impact we've made fostering a diverse and inclusive work culture. As a reminder we recently released our 2017 integrated report entitled Utility Reimagined, where we discuss in detail the many ways we are creating sustainable value for all four of our stakeholders. We've increased our environmental, social and government's disclosures and in particular we've adopted the Edison Electric Institute's ESG template as part of our integrated report. In a continued effort to provide you with relevant information, we're also reviewing and assessing evolving best practices on a two degrees scenario analysis including the newly published series framework for US utilities with a view toward preparing a two degree scenario analysis that would likely be published either as part or concurrently with our 2018 integrated report. We also remain focused on continuing to reduce our carbon footprint. Our efforts began nearly two decades ago when we were the first US utility to commit to voluntarily stabilizing CO2 emissions. We are working to expand our portfolio of renewable resources in ways that complement our existing resources and capabilities while maintaining our low customer rates. On our fourth quarter call in February we mentioned that we are pursuing over 800 megawatts of renewables, since then we have identified new opportunities and we are now evaluating more than 1000 megawatts of renewables. Some of these projects have been announced while others are still in confidential discussions. As renewable resources continue to become increasingly efficient and cost competitive, we plan to take further advantage of these opportunities. Increasing our use of renewables is one way for us to meet customer energy needs and expectations. As I discussed on our last earnings call, we recognize the utility industry is in midst of change. We're planning for the long term future of the company and are laying the foundation to provide innovative customer solutions in a changing world. To further enhance our focus on this commitment, we've assembled a cross functional team of employees led by a newly created leadership position that reports directly to me. This team is dedicated to developing ideas, evaluating opportunities and implementing action plans to meet the demands of our rapidly evolving industry. They're working to identify solutions that leverage new technologies such as data analytics, automation, distributed generation, utility and community scale solar, micro grids, battery storage, electric vehicles and other emerging technologies, all while keeping in mind as we always do our most impoverished customers and the environment. Finally, earlier this year we welcome John Burbank to our board of directors. John has strong experience in developing and executing strategies for customer facing businesses that are dealing with transformational change. He also has expertise in digital technology, customer data analytics and product development. All of this makes John, uniquely suited to help us take advantage of innovations to meet ever evolving customer expectations As I said at the outset, we had a solid start to 2018, a start that keeps us on our path for continued sustainable growth in our core business. We're well positioned for continued success in delivering on our commitments to you. We are excited about this journey and we look forward to talking to you more at our Analyst Day on June 21. I will now turn the call over to Drew to cover our financial results for the quarter in more detail.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning everyone. As Leo said, the first quarter was a solid start to the year and the bottom line is that we're on track to meet our full year Utility Parent & Other adjusted and consolidated operational guidance in our long term outlook. Let's get straight to the numbers. Overall, operational earnings for Entergy consolidated and increased $0.17 quarter-over-quarter. Drivers included the lower tax rate favorable weather as well the unfavorable effects from the implementation ASU 2016-01 on our nuclear decommissioning trust fund the DWC. We drill down into the different segments starting with our core Utility Parent & Other business on Slide 5. Adjusted earnings were $0.12 lower than the prior year due to a few key drivers. Despite strong weather adjusted sales growth and positive rate actions in both Arkansas and Texas, unbilled sale volumes were lower. We also record regulatory provisions of both Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans to reflect regulatory agreements regarding implementation of the effective tax reform, combined, these drivers resulting in a decrease. Non-fuel O&M was higher largely from nuclear expenses, including nuclear payroll, which has increased as we continue to ramp up staffing pursuant to our plan. We don't expect nuclear to be a significant driver for the full year. In addition, because of ongoing capital about in our core business, we naturally see increases in Ad Valorem and franchise taxes, which are partly offset by AFUDC. Finally, the quarter reflected the lower federal tax rate. Even though our UPO adjusted results were lower quarter-over-quarter, our expectations for the full year did not change. We're now on track to meet our 2018 guidance through a combination of factors that will benefit us in the second half of the year, including rate actions and O&M timing. Rate actions included an expectation for the recently approved Entergy Louisiana FRP. As Leo mentioned this is a good outcome for our customers and all of our other stakeholders and will position Entergy Louisiana on its elaborate turn during the FRP period. As you know Louisiana is our largest jurisdiction, we're happy with the collaborative effort from all stake holders to reach agreement. Turning to EWC's first quarter results summarized on Slide 6. Operational earnings were $0.33 approximately $0.04 lower than the prior year. Excluding FitzPatrick, the key driver for EWC was weak market performance in the quarter for EWC's nuclear decommissioning trust fund. Changes in the accounting rules now requires to mark the equity portion of investment to market. It doesn't change our view on the long term value of the fund, our anticipated cash flows from EWC or efforts toward commercial resolution of the EWC business. The balance of the trust as of March 31 was approximately $4 billion and the key value driver for decommissioning is identifying economies of scale and engineering solutions that could reduce the ultimate cost, we're aggressively pursuing these types of solutions. Lower income tax expense from reductions of federal tax rate combined with the change in pretax income partly offset the overall operational earnings decline. Slide 7 shows operating cash flow for the quarter $557 million, quite increase from a year ago. The change was driven by lower refueling outage spending and all the effect of favorable weather partially offset by lower net revenue at EWC. Today we are affirming our 2018 earnings guidance ranges and our longer term UPO adjusted outlook, which are summarized on Slides 8 and 9. For our consolidated operational guidance, the unfavorable nuclear decommissioning trust returns in the first quarter were lower than our planning assumption. But it's still early in year and we're working on various opportunities to both Utility and EWC. We're confident that we can overcome first quarter headwinds by the end of the year. Also as a reminder our guidance assumed $1000 million favorable tax item at EWC, which we currently expect to materialize in the third quarter of this year. Our credit metrics are shown on Slide 10. As we mentioned on our last earnings call the impact of tax reform [indiscernible] next few quarters. Continue to make good progress on tax reform in our jurisdiction. The dialogue with our regulators was constructive and we're optimistic that we receive approvals to return the unprotected portion of the excess ADIT sooner than we originally anticipated. This will temporarily put additional pressure on our credit metrics we recognize the value of returning the benefits to our customers sooner rather than later. There's an uncertainty of how tax reform will be implemented in growing our net rate base faster. This should also accelerate the recovery of our credit metrics. In short, our plan continues to shape up, positioning us better to maintain our current credit rating of BBB+ and Baa2. Our plan to include issuing approximately $1 billion equity [indiscernible] and we still expect that to occur before the end of 2019. The form of equity we issued, the timing of the issuance and the method by which we choose to execute are all under consideration with a priority of maintaining flexibility to optimize the execution. In summary, before I turn to Analyst Day, this is a solid start to the year. Our result keep us on track to achieve our full year guidance and outlooks through 2020, continues to strengthen our business risk profile and position us better to maintain our current credit rating. Now, let's look beyond 2020, which we will discuss in greater detail in Analyst Day. We see no shortage of investment opportunity to sustain our growth beyond our current outlook period. Investment opportunities that build on the strong foundation we've established in the past few years, which we continue to certify. The new clean efficient innovative generation resources to grid technology such as smart devices, distributed generation micro-grid and battery storage there is significant investment opportunity to deliver tailored solutions to meet our customers rapidly changing expectations. Because of the pace of change that we are anticipating, financial agility will be increasingly important and that means maintaining or even improving our strong balance sheet. Therefore, at the Analyst Day, we'll layout a financing plan meets our earnings and credit objectives. We see great opportunities ahead for our company and all our stakeholders. As Leo mentioned, in the future we want to deliver tailored customer solutions beyond basic power delivery and provide the most accessible, affordable, reliable and sustainable energy mix for our customers. We look forward to seeing you on Analyst Day to continue this dialog. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourezza with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourezza: Good morning, guys. So let me just ask - start off by asking on the performance of your decommissioning trust funds. Obviously the performance for the quarter was somewhat materially less than your expectations. So can you kind of one, elaborate what drove this and more importantly does your fundamental view point that you exit EWC in a cash flow positive position at all puts the question? Because what you saw - and do you sort of see any impact on the sales process with the performance?
Drew Marsh: Okay, Shar it's Drew. And your first question about the drivers, I think it's just the - it's the accounting change that reflected the equity market over the course of the quarter. And so of course last year we did not have the mark-to-market the equity field. We only saw the realized gains and losses associated with the trust and this year - and the rest of it was in other comprehensive income, this year all of it flowing through the income segment. And as part of that as we went to this accounting change, we actually moved about $600 million positive into retained earnings that didn't go to the income statement, it was just re-classed on the balance sheet from other comprehensive income. So those are the things that were going on there and of course we also had some of the portfolio management activity that we talked about last quarter, that we are de-risking our portfolio. So our overall loss was a very slight loss compared to may be an equity market loss a couple of percent over the quarter. And with regards to our EWC plans, it doesn't change anything overall for EWC plans or for our cash expectations towards the end of the - through 2022. So we still expect '17 to '22 to be neutral positive. In fact as we were thinking about this earlier this year, we were pressure testing these several things that could happen to make sure that we could sustain that statements through any volatility we might see in the market.
Shar Pourezza: Okay, got it that's helpful. And then just appreciate the comments that you had on the equity, but your prior thoughts or language seem to point that you were more shifting towards something more market based verses initiation of an internal program. So is that sort of kind what you are tilting or should we assume sort of a combination of both given sort of the size of the potential offering? So sort of like how is your thought process generally revolving?
Drew Marsh: Yeah, so we still have all our options on the table because we are thinking about optimizing against the timing and the need with the market and the cost that we might incur associated with that. So all of those things are still on the table and will likely be later this year when we get into the market.
Shar Pourezza: Okay, thanks guys.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, so I wanted to chat on transmission briefly, clearly there was an event in the quarter with respect of sort of North and South integration that transpired. Also, I suppose in the settlement itself in the Louisiana there is some discussion about capital spending. Can you discuss sort of the state of affairs and process with respect to MISO and your own capital budgeting plans around that and I acknowledge that it may preempt a little bit of the Analyst Day, but I wanted to delve into it if we could.
Rod West: Julien this is Rod. One, we are staying in MISO and much of the capital planning for the utility business is consistent with the MTEP processes through '17 and certainly '18 and beyond. The significance of the settlement in Louisiana plays along with that. Part of that 995 reset in our Louisiana FRP includes an expectation of about $0.5 billion a year during the period in transmission alone. And so the capital plan is consistent with our expectations around our earnings opportunity and the growth in CapEx will be fueled in part by what comes out of the MTEP process with MISO.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just to be clear about it, is there anything that's shifted in the MTEP process with respect to some of the limitations on the North South capacity I suppose this winter there some events.
Rod West: No.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, excellent and is the 0.5 billion consistent with the A25 as well?
Rod West: When you say the 845?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: The '18 to '20 average preliminary transmission capital plan.
Rod West: Yes, thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, thank you.
Rod West: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Arnold: Hi, good morning guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Just, I thought I heard you say - and I may have misheard this, apologies if so. As of March 31, the decommissioning funds were approximately $4 billion?
Drew Marsh: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold: Could you help us - I'm guessing that might not be on the same basis as the Slide 29, where the escalated funding adds up to 5.8, at 1231. And the question is when you say escalated can you just remind us what that means?
Drew Marsh: That's using the 2% growth rate. But the - I think where you want to look, there's a different Slide in there that I believe has on Slide 25 in the appendix, has the NDT balances as of March 31, that's on Slide 25.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, so that's the one.
Drew Marsh: Correct.
Jonathan Arnold: But that's not on the same basis right as the?
Drew Marsh: No, no the - the escalated, that's using the NRC funding formulas on the other page.
Jonathan Arnold: That's fine; not this really I just wanted to get that straight. Thank you.
Drew Marsh: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citi Group. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta: Hi guys thanks. So firstly just on earnings, in terms of where you are tracking relative to your guidance? I know there were some talk on you're not at the lower end, where exactly do you see yourself now given Q1 is kind of done it in terms of 2018 EPS guidance?
Drew Marsh: Yeah, that's a good question Praful. I think we are expecting to be about in the middle at this point. I mean it's early in the year, we have a lot of levels to manage this current volatility in the decommissioning trust and so we are expecting on operational basis to be about the middle when it falls that in time, [ph]. For Utility Parent & Other, we are right on track as of first quarter, so there wouldn't be any change there.
Praful Mehta: Okay great, that's helpful and then secondly on this unprotected DTL refunds, they look meaningful and clearly it looks like you are doing them sooner than you had originally planned. So just to understand the impacts of that from the cash flow side and the credit side, I'm assuming that's a negative, but you're seeing that you are going to recover from that pretty quickly, just touch on that a little bit. And then secondly, on the rate base side that will be probably be a positive helping your growth. If you can just help us understand the kind of implications of the decommissioning unprotected - I'm sorry of the deferred income tax refund impacts?
Drew Marsh: Sure, so in regards to the cash and the credit metrics and the pay, so we are anticipating when we talked last quarter a little slower pace on how fast the unprotected excess ADIT would be flowing back to customers and now it's a little faster. So the expectation is that - the way that that's going to work from an income statement perspective is there will be more effect, but we will be getting less revenue in the door which would be a cash item and we will be also be experiencing lower income tax expense, which would be a non cash item on the income statement, so that will offset the flow into the cash flow metrics and so the measures that we are talking about are the metrics like FFO to debt, last quarter we talked about 14% on a longer term basis. Now we are expecting it to be a little bit lower than that upfront, but will recover much quicker and so by 2020, we expect to be above that level because of the more ramp in return of the unprotected excess ADIT. And from a rate base perspective, we would expect that as - and we haven't finished this is in our regulatory process, but as we return back unprotected excess ADIT the customers on net rate base are to increase. And so on the last call we talked about the opportunity for about $1 billion of increased net rate base by 2020. We still expect that to be the case associated with the return of the excess ADIT, both protected and unprotected by the way for that.
Praful Mehta: Super helpful, thanks Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Praful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah, thanks. I guess two clarifications, just on the comment on the middle order range for this year that you are tracking to, is that good for both the overall company and Utility Parent & Other?
Rod West: Yes, I'll go ahead with that one for Steve, it is true. So yeah we have several levels and that we think we can pull to manage the operational spot, but as far as Utility Parent & Other, we're right on track to begin with.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, and then just in terms of thinking about the comments on ADIT get back and the like. So, to a degree do you have this kind of lower upfront metrics, does that kind of incent you to get the equity issuance done sooner and then just to kind of manage the consistency. The metrics or is the fact that you get there by 1920, its fine for the agencies. They don't care if it's lower for one year?
Drew Marsh: Yeah, so this is Drew. So, in terms of the overall timing of the excess ADIT return it is moving forward and we were and are trying to match up our access of the equity capital markets to that in some way. So it's going to move it forward a little bit. But the rating agencies are certainly aware that we are going to access the equity capital markets there. Looking at that plus a number of other factors like our progress on changing our business risk profile at EWC and the positive regulatory environment within the Utility as that's improving. So we are taking a number of things into consideration, I think only one of which is making sure that we match up the timing of the equity with the return of those cash flows.
Steve Fleishman: Okay and then just on the - kind of on a long term discussion the - I mean it sounds like the pioneer role is to kind of just continue with more of what you are already doing and then obviously having better regulatory structures in place to cover it. Is that kind of at a high level what the plan is? And obviously you are trying to get ahead on changes in the generation mix and customer experience and technology things like that.
Leo Denault: Yes, Steve, the bottom line is that as we have been for really over 10 years now, we are in a major technological improvement. And the entire system started in generation worked its way into transmission and now it's getting more into distribution and I would say in some respects you start to see a molding of some of the distribution opportunities with the kind of generation opportunities we have. So we continue to have an ageing generation fleet that we are updating in terms of what we got going on right now at St. Charles, Lake Charles, Montgomery County, Washington Parish Energy Center and the New Orleans power station. The 1000 megawatts of renewables that I talked about are things that will come into play to both - on the one hand replace other ageing generation that we would deactivate as new generation comes in line. But they come in line as renewables because they are both a competitive with generation that they would replace, certainly the market and potentially as we go forward with other types of generation. But also some of them have distribution reliability opportunities as well, just have to be more localized with generations, so you are not necessarily avoiding a generation that best be avoiding a large transmission investment. So those kinds of technological improvements plus distribution automation and other things that we could pursue that will allow us to better operate the grade lower cost or customers improve their liability and get closer to them in solutions. All of that we see as just a continuation of the process we've been undergoing. From a regulatory front, you're right, what we've done over the course for the last five years in particular is we've taken the opportunity to outline the types of investments that we need to make for our regulators and allow us to shrink up that regulatory marvel to match the customer benefits that will provide into the investments. So for example, what we have done with transmission in Louisiana in the new FRP, lines up really well with what was a big source of regulatory lag and a big source of dollars for our customers in the transmission space. So we already had AMI and generation covered really well, now we've got transmission in the same bucket to get a little bit more closely aligned with the regulatory mix with the type of investments we're making. So you're right the future is just improved technological advancements on the system across all functions and trying to make sure that we and our regulators work to benefit our customers with the most efficient regulatory model that we can get.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Drew Marsh: Good morning Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to touch base on just nuclear operations that are high level and just get your late response in terms of operational improvements, how you think about the trajectory of just really - co-operations and sort of the trajectory from here. You had could, the progress overtime in terms of the operation improvements [indiscernible].
Leo Denault: Stephen, I'll start, I'll let Chris jump in, but the bottom-line is we are continuing to spend a significant of our resources and effort on our nuclear fleet and we are seeing progress in the areas we expected to see progress. As I think Chris outlined, when we first began, it's going to take a few years and a couple of outages in the new facility to get the equipment in the place that we need to get. But we hired a 1000 people last year in the nuclear fleet, so that we expected that Drew mentioned that we showed up in the first quarter. But at high level I would say that we are making progress in the way we expected.
Chris Bakken: Can I just follow-up to that Leo? This is Chris. We are where we expected to be in terms of the execution of the plan. As we did outline at the last investor day, we looking at the two to three year period before you start to see significant improvement, we believe we are on track with that. We've been using the opportunities with the fueling outages to improve the safety and the reliability modules of the plan. And from the regulatory relations perspective as you mentioned in your remarks Leo, we do expect to see and will return back to normal NOC over site at the end of the second quarter. So, we've been making good progress.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, that's very helpful. And just shifting over to the other renewables there's been opportunity you mentioned in your prepared remarks. Without getting into the specifics around some of those projects, is it something where we should expect a fairly material filing where you are proposing on a number of projects with total quite didn't make a lot, you mentioned 1000MW possible potential opportunities? In other words is this likely to result in a fairly clunky filing a request or is it likely to be relatively smaller and just improving momentum over time as you get more projects develop, how should we sort of think if its progressing?
Leo Denault: At this point I would say, fairly ratable at some point in time. But, right now, what we are in the midst of is a couple of RFPs that were out there in terms of negotiating some of those projects, got a couple that we've announced that are PPAs and obviously some of these are going to end up being owned as I mentioned on the last call. The majority of the dollars that you would see which show up kind of - when they do at the end or outside of the outlooks that we provided, as you might guess, we are in discussion with things most of which will show up in the 2020 and beyond time frame. Some of the projects could be a decent size, but it's our objective as I mentioned earlier to a last question is just that we continue to evaluate these on two fronts and one is as new generation resources, but also given the nature of how you can locate and then the speed with which they can be put together were they would make transmission sense as well. So, we are excited about the opportunity, lot of it has to do with how the cost curves move over the next few years as well.
Stephen Byrd: That's all I have. Thank you.
Chris Bakken: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Real quickly on the nuclear, [indiscernible] Utility in general, do you anticipate in guidance, O&M and the Utility being up more than an inflationary level for 2018. And then how do you think about what the trajectory looks like, what's imbedded in the '19 and '20 guidance?
Drew Marsh: So Michael this is Drew. Yeah, so in the 2018 I think we are still consistent with our expectations. I mentioned earlier that we are looking at some opportunities to help close the gap on NDT performance through March 31. And so we are walking through some of that, but as of now in our guidance expectations I don't think there's really much of a change. Looking forward - well, I guess you had question specifically around nuclear, as Leo mentioned we hired a 1000 people over the last year, we're still going to hire some this year, the effect of that payroll changes most acute in the first quarter. And so the effect of it will lessen over the next few quarters, but we also have even though it's larger, we have some projects that we had last year that will even out the overall O&M spending for nuclear during the course of the year. So, it will be comparable to 2017 by the end of the year. Looking forward in terms of '19 and '20 I think we have overall under inflation expectations for O&M growth, nothing dramatic at this point.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And I want to make sure I understand coming back to the return of excess accumulated deferred income taxes, can you help me understand what the offset is? I get the cash outflow and kind of the accounting around the cash outflow, but can you walk me through what makes it, what kind of offsets that - it hurts near term FFO to debt, but can you walk me through how it might help longer term?
Drew Marsh: Sure, well I just after we finish giving the $1 billion back that effect will stop being in our FFO measure. So what you're seeing is lower net revenue, while we are giving that money back and to the extent that you lengthen that out, if you're going four, five years with that give back, you would see a depressed FFO number for that period of time. The way it's shaping up is we are going to be giving it back over the next 18 months. So the depressed FFO may be more so than we are planning, but by the time we get up the 2020, that effect for the unprotected fee should go away. So your FFO to debt measure should improve.
Michael Lapides: Got it and then one last one and I don't know to Leo or Rod question, but you guys have added four in the process of adding a lot of generation in both Louisiana and Texas, which makes a ton of sense giving the industrial pet-chem related demand that's occurring in the quarter. Just curious, if you look at Arkansas Mississippi, are there over the next few years or beyond opportunities for conventional generations either additions or repairing? And what I'm thinking to this, I'm thinking you know there are some higher cheap units in both states that may be aren't as sufficient as kind of newer technology, newer gas fire technologies are. You still have a sizeable coal unit in Arkansas with that significant pollution controls. I'm just trying to think about those two states as drivers of kind of future rate based growth after going through the cycle you are going through right now on the Louisiana and Texas.
Rod West: If you think about what our generation moves have been over the course last ten years, Michael they actually have been generation that we've acquired in Mississippi and Arkansas. But it's all the same strategy. The majority of the generation hand has to do with age and the efficiencies you mentioned of the existing suite that we have. So as we deactivate those less sufficient, higher cost, less environmentally friendly units. We are replacing those with a combination of acquired units. What it would be Union [indiscernible] transferring, the long list of things that we already acquired or the new wells like St. Charles, Lake Charles, Montgomery County, Nine Mile 6 et cetera. So in those other jurisdictions that will be there as well, on the first - on the last quarter call we identified - I think somebody asked about the new generation dollars that didn't show up, those had shown up as one of those other jurisdictions because of that same need. And as you mentioned down the road we do have the coal plants that - certainly gas has become very, very competitive with coal and depending on what happens with environmental regulations et cetera, so you need the - the short answer is yes. We do see the need for new generating resources across all of our jurisdictions not just Louisiana and Texas. And in fact over the last decade you've seen us add generation in New Orleans, Mississippi and Arkansas as well. Going forward it will probably be a combination of looking at new gas, but also some of the projects have already been announced. For example project in Arkansas or PPA, that's a renewable resource. So we should start to see renewable battery storage those sorts of things show up at some point in time in that two as they become competitors. So, yes those leads are ageing as well and yeah we'll end up with new generating resources there.
Michael Lapides: Okay, got it. Thank you, Leo and much appreciated guys.
Rod West: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is now open.
Paul Patterson: Good morning, how are you? Just very quickly to follow-up on Shar and Jonathan's question on decommissioning, there was a letter that the NRC sent with respect to [indiscernible] basically indicating that they didn't believe that there was enough information to make them feel comfortable with the ability to decommission the plant. Given the information that you guys have provided today and just in general, it's a little surprising considering that everything else in terms of the decommissioning fund seem fine. So can you elaborate a little bit on what the issue there and how that's going to be resolved?
Drew Marsh: Hey Paul, it's Drew. That I think is part of the normal NRC processes, yeah, it requests for additional information. And our expectation is that we are - I guess in that case probably NorthStar responded to that and Vermont Yankee and so that is - I think it's just part of the normal back and forth we didn't see anything in particular in that we are concerned about at this point.
Paul Patterson: Okay, so, I mean just to clarify this, first of all longer than enough decommissioning funding, is it just because it's a transaction taking place and NorthStar has been giving that information. Is that what you are dealing with here I guess?
Drew Marsh: Well, in the normal course of business like the filings that you saw and the Jonathan referenced on page 29, those are more formulaic. And so when we go through a specific transaction they are not going to dig much deeper into the financials of the buyer and we totally expect that and understand why they are doing it. And so we will consider that, like I said its part of the normal process compared to normal annual filings which are very formulaic in nature.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks a lot.
Drew Marsh: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Just one more question on slide 29, which I believe is a new slide. The site specific study, so one at Indian Point and also Vermont Yankee, that takes place after the unit is shut down and at that point you make a decision whether you pursue a NorthStar type solution or something else, is that the process?
Drew Marsh: Sure, so site specific studies can happen in a couple of ways. Like you said, if you're shutting down the plant you will give a site specific study to assess the overall cost of the facility and match that up against the trust and make sure that you're adequately funded. If you're having and this doesn't happen very often, but there are ways that you could also do it on an ongoing basis during the normal operations when you do these formulaic assessments if you didn't get all the funding you needed in the formulaic assessment, you can do a site specific study to see if you meet the NRC requirements. But typically I think as Paul was pointing out Charles, that I think you would do that at the end of the year or at the end of the life of the unit.
Charles Fishman: Okay and then also make the decision of what process to pursue, whether it's NorthStar or something else.
Drew Marsh: Sure, I mean I think you would do it relative to a safe store environment or an environment where you would more rapidly decommission the assets or if you - but if you're going to go through a sale process like we are with NorthStar, it's almost like a separate assessment than what you're seeing on page 29. Page 29 is more of the normal stuff.
Charles Fishman: Okay, got it. Thank you very much. That was helpful.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That's our last question in queue, so I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, James and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Before we close, we are reminding you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and regulation G compliance statements. Our Annual Report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 10 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Finally, as a remainder we maintain a web page as part of investor relations website called regulatory and other information, which provides key updates of regulatory proceedings and important milestones on our strategic execution. Some of this information may be considered material information we should rely exclusively on this page for all relevant company information. And this concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for participation. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde  Vice President, Investor Relations Leo Denault  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Drew Marsh  Chief Financial Officer Rod West  Group President, Utility Operations
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith  Bank of America Greg Gordon  Evercore ISI Praful Mehta  Citigroup Shar Pourezza  Guggenheim Partners Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank Paul Fremont  Mizuho David Paz  Wolfe Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an efforts, I commentate everyone who has questions, we requested each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in our earnings release, our slide presentation and the Companys SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in todays press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today, we are reporting strong results for another productive year. Utility Parent & Other our core business exceeded our adjusted EPS guidance and our consolidated operational earnings were in the top half of our guidance range and also higher than expectations  than our expectations. And we executed on our key 2017 deliverables. At the Utility, we had an active regulatory calendar and we continued to gain certainty for major product  projects in our capital plan. We received approval to build two new highly efficient gas-fired generating resources. All of our jurisdictions approved our plans to implement AMI in the respective service areas. For transmission, we completed another [indiscernible] cycle. We made significant progress in the certification of the New Orleans Power Station. We completed three annual formula rate plans in Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi. And we implemented two cost recovery factor increases in Texas. We are in discussions to extend Entergy Louisianas annual FRP. We continue to longer path to continue clarity on our exit from the merchant business in 2022 and we raised our dividend for the third consecutive year a trend we expect to continue subject as always to board approval. Our accomplishments this year are simply a continuation of the path we set several years ago. A path to become a world-class utility that prospered by creating sustainable value for all the stakeholders. We set out to be a company that delivers strong financial results to its owners, invests in its employees to create a workforce for the future and is an environmentally and socially responsible growth engine for its communities, while maintaining some of the lowest rates in the country for customers. Our key deliverable support this aspiration for our company. As we look ahead to 2018 and our three-year outlook period, our success is less dependent on strategic initiatives and more on our own operational execution. As a result, today we are initiating 2018 guidance consistent with our previous disclosures. We are affirming our Utility Parent & Other longer-term outlook through 2020. Beyond that we continue to see a good path for steady predictable growth at our core business as we continue to modernize our infrastructure. We are laying the foundation now to be the sustainable solutions oriented utility of the future that provides customer focused innovation in a changing world. Shifting now to 2017, lets review some details behind our key accomplishments that keep us on track to attain both our near-term goals and our longer-term aspirations. On the regulatory front, we successfully completed Entergy Arkansas, second forward test year FRP with rates effective last month. The commission approved our comprehensive settlement agreement, which among other matters verified the prudes of the nuclear cost included in the 2017 and 2018 test year filings. Entergy Louisiana filed a request with Louisiana Public Service Commission to extend its formula rate plan for another three years. While the settlement talks have slowed to ensure parties understand the implications of tax reform, discussions have been productive and are ongoing. With respect to our large generation projects, we received approval to build the Lake Charles and Montgomery County Power Stations. With the St. Charles Power Station, these projects are an important part of our investment plan to modernize the electric grid and improve reliability. All three are on schedule and we are confident, successful, on time and on budget execution. Weve also made significant progress in the certification of the New Orleans Power Station with the Council Utility Committees approval of the project earlier this week. We expect the full councils take up the certification for a final decision on March 8. We also made strides in transmission. We invested approximately $1 billion and placed more than $900 million of capital projects into service. We also made significant progress on the Lake Charles transmission project. This is our largest transmission endeavor to date and it includes 30 miles of extra high voltage transmission line and addresses reliability needs driven in part by low growth in Southwest Louisiana. We expect to complete the project in second quarter 2018. We wrapped up the 2017 MTEP review and MISO approved 70 projects in our service area totaling approximately $1 billion. Regarding the growth and transformation of our distribution system, we have now received regulatory approvals for the deployment of advanced meters in all of our jurisdictions. IT infrastructure, communications networks and meter data management systems that will enable commuters to be smart are being constructed. We are pleased with the progress weve made on AMI and each of our jurisdictions. And the positive feedback we continue to receive from our stakeholders, especially regarding the benefits and future opportunities this technology will provide for our customers. The investments we make in our core business also improve our environmental footprint. We have one of the cleanest generating fleets in United States and the principal objective is to remain an environmentally sustainable fleet for the communities we serve. The cornerstone of this objective began we were the first U.S. utility to commit voluntarily to stabilizing CO2 emissions in 2001. 10 years later, our commitment went beyond merely stabilizing CO2 emissions. In 2011, our environment 2020 commitment included a voluntary pledge that through the year 2020, we would maintain our carbon dioxide emissions at 20% below year 2000 levels on a cumulative basis. Im pleased to report that we are meeting our commitments and the investments we are making will enable us to continue to lower our emission rates at the utility. For example, highly efficient combined cycle power stations such as St. Charles, Lake Charles, and Montgomery County will produce fewer carbon emissions than the legacy units they replaced, improve our average fleet efficiency and use less water. Nuclear generation is also an important not emitting base load resource. Prudently investing to preserve these valuable assets is an important part of our strategy to deliver sustainable value to all of our stakeholders. Our planned investments in new technologies to modernize our grid such as advanced meters will further improve efficiency. On top of that our customers of all classes are interested in the deployment of renewable resources and we are working to meet these expectations. To that end, over the next three years we expect to contract for over 800 megawatts of renewable resources. Of these approximately 180 megawatts are the two power purchase agreements in Arkansas that we have discussed with you on previous occasions. Of the remainder, approximately half represent ownership opportunities. These are just a few illustrations of the many investments that we are making today to develop an electric generating and delivery system that is well positioned for operations in a carbon constrained economy whatever that may look like in the future. Turning to EWC, weve taken important steps to provide a clear path to exit that business in 2022. We reached an agreement to cease operations Dominion point in 2021 and submitted our deactivation notice to New York ISO. The ISO concluded there will be no reliability issues resulting from Indian Points retirement. We sold Fitzpatrick preserving the plants benefits for its employees and community. And we decided to continue to operate Palisades through the spring of 2022 a cash positive decision. Finally, in 2017, we received a number of awards that recognize our accomplishments, values and commitments. We are once again included in the Dow Jones Sustainability in North America Index. We are named one of the top 10 utilities in economic development by Site Selection Magazine. Womens Business Enterprise National Council listed Entergy is one of Americas top corporations for womens business enterprise. We are one of Corporate Responsibility Magazines 100 best corporate citizens and we received EEIs Emergency Recovery and Emergency Assistance Awards for our storm restorations efforts. Our commitment to our communities is further evidence by our charitable contributions, which total approximately $16 million annually, including investment in workforce development across our jurisdictions. Our employees and retirees are also generous with their time, volunteering some 100,000 hours annually. All of our accomplishments and successes are the result of our employees first rate level of professionalism, dedication and hard work every day. I want to thank more than 13,000 men and women of Entergy is the living by our values working safely and acting with integrity. Their ideas and can-do spirit make Entergy a better company. Looking ahead, our 2018 plan support our financial outlooks as well as our aspirations for the future of our company. As I mentioned earlier the foundation for success this year is largely in place and less dependent on strategic initiatives and on our own operational execution. Well be building projects that have already been approved continuing with the annual MISO, MTEP process making regulatory filings in the normal course of business. Two major transmission projects will  we will complete this year for the Lake Charles project noted earlier in the $130 million Southwest Mississippi improvement project. We look forward to their completion and the benefits that they will provide to our customers and to our region. We will also complete AMIs core IT system implementations and initiate deployment of the communications network. This will support meter installations beginning early next year when customers will start to see the benefits this technology provides, giving them the ability to manage their usage and their bills. Another important goal for 2018 is for ANO to exit Column 4. Over the past few years, we have worked with NRC as well as our peers and we have systematically completed the actions outlined in our confirmatory action letter. ANO is on track to return to normal oversight this year. As for our regulatory agenda, we are working with each of our regulators on the effects of tax reform and we welcome the change for our customers. On an ongoing basis, the lower tax rate means that customer bills will be lower than they otherwise would have been. Thats important to us as evidenced by the fact that our rates are among the lowest in the country. We plan to make rate filings in each of our jurisdictions this year and we expect actually point to be addressed in the normal course of those proceedings. We are also focused on efforts to address customer needs in unique ways. For example, in Mississippi, working with the Public Service Commission, we are teaming up with cease fire on a fiber infrastructure project. This project will span over 300 miles in 15 counties to bring next generation broadband services to consumers and businesses in some of the most isolated and rural parts of the state. These services will open doors that were not previously available in those areas. At EWC, we will remain focused on safe and reliable operations to finish strong in the last few years of operation. Regarding our VY NorthStar transaction, we have made substantial progress towards finalizing an agreement and we filed a status update with the Vermont Public Utility Commission earlier this week. As the report states, the parties anticipate filing a memorandum of understanding by March 2. That some or all of the parties will join. The MOU will address financial assurances and site restoration standards. We still target closing the transaction by the end of 2018. All of these plants support our guidance and are the foundation for a long-term outlooks, which we affirm today. Drew will provide additional color around our forward-looking commitments. 2017 has been another year of significant accomplishments for our company. Accomplishments that will help provide the foundation for our pursuit of the much broader aspirations we have set for ourselves. Today, we are a very different company than we were just a few years ago. We are a simpler company and a stronger company for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. For years weve been committed to creating to sustainable value for owners, customers, employees and communities, the commitment that many investors are recognizing as essential to success over the long-term. That has been reflected not only in the steps weve taken to exit the EWC business and strength in the utility, but also in our leadership position among utilities and critical measures of sustainability including our recognition as an environmentally and socially responsible in Utility. Our operating and financial positions are solid and our strategic direction is clear. All of this prepares us to meet the challenges of an evolving industry. Over the next three years, we will continue to strengthen and deliver on our commitment to our stakeholders. We will place into service new, clean, efficient generating resources. New transmission projects throughout our service territory and of course AMI. AMI and its related technologies will serve as the foundation on which we plan to build the Entergy of tomorrow. As new technologies data and analytics continue to improve, so too our ability to deliver tailored customer solutions that better meet our evolving customer expectations through a dynamic, integrated energy network and new products and services beyond basic power delivery. We want to be in a position to deliver the most assessable, affordable, reliable and sustainable energy mix for the future. A future that offers transformative change and once in a lifetime opportunity and we are eager to lead the way. Before I turn it over to Drew, Im excited to announce that we will host our Analyst Day conference in New York City on June 21. Our main objective will be to give you a view of our five year outlook and our plan for operational execution. We will also continue the conversation on how we define our company beyond five years. Stay tuned for more details. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will provide more detail on our 2017 financial results, the implications of tax reform for our company, 2018 guidance and our three year outlooks.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning everyone. As Leo mentioned, 2017 was another productive year for us with significant accomplishments. Before we get into the details, for Entergy consolidated, we finish in the top half of our operational guidance range, exceeding our expectations for the year despite the negative effects of weather. This is better than we told you to expect on our third quarter call primarily driven by two factors. First with Utility, we experienced strong sales growth, led by our industrial sector which came in at 7% quarter-over-quarter. Second, we saw benefits from our continued efforts to derisk our EWC business. Our Utility Parent & Other on an adjusted view, we also ended above our expectations and above the top end of our guidance range due to the strong sales growth. Beyond the financial results, we also know the tax reform is on your mind. Leo mentioned that new legislation will provide significant benefits to our customers. Over time will return approximately $1.4 billion for the unprotected portion of the excess ADIT and one form or another, whether through customer refunds, cash investment in new asset accelerated depreciation or other options our regulators may consider. And on an ongoing basis, the lower tax rate will translate into lower bills than our customers would have otherwise. In addition, our 2018 guidance and a longer term outlook we are affirming today, include expectations for the effective tax reform. I will now turn to some of the drivers for our fourth quarter results in more detail, starting with our core business Utility Parent & Other on Slide 6. On an adjusted view, earnings were $0.21 higher than fourth quarter 2016, driven by strong sales growth. For the industrial class, we saw robust sales from existing customers largely from the chlor-alkali and primary metals sectors, as well as new and expansion customers. We also recorded non-recurring regulatory charges totaling $0.10 in fourth quarter 2016. Higher non-fuel O&M partially offset these benefit, primarily due to higher nuclear spending continued to drive our nuclear strategic plan. EWC on Slide 7, operational earnings increased $0.39 quarter-over-quarter. FitzPatrick contributed in $0.11 loss to fourth quarter 2016 results and the sale of that plan in 2017 affected variances from multiple line items. Excluding the effect of FitzPatrick, earnings increased $0.28, due largely to higher income from realized earnings on decommissioning truck, which we highlighted as an opportunity on our third quarter call. Strong market performance increased trust value to a level where we locked in game by rebalancing some of the truck investments toward lower volatility fixed income instruments. On Slide 8, operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $911 million, approximately $165 million higher than a year ago. The increase is primarily due to collections of fuel and purchase power cost at Utility. Now turning to the full year on Slide 9, consolidated operational earnings for 2017 were $7.20 per share higher than the $7.11 in 2016. It is also above our guide midpoint despite negative weather and better than our expectations in October. As I mentioned drivers for the change versus our expectations included strong sales growth at Utility and higher realized earning on decommissioning trust. Utility Parent & Other adjusted EPS on Slide 10, was $4.50 in 2017, $0.18 higher than 2016. The increase was due largely to rate actions to recover productive investments to benefit our customers, as well as residential commercial and industrial weather adjusted sales growth. This increase was partly offset by our spending on nuclear operations and other operating expenses. Slide 11 summarizes EWC operational earnings, which increased year-over-year to $3.24 per share in 2017 from $2.01 in 2016, excluding Fitzpatrick, this increase was due largely to income tax items and as previously mentioned higher realized gains on decommissioning trust funds. 2017 results also reflected higher decommissioning expense, primarily from the establishment of decommissioning liabilities in Indian Point 3 in August 2016. Full year 2017 operating cash flow shown on Slide 12, was approximately $2.6 billion in 2017, $375 million lower than last year. higher refueling outage cost as we completed seven refueling outages this year at both the merchant and utility fleet on favorable weather at Utility and lower EWC net revenue were the main drivers. Today, we are issuing our 2018 consolidated operational EPS guidance of $6.25 to $6.85 and Utility Parent & Other adjusted guidance of $4.50 to $4.90. On Slide 13, starting with Utility Parent & Other on an adjusted view, our range is consistent with the outlook represented at the EEI financial property last November. Walking through a few of the key drivers, lets start with the top line. Our projected sales volume 2018 is largely unchanged from our view at EEI, and our guidance reflects a slight decline year-over-year. However, we expect volatility from quarter-to-quarter. For example, we expect industrial sales growth in the first quarter as new customers become fully operational, but we expect sales declines over the remainder of the year as existing customers return to normal operation and take maintenance outages following strong performance in 2017. Despite the tempered outlook for our industrial sales growth in 2018, we see growth resuming in 2019 and 2020 as new projects come online. We are projecting non-fuel O&M to be approximately $2.6 billion, which represents a slight increase compared to 2017. This reflects slightly higher pension expense due to a pension discount rate assumption of 3.78%, which is lower than our previous expectation. Return of excess ADIT affects the top line. But its essentially offset in income tax expense. 2018 also assumes normal weather and no income tax planning items at Utility Parent & Other. Additionally, as a result of tax reform at Parent & Other, well see a lower tax yield on that segments loss. We also expect higher financing cost. At the Utility, the tax change will affect each operating company differently and we expect the more significant impact to be in Entergy Arkansas. Because of the mechanics of the FRP, Entergy Arkansas can earn closer to its allowed return in 2018. This is a key driver that helped offset the negative drag at Parent this year. At EWC, we expect earnings to decline in 2018 largely due to income tax planning items. As you recall, in second quarter 2017, EWC recorded an income tax benefit contributing $373 million to operational earnings. This year, we are assuming that EWC will record another tax benefit currently estimated to be approximately $100 million. In addition, we expect lower net revenue largely due to lower energy prices and higher non-fuel O&M due to higher projected nuclear spending, partly due to the decision to operate Palisades until 2022. These decreases are offset by lower depreciation expense also due to the Palisades decision and higher earnings on decommissioning trust, due to the change in accounting rules require us to mark the equity portion of those investments to market. Right now our guidance reflect a return assumption of 6.25%, which equates to approximately $1 in earnings per share. We also expect lower income tax expense due to the lower income tax rate. Before we leave EWC, Ill give a update on our cash position. We now see neutral to positive cash flow from EWC to the Parent from 2017 to 2022 and this includes our current view on potential decommissioning trust contributions. This is slightly better than last quarter due to walking in strong nuclear decommissioning trust returns and continued strategies to mitigate nuclear decommissioning costs. Tax reform will also affect our cash needs. And as shown on Slide 14, we will require incremental financing. The two primary needs are from, first, the return of excess deferred taxes, and second lower tax expense and rate. We expect the finance, this reduction through a combination of Utility company debt, Parent debt, internal cash generation and external equity. We plan to issue approximately $1 billion of equity over our outlook period. And currently, we expect that all to occur before the end of 2019. Moving to the longer term view on Slide 15, our earnings expectations continue to firm up as we execute on key deliverables. Our outlook through 2020 is unchanged despite the Parent drag that I previously noted. Thats in part because we will see increased rate base as we return excess ADIT to customers over time. Also, before tax reform, we were trending at the upper end of our ranges in 2019 and 2020. Collectively, these allow us to maintain our outlook. While I dont normally talk about where in these outlooks we see ourselves, given the significant changes in tax reform, you should know that we do not see ourselves at the bottom of the ranges. Of course, these are our current expectations, but ultimately the amount and timing of earnings and cash impacts from tax reform will depend on the regulatory treatment. All of our jurisdictions have opened a docket in one form or another, and ratemaking regulatory proceedings are scheduled this year in each of our jurisdictions. We will work with our regulators through these proceedings to address the effective tax reform and develop the appropriate path forward so that this opportunity gets value to our customers as fast as possible. And also provide all of our Entergy stakeholders with a fair and reasonable outcome. Finally, our cash and credit metrics as of the end of the year are shown on Slide 16. The reduction in cash from tax reform will also put pressure on our FFO to debt credit metric. Even though this metric would be adversely affected, we are focused on maintaining the financial integrity detail of this credit profile by internally identifying the opportunities to improve cash flow and externally working with our retail regulators. Throughout, we expect to continue to hold an investment grade rating. As I mentioned earlier, 2017 was another strong year our results and we look forward to 2018. The foundation for success this year is largely in place as we focus on building projects that have already been approved, advance our operational capabilities, work with the regulators to implement appropriate changes and tax reform and prepare for the customer-centered and opportunity-filled future that Leo described in his remarks. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, congratulations.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Julien.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So first quick question. Just on tax reform to kind of nail this down early on. In terms of FFO to debt, where does the $1 billion equity raise get you on a kind of a pro forma and run rate basis? And how is that relative to where you want to be obviously looking at 2017 trailing, kind of what are the rating agency wanting for me today? And how much buffer more importantly are you looking to have against that?
Drew Marsh: Julien, this is Drew. Right now the $1 billion will give us around 14% range. And so thats where starting from and we think that will maintain investment grade as we talk about and discussed. And of course, we like to do better that. Were looking for other ways to do that by driving internal cash flows and working with our retail and regulators, but thats kind of the place where we see it bottoming out. The amounts well see  will be varying by the exact timing of the return to customers of any excess ADIT, but thats kind of where we see it bottoming out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. You generally speaking beyond the $1 billion equity. You would think that  you would organically see the growth of the business to support an improvement in the FFO?
Leo Denault: Yes. Overtime, it will improve. But early on, thats where were seeing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And then on the NDT side, obviously, constructed statements in your prepared remarks. But as you see the wider strategic effort to kind of move that side of the business off your books, where do stand on that front as well, if any developments?
Drew Marsh: On EWC?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes.
Drew Marsh: So we are working on. Im sorry.
Leo Denault: Julien, youre asking about the cash generation of that business. Is that what youre getting at?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, I was thinking more around the strategic angles, around sort of divesting that business more structurally.
Drew Marsh: Okay. So Leo in his remarks and yesterday or a couple of days ago, you saw the update on the Vermont Yankee process, so youre clear on that. Beyond that, we continue to work through our process to try and duplicate that effort at our other plants and those processes continue to be ongoing. We are making progress, but the first thing is going to be Vermont Yankee, and we really focus on making sure that we bring that one home and then the others will follow on behind it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So you really want to see the case study of VY that first and foremost before we could closing that?
Drew Marsh: Thats right.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent, thank you. Best of luck.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Thank you for the guidance around tax and appreciate you deviating from your normal way you talk about your ranges to give us a sense of that. So just to rephrase back to you what you said in your comments, so that Im sure I got it correctly, given the regulatory outcomes youve seen, like your ability now to earn out your authorized ROEs in Arkansas because of the formula rate plan and that types of demand growth youre seeing, at tax reform not happened you are looking given what you know now at being at the high-end of the range? And then the impact of, A, the loss of  partial loss of tax shield at the parent debt; B, the $1 billion of equity that you need to fund to offset the cash flow impact of tax, and C, the positive impact of rate base going up because of deferred tax. You still no lower than the midpoint of the range as you see it today?
Drew Marsh: Right. Well, yes, we said were not at the bottom of the range. So I think you would be  I will not kind of characterize around the midpoint specifically but were now not at the bottom of the range.
Greg Gordon: Fair enough. Im not trying to put words in your mouth. But generally speaking as I think about the moving parts, have I missed anything salient?
Drew Marsh: No, those are the correct thesis, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thanks. And what can you tell us on the margin has changed between your last disclosure and your current comments on the cash flow impact of exiting EWC? What on the margin has changed to put you in a position to say you think it will be neutral to positive?
Drew Marsh: I think the main pieces are strong performance in the trust. And as youll see in our K, when it comes out early next week, the decommissioning actually I think its in the back of the disclosures in the appendix today. The trust are up over $4 billion at this point. So we see strong performance in the return of the trust. And then, secondly, we continue to work through our expectations on what it would cost to decommission facilities in the Northeast. And as we work through that, we are finding that we may be able to reduce our cost expectations there. So the combination of those two things is giving us the confidence to continue to move our expectations on the overall cash need at EWC.
Greg Gordon: Great. Last question, how do you not  let me rephrase this. All things equal before the things youve done to offset the impact of tax reform on your credit metrics, how much of a negative impact on your FFO to debt metric before  this is obviously before the things that youve done to offset it, the tax reform have has an impact in a vacuum? I mean, you say youre going to be at 14%. Where would you be had you done nothing to offset it?
Drew Marsh: We will probably been around the 16%, 17% range FFO to debt.
Greg Gordon: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta: Thank you so much. Hi, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Drew Marsh: Hey, good morning.
Praful Mehta: Good morning. So on the equity just wanted to understand, which piece is more correlated with the timing? Is it from a regulatory perspective if you get decision on the unexpected piece for DTL and the timing of the refund? Is that going to drive the timing to be more 2018 versus a 2019 event? Just wanted to understand how should we think about the timing.
Drew Marsh: I think that its more of a back-end question, Praful. So we will probably start executing second half of this year even though our processes are in complete based upon expectations for having to go into some no matter what, and then the question would be how quickly we get the certainty and we go ahead and how fast we begin to return those cash flows to customers. If its very quick, then we will accelerate the back end forward. But if its slow, obviously, we would need the cash until later. Did I answer your question?
Praful Mehta: Yes, thats super helpful, thanks. So on the second question on EWC, clearly it was good to see the decommissioning trust performing well and the fact that you walked on those gains. But just obviously, it opens up the question to if it performs now, there is also now the risk that if it doesnt perform well what happens then given now youre in a positive position from a cash flow perspective? Just wanted to understand how you protect against that risk of downside on the decommissioning trust now that its performed. And secondly, now that you have these assets in a good position, is this a better time to execute sales with people who are experts at decommissioning these assets?
Drew Marsh: Okay. So on the first question, we have been actively trying to derisk our portfolio particularly for that for Vermont Yankee, for example. As that trust has grown we do know we have expenses that are coming, and so weve taken them ahead of schedule out of sort of an investment profile and putting them more into a cash profile to derisk because our trust has grown to a higher level. Similar for Pilgrim as we prepare for the retirement of that asset next year, plus Pilgrims trust by itself is up over $1 billion. So its a very well-funded. Weve been actively derisking in that way. And then the second question was? What was your second question again, Praful?
Praful Mehta: In terms of executing on sales for these assets
Drew Marsh: Yes, of course, it makes much easier to manage that sales process as though stress become higher. That is true.
Praful Mehta: All right. Thank you, guys.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourezza of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourezza: Hey, good morning guys.
Drew Marsh: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourezza: Let me just follow-up on Greg and Juliens question for a second on EWC. So its nice to see that youve got a higher cash flow trajectory upon an exit. But sort of how does the cash flow trajectory look under an assumption that you sell the decommissioning trust? So in light of the performance of the funds, would it be cash flow diluted for you to exit the decommissioning trust funds?
Drew Marsh: Not necessarily because we wouldnt necessarily have access to those decommissioning trust funds except to do decommissioning until well down the road. So the fact that it is performing better I guess maybe to Prafuls question helps us to move towards a transaction but it does not necessarily move more cash into the business.
Shar Pourezza: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. And then just on the Louisiana FRP extension, it sounds like, Leo, obviously from your prepared remarks that youre confident in the second quarter settlement. So has tax reform sort of improved the conversations youre having in the settlement talks? And then can you just remind us how much capital an O&M is on the nuclear side is embedded in this current filing?
Rod West: I will address that first part. This is Rod.
Shar Pourezza: Hey, Rod.
Rod West: Yes, the conversation around taxes has slowed down our negotiations. But to the point that you just raised, we still feel good about our ability to settle the FRP. And our regulators, they issued the accounting orders as sort of a flag post to account and track the  how the tax reform would flow through that FRP before we close out the settlement discussion. Just keep in mind that our objective is still to resolve the issue to have rate effect changes happening in September. As it relates to the nuclear cost embedded in the FRP, Ill have to get back to you on the actual numbers. Im not sure whether weve disclosed a specific nuclear number in the FRP filing. But Ill make sure that David gives a specific number if its public.
Shar Pourezza: Okay. And then just let me just rephrase it. Has the Arkansas order improved sort of what youre looking to do in Louisiana?
Rod West: Well, remember we talked about that in prior discussions. The nuclear issue is less of a  had been less of a conversation in Louisiana. Our focus because of the size of our capital plan has been around transmission conversation. So nuclear is a much smaller component of Louisianas capital plan and as a result hasnt been a line item, if you will, in the negotiation. So its been less of a Ill just say less of an issue.
Shar Pourezza: Got it. Thanks so much guys.
Rod West: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. A couple of questions. I just want to make sure I understand a few things. First of all, Drew, what is the O&M growth rate year-over-year you are assuming in 2018 versus 2017 at the Utility?
Drew Marsh: Im trying to think about the percentage. Its probably 1% to 2%, Michael.
Michael Lapides: Okay, so inflationary. And then do you see significant opportunity for O&M cost saves post 2017 at the utilities? Or do you think thats kind of a normal run rate you go from there? Im just asking because of the heightened nuclear spend that you had in 2017?
Drew Marsh: Right. And we are still actually ramping up some of those nuclear costs. And I think a big piece of a driver for us is the pension expense and where that will go. But beyond that, operationally, we have several programs internally to try and drive operational efficiency within our organization. And as we begin to roll out our automated metering efforts in the next year, and we start to install meters and then we start to put all the other parts together with that, new operational and management distribution systems and asset management systems and linking all those things together, we would expect to begin to realize some operational savings going forward for our customers. And as we realize that, I think that will create headroom for incremental investment but it would not at least maybe on a temporary basis it might drop to the bottom line, but we would expect that it would be recaptured in rates fairly quickly.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then Arkansas and Rod, I want to make sure I understand the puts and takes that are happening here. Can you walk us through how tax reform helps get you closer to earnings authorized? Is it simply because the 4% cap is no longer as big of a deal because youre reducing rates this year? Or is there some other driver there?
Rod West: Michael, I think the straightforward answer is the revenue requirements because of the lower tax expenses is less and as a result youre closer to your allowed rate of return that youre not having to worry about the carryover year-over-year for true up. So youre actually earning allowed ROE in the year because of tax expense is presumed to be lower.
Michael Lapides: So I want to just kind of think about the Arkansas income statement. This is actually a pretty big deal for you guys. So tax rate goes down but revenue goes down to adjust for the tax rate. But thats earning  that would be earnings neutral by itself. But because you didnt get the full increase that you could have been authorized due to the 4% cap, now you can actually get that full increase in 2018?
Rod West: No, tax rate goes down. The revenue requirements, that is the amount of revenues that are embedded in our rates dont go down. Remember, we are over. And so all Im saying is the overage that we wouldnt be earning on that would be subject to a true up is actually less in 2018. And so were actually earning closer to our allowed rate of return because of the taxes that were not paying that the over reach is not as great as it would otherwise have been.
Drew Marsh: So, Michael, maybe think about it this way. Our original revenue requirement request was about $130 million. The cap limited us to think $70-ish million. And so we were short by $60 million. We are under earning by that amount. What, I think, Rod is saying is under the lower tax regime, the revenue requirement get something closer to the $70 million. So if you think of it as our revenue requirements kind of our revenue line, if you thinking about it 2018 income statement, our revenue line is about the same, our tax expense will be lower and all of it will kind of balance out to where we get close to our allowed return in Arkansas. Of course, next year we will be moving through the FRP and well have an expectation for a lower tax expense next year as well and well just continue to roll forward in the FRP process in that way.
Michael Lapides: But thinking about the post 2018 growth in Arkansas because of the legislation and the change in ratemaking, are you thinking that 2019 and beyond barring any unforeseen things, you should be very close to annually to earnings authorized there now?
Drew Marsh: We should get much closer, yes.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Thank you guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. Good morning guys.
Drew Marsh: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. I just noticed the comments about 100 megawatts of renewables potentially over three years. And if I heard you rightly its about 180 is PPA but then you said that they remainder I guess 600 or so would be about half of that would be ownership opportunities. Did I hear that right?
Leo Denault: Yes, yes. And over the next three years, we would anticipate entering into contracts for those  the projects themselves would be kind of more towards the back end of the period or beyond.
Jonathan Arnold: I guess, how do you have confidence that in that split at this point? And which jurisdictions OEM are we talking about?
Leo Denault: Well, were in the process right now in some of those jurisdictions with some discussions around those. I really dont want to get into any detail about it at the moment because those discussions are going on. But weve been looking at them for a while. Its obviously the price point of renewables and everything that come down it begins to make sense in certain instances around the system so were pursuing that.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just on the comments about FFO metrics, and I think you said a couple of times you obviously intending to remain investment grade. But with the Baa2 Moodys rating, are you  are we to understand that you might be willing to not to downgrade or are you also pushing to try and defend the current rating as opposed to just staying investment grade?
Drew Marsh: Right. So were committed to investment grade but we still wouldnt prefer to keep our current credit rating and so certainly were not giving up on that. And so were going to be continuing to look for ways to manage to our current credit rating while we maintain our earnings outlooks that weve committed to you all to achieve. So I wouldnt say that our current credit rating is going to necessarily fall down a notch but our commitment is to maintain investment grade.
Jonathan Arnold: So if Im not wrong that the  downgrade threshold is around 15%, so would you consider more equity to stay where you are or in that instance, do we  I guess Im just pushing for how hard you defend the current number  current grade.
Drew Marsh: Right. I mean, we will also endeavor to maintain our earnings outlooks and so thats going to be the balancing mechanism.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont of Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Paul Fremont: Thank you. Can you quantify the tax reform impact on your rate base?
Drew Marsh: Sure. This is Drew. Its going to depend mostly upon the amount of cash thats ultimately returned to customers because that will represent sort of incremental rate base. If there is some of the excess ADIT that turns into accelerated depreciation of existing assets or is put into sort of pay for assets that we were already planning to put into rate base and then that would be kind of neutral. Right now, we would expect that we would grow the rate base by a little over $1 billion after the three years. And then also what we already have.
Paul Fremont: Right. So in essence, I mean, youre issuing equity but youre issuing equity to build rate base over and above what you had an original plan?
Drew Marsh: Thats correct.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And then can you also  on the unfunded pension for 2017, can you give us an idea of where you ended 2017?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So we ended 2017 with about finishing trust assets around $6.1 billion and pension liability around $8 billion. So were at about 1.9 differences in that.
Paul Fremont: Okay, so you actually improve their relative to where you were last year so that should also help in terms of the FFO to debt metrics, right?
Drew Marsh: It will. But its not improved all that much. I want to say its improved by $50 million to $60 million. The rates have been going up but the pension discount rate at the end of the year versus the end of the prior year was still lower because as you know corporate spreads have tightened, curves have flattened and most of our liabilities are longer dated. So the liability went up more than we were anticipating despite the fact that we had strong returns and $400 million of contributions into our pension last year. And by the way, we would expect to put about $400 million in this year as well.
Paul Fremont: And then beyond that, I mean, should we assume that $400 million number continues as a run rate? Or should we look at those more as just one-offs?
Drew Marsh: Well, that was  this year will be the end of a five-year effort to put $2 billion of incremental assets into the pension trusts. I dont know that it would necessarily we could continue but that is something that were investigating.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of David Paz of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
David Paz: Good morning. I believe you said the $1 billion of external equity will depend on the timing of out of the rate case or rate filings. Do you have an at the money or turbo program?
Drew Marsh: David, we dont have one currently established. We would need to go get authorization with our board but also with the SEC to make that happen. We would anticipate that probably occurred in the second quarter or so.
David Paz: Got it. Okay, and whats the capacity of your internal equity programs like DRIP?
Leo Denault: We dont have one currently established, right now.
David Paz: Okay, got it. And I believe you may have just address this, I apologized if I missed this, but can you explain why your pension discount rate assumption is falling again given the rate environment that were seeing?
Drew Marsh: Yes, well, its said at the end of the year and so its a once-a-year snapshot and so you compare it to 12/31/2016 and  versus 12/31/2017. And if you look at that time frame sort of a 10-year treasury, it actually come down a little bit even though the front end and shorter term treasury would come up. Meanwhile, so you had to flattening of the curve and then you also had corporate spreads, which had tightened to that. So using a longer dated curve, corporate rates were a little bit lower than what they had been previously. So thats those are the two comparison points.
David Paz: Got it, great. And actually sneaking one more on your sales forecast, I know you said that theres some volatility within the year. I know you see forecast the sales growth beyond this year rising. I mean, just can you characterize whether these are using conservative assumptions about industrial growth? Or are you kind of fairly comfortable with your assumption now? Just any room for further improvement and further upside?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So this is Drew again. On the industrial side, I would say that we have  were kind of middle of the road on our expectations for industrial growth. Its for our large customers, its based upon our expectation for projects that we can see under construction right now through 2020. And what our expectation for them is in the marketplace. So Id say that fairly middle-of-the-road expectation on industrial. For residential and commercial, there may be a little bit of near-term opportunity in 2018. But beyond that, we expect that the effects of automated meters and getting our customers better information about how to manage their energy usage would allow them to be more efficient and conservative on the way that they actually use their electricity. So we have actually built in an expectation that over the longer term, we would expect to see a decline in residential and commercial sales.
David Paz: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for questions. Id like to hand the call back for David Borde for any closing remarks.
David Borde: Great. Thank you, Nicole, and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Before we close, we are reminding you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and regulation G compliance statements. Our Annual Report on Form 10-5 is due to the SEC on March 1 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing, that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet, would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. And this concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - VP, IR Leo Denault - Chairman and CEO Drew Marsh - CFO Rod West - Group President, Utility Operations
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Praful Mehta - Citigroup Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Shar Pourezza - Guggenheim Partners
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Entergy's Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I would like to introduce your host for today's program David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Borde: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then, Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow up. And just a reminder, with EEI only days away, today's call is scheduled for 40 minutes. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in our earnings release, our slide presentation, and the company's SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you David, and good morning. Today, we're reporting a strong third quarter with operational earnings per share of $2.35 and utility, parent and other adjusted earnings per share of $2.15. We now expect to finish the year in the top half of our utility, parent and other adjusted earnings guidance range. Furthermore, we continue to execute on our strategy to achieve steady predictable growth at the utility, while managing risk and an orderly exit of our merchant power business as shown on Slide 3 with three quarters behind us, we've successfully completed most of the key deliverables that we set for 2017. Significant accomplishments we've made over the past several years position us well to achieve our financial outlooks in the coming years, which support our long-term dividend growth aspiration. As a result, today we are affirming our 2017 guidance and our longer term outlooks for utility, parent and other. With the EEI conference days away, we are keeping today's call focused on quarterly results as well as progress, updates on our key deliverables. We will defer questions on long-term strategy to EEI, while I will be giving a formal business update presentation. Now moving onto developments for our business since our last earnings call. First, Entergy Arkansas' formula rate plan proceeding, we reached an unopposed settlement agreement with the attorney general and the other members of the joint rate pair advocates. If approved, the settlement would resolve all challenges to the prudence of the nuclear costs included in the 2017 and 2018 test year filings. We also agreed to a process to review the costs associated with ANO's state or incident and placement in column 4 by the NRC. As a reminder these costs were not part of the 2017 and 2018 test year FRPs. The settlement agreement was included in a procedural filing with the Arkansas Public Service Commission last week. We are still engaging with all parties with the goal of reaching a comprehensive settlement of the FRP that may be presented to the APSE for review and approval. By November 1, we will either file a comprehensive settlement of the FRP or the settlement I just mentioned on the nuclear costs only. In August, Entergy Louisiana filed a request with the Public Service Commission to extend its formula rate plan for three years starting with the 2018 filing. As part of the filing, we did request some limited modifications to the current FRP framework, which we believe will further improve the timing of recovery of investments and provide greater financial flexibility to support the needs of our customers. Specifically, we are requesting a one-time reset of base rates to the ROE midpoint for the 2017 test year. A narrowing of the authorized ROE ban from a total of 160 basis points to 80 basis points and a forward-looking mechanism that would allow for more timely recovery of certain transmission related costs namely related to the MISO transmission expansion planning and critical infrastructure protection projects. We've requested that the Louisiana Commission consider this request by December 2017 to maintain the current cycle we're implementing rate adjustments. And finally, in Texas, the Public Utility Commission approved the Entergy Texas' DCRF settlement agreement to increase the rider recovery by approximately $10 million. The increase was effective September 1. Regarding our transmission operations, we are nearing the end of the MTEP process for 2017. The MISO Board is evaluating our nearly $1 billion plan for the next five years and will make it selections and give final approval to projects in December. In addition, in September we submitted over $500 million of additional projects for MTEP in '18 and we will work with MISO and stakeholders on the selection process for those proposals over the course of the next year. We are committed to ensuring that needed transmission is constructed to provide reliable service to our customers. On the distribution end of our business, after receiving regulatory approvals for the deployment of advanced meters in Mississippi and Louisiana, we continue to make progress towards similar outcomes in other jurisdictions, Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas each filed a settlement agreement in their respective jurisdictions and we are waiting approval in both jurisdictions, which we expect by year end. And in New Orleans, the procedural schedule remains suspended to enable settlement discussions. We are pleased with the progress we've made on the approval of advanced meters in each of our jurisdictions and the positive feedback we continue to receive from our stakeholders, especially in light of the benefits this technology will provide to our customers. With respect to our large generation projects, the St. Charles, Lake Charles and Montgomery County power stations are underway and we are on target to complete them on time and on budget. Construction is ongoing at the St. Charles project and we have commenced site work on the Lake Charles project. We are on target to issue full notice to proceed on the Montgomery County project. Turning to our merchant nuclear operations, as you know we now plan to continue to operate Palisades until spring 2022 under the current power purchase agreement with Consumers Energy. While we certainly appreciate the merits of terminating the PPA early, any termination must appropriately compensate us for the value of the above market contract. This decision to continue to operate the plant will preserve value for our owners, while extending our exit from the merchant nuclear business by only a year. In light of this decision, let me be clear that our strategy to exit the merchant business and become a pure play utility remains unchanged. This quarter, our service territories endured Hurricane Harvey, which made landfall as a category four storm near Rockford, Texas. Harvey's torrential rains produced historic flooding and approximately 250,000 of our customers in Texas and Louisiana were left without power. More than 3,300 workers from our own ranks as well as those of other utilities and contractors worked to restore power as quickly as possible. I applaud our employees and mutual assistant partners for their tireless efforts. I also thank our customers as well as state and local agencies for their support as we worked together to recover from this event. I am always amazed by the dedication of our people to return power to customers as safely and quickly as possible in the toughest conditions. In addition to the sacrifices our employees make to do their jobs, their dedication goes well above and beyond when you consider that many sustained significant damage to their own homes. Yet they put the needs of their communities first before responding to their own circumstances. Of course we recognized that many of our customers also endured hardships beyond power outages. Our commitment to our communities continues after we get the lights back on and we are making a contribution of $400,000 to help rebuild communities across Southeast Texas. Shortly after Harvey, Hurricane Irma made landfall in Florida. Hundreds of Entergy employees headed out to help other utilities restore service to their customers. The mutual assistance provided by our industry is unique as are the employees who take tremendous pride empowering lives and communities across the country. In many ways, hurricanes such as Harvey and Irma are important reminders of who we serve and what we do best. Finally, during the quarter, we were recognized through a number of awards that exemplify our values of diversity and inclusion and also our commitment to the success of our communities through education and economic development. In August, the Disability Equality Index, a joint initiative between the American Association of People with Disabilities and the U.S. Business Leadership Network classified Entergy as one of the best places to work for people with disabilities. We are proud of this recognition as our inclusion practices are cornerstones of our culture and our company is stronger from these practices. Also Site Selection Magazine named Entergy as one of the nation's top ten utilities in economic development in 2016. This is the tenth consecutive year that we've been named in the list recognizing our integral role that has resulted in more than $25 billion of capital and investment and the creation of jobs in our service territories. We know that economic development is important for our customers across the region and it's also good for business. We will continue to work with our state agencies and local communities to promote growth across our service territories. And finally, Entergy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the 16th consecutive year. It's an honor to be included in this highly regarded list, which signals to our stakeholders that our company has operated responsibly planning for the future providing excellent service to our customers and building and maintaining a thriving workforce. We earned perfect scores in the areas of climate strategy, labor practice indicators, biodiversity and water related risks. In conclusion, 2017 has already been another year of significant accomplishments that position us to deliver on our financial commitment. As a result we are forming both our guidance and our outlooks. With good clarity on our strategy, we continue to successfully execute and make significant progress to invest in our core utility business for the benefit of our customers and reduce risk including the orderly wind down of our merchant power business. As I mentioned at the outset we will defer questions on our long-term strategy to EEI, but I'll be giving a formal business update presentation that will be available by webcast. We hope to see many of you at the conference and if you can't make it in person, hope you'll get the materials from our Investor Relations website and listen to the webcast of our presentation. We'll now turn the call over to Drew who will provide a more detail on our financial results and also an overview of the disclosures we plan to provide at EEI.
Drew Marsh: Thank you Leo, good morning everyone. I'd like to start this quarter's financial review with the key takeaways on Slide 4. As you can see, Entergy's operational earnings are up from last year driven by higher utility, parent and other adjusted earnings and higher EWC operational EPS partially offset by $0.25 of negative weather. We're also affirming our 2017 guidance ranges for consolidated operational EPS for utility, parent and other adjusted EPS. In the utility, parent and other results summarized on Slide 5 you can see weather was negative in the current quarter compared to positive a year ago which accounts for $0.43 swing in the operational earnings. Across our system, cooling degree days reflected in our build sales were 16% lower than normal this year compared to 14% higher last year. On an adjusted view, earnings were $0.17 [ph] higher than third quarter 2016 driven by higher net revenue excluding the effects of weather. This reflected positive build retail sales growth and new base rates and riders to recover productive investment to benefit customers. For the industrial group, we saw solid sales growth from existing as well as new and expansion customers, largely from primary metals and chloro-alkali sectors. Partially offsetting the net revenue benefit were higher operating expenses including non-fuel O&M, depreciation and taxes other than income taxes. Last year's DOE award which reduced expenses in that period was also a driver. Turning to EWC's results on Slide 6, operational earnings increased $0.26 from third quarter 2016. The sale of Fitzpatrick affected variances for multiple line items but had a small impact on the overall variance. Excluding Fitzpatrick revenue from nuclear plants increased due largely to higher capacity prices. And EWC's nuclear fleet ran strong this quarter at a 98% capacity factor. Nuclear fuel and refueling outage expenses were also drivers as these were lower due to previous impairments. EWC also recorded higher income from realized earnings on decommissioning trusts. On Slide 7, operating cash flow from the third quarter was $893 million, approximately $100 million lower than a year ago. This decline is due partly to the $54 million of DOE litigation proceeds received last year. Effective weather on utility sales also contributed to the decline, but were partially offset by positive weather adjusted sales growth. Before I leave the quarter, I'd like to briefly touch on the financial implications of Hurricane Harvey summarized on Slide 8. Progress today points toward the lower end of our preliminary range of $85 to $129, the bulk of that being in Texas. We're still early in the process. We will work with our regulators to determine the best path to recovery of those dollars. You should note that because we are confident in our storm recovery mechanisms, signatures for storm restoration did not affect the income statement, but rather collect on the balance sheet. However, we did experience some lost revenue due to customer outages, we estimate those around $3 million to $5 million, about half of which is in unbilled revenue this quarter. Now Turning to Slide 9, we are affirming our consolidated operational guidance range. As I noted earlier weather adjusted sales growth was strong in the quarter. Year-to-date we are ahead of our expectations on O&M at the utility. EWC also had higher than expected realized earnings on its de-commissioning trust as small benefit from Palisades no longer being impaired. This strong performance would be enough to position us near the top of our earnings expectations range, but for $0.50 of negative weather in year-to-date results. But given the effects of weather, we expect year-in consolidated operational earnings in the lower end of the range. We're also affirming our utility, parent and other adjusted EPS guidance. Just a reminder this metric normalizes weather and income taxes. With strong weather adjusted sales growth this quarter, we now expect full-year UP&O adjusted EPS to fall within the top half of the guidance range. Our full-year sales growth expectations now sit near or a little above our assumption at the beginning of the year. Moving to the long-term view on Slide 10, our earnings expectations continue to firm up as we execute on key deliverables while extending our adjusted UPO outlook one year through 2020. 2018 our expectations remain constant despite conservative flat sales growth estimates including industrial sales and a 4.25% pension discount rate, which is 25 basis points lower than where we were last quarter. Our outlook through 2019 is unchanged and you will see that 2020 is the same as presented in June of last year at our Analyst Day. We do expect industrial sales to pick up again in 2019, but we anticipate residential and commercial sales to continue to be flat to negative in the foreseeable future. We're also updating our EWC EBITDA outlook on Slide 11 and we're now extending that outlook through 2022, the end of our merchant nuclear operations. You can see that our EBITDA estimates have increased since last quarter due to our new plans to operate Palisades until spring of 2022 under the existing PPA. This change also means that going forward we do not expect that plant to be impaired from a GAAP perspective. Therefore future fuel expenditures and refueling outage costs will be put on the balance sheet and expensed over their remaining useful lives in a more normal fashion. This will increase operational fuel and reviewing outage expense starting with the next outage in late 2018 and decrease impairments which are considered special items from what we previously expected. Capital spending will also be reported to the balance sheet and depreciated over its remaining useful life. But depreciation expense will not affect EBITDA, but it will affect operational earnings. We have summarized these changes on Slide 38 in the appendix to help you understand how this will affect results in the future. These estimates also reflect our updated hedging profile. Excluding Palisades we have increased our contracted position since June 30 by approximately 8.6 terawatt hours over the next four years. This reduces cash flow risk as we exit the business. But also takes away some potential upside should practice increase. Finally, with our Palisades decision, we've made good progress towards our cash neutral goal for EWC including any contributions - including any contributions to the decommissioning trust. We are currently short of our goal by only approximately $100 hundred through 2022 which includes our preliminary assumptions for decommissioning trust contributions and we continue to work down a path to exceed our goal. Our cash and credit metrics are shown on slide 12. Our parent debt to total debt ratio is currently 20.9%. As we look ahead, the effect of our decision to run Palisades will be positive to cash flow and ultimately parent debt. But there will be timing differences, considering we won't receive the $172 million PPA termination payment next year and positive cash flow will be spread out over remaining operations of the plant. Debt to EBITDA is slightly above our target, while debt for construction expenditures are incurred in advance of recovery from customers. And our FFO to debt metric has been affected by the operating cash flow drivers previously discussed, including the negative weather incurred through the third quarter of this year and an unusually large number of nuclear refueling outages in the first and second quarters. We expect to finish the year stronger, well within our targeted range. As noted on slide 13, we will have additional details at the EEI Financial Conference, where we will continue the discussion of our business strategy, longer term views, 2018 drivers and other important topics. As has been our practice, we anticipate that we'll provide earnings guidance for 2018 and our detailed three year capital plan on our fourth quarter earnings call. I look forward to seeing many of you at the conference and now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your question please.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just wanted to follow up, first off, congratulations on Arkansas. I wanted to just see if - what your latest thoughts were about earning your ROE there. Obviously, you want to delay some of the conversation, longer term strategic thinking until EEI, but at least right now, what are you thinking your trajectory is towards earning your ROE again, assuming the current settlement stays. Obviously, there could be some shift still, but the status quo expectations.
Rod West: Julien, this is Rod. Good morning. I think our point of view hasn't changed in terms of what we've stated in the past and that is, we've reflected both the rate case and FRP settlements in Arkansas, the operation of the - both the cap and the true up mechanisms, such that by '19, we expect to approach our allowed ROE in Arkansas. And so all of that is reflected in our existing outlooks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Absolutely. But '18 is still something of a transition year.
Rod West: I think that's fair.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Excellent. And then turning to Louisiana, obviously, I'm looking for action here pretty shortly. Can you talk about what the specific impact on the transmission tracker you're talking about there, what would that mean in terms of your ability to earn and how meaningful is that within the scheme of what you're talking about there across the various points?
Rod West: Yeah. When you think about the - what we're seeking in the FRP renewal, that transmission tracker is really for us a recognition that the lion's share of the transmission spend that we have line of sight on is in front of us and a forward-looking mechanism would reduce the likelihood of a lag for us and our expectation is that that would allow us to earn and sustain our ROEs over the period. And so, we're in the middle of negotiations with the parties in Louisiana and they have the same line of sight that we do on our capital outlook and we're hopeful that they'll respond favorably to the approach.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And very quickly on the decommissioning trust true-up or to the extent it's necessary, what's the timeline do you think that you could actually get this resolved in terms of thinking about any kind of bigger arrangement to deal with that? Is that, shall we say, nearer term opportunity, if you could kind of summarize that, apologies if I didn't hear it clearly in the remarks.
Drew Marsh: Hey, Julien. This is Dew. I don't think I put a specific timeline out there in the remarks and with the movement of Palisades to 2022, it gives a lot more room to finalize that. We are moving forward on Vermont Yankee, so that piece of it will be finalized hopefully next year. But the other parts on Pilgrim Palisades and Indian Point might take a little bit longer. That doesn't mean, we won't make progress on it though. We are continuing to, well, I'm talking about longer it could be, longer for a transaction or something of that nature. But we are making progress on our own sort of go it alone strategies and other things around how we're going to de-fuel the plant and things like that. Expectations around those things, we could firm up as early as next year. We can continue to make progress on our overall objective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Jonathan Arnold: I have a question about the number you gave for weather and the $0.25 negative versus $0.18 positive and I think if I heard you right, you said the cooling degrees across the service territory was 16% below normal. My question, when we look at the sort of raw cooling degree data, it just looks much closer to normal than that. So I'm curious, are you showing an index that includes humility or other factors or just what are we missing there.
Leo Denault: No. That's weighted on our specific - different city than our service territory, Jonathan. It is just raw cooling degree data, we're not factoring humidity or other things in there at this point.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. That's helpful to know. So just pure CDD. That was my question.
Leo Denault: Yeah. But it is weighted by the various cities in our jurisdiction and relative size of those loads in the area.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Your question please.
Praful Mehta: So firstly on sales growth at the utility level, just clearly you have had some improvement. So wanted to understand that you're tracking now above the plan. Does that mean that 2018 will be benefited by that? Is that benefit going to flow through to 2018 as well or do you see that more as a 2017 impact in terms of retail sales.
Rod West: Praf, this is Rod. Good morning. I don't believe that the volatility we're seeing, whether it be positive or negative in '17 changes our point of view. At the end of the day, we still see, as Drew alluded to earlier, our growth driven by industrials with residential sort of being flat, flat to negative. So I think the short answer is no. We don't see that as changing our point of view.
Praful Mehta: And then on slide 35, on the EWC side, the hedging price has obviously gone up, but I'm assuming that's purely because of the PPA of Palisades, is that right?
Rod West: That's correct, Praful.
Praful Mehta: So - and the EBITDA impact that you also mentioned from EWC, which has also gone up from a guidance perspective, that increased looked quite substantial in the 100 million range, is that also just Palisades or are there other impacts there as well that impacted your guidance for EWC?
Rod West: No. That's primarily driven by Palisades. There are other minor things going on at the other plants, but what you're seeing, the effect that you're seeing is Palisades.
Praful Mehta: And just finally just clarifying on the decommissioning side, you mentioned that your goal still is to be cash neutral on the EWC side through the wind down through 2022, incorporating some contributions that you expect on decommissioning. Just wanted to understand, have you talked about what you expect to be contributing into decommissioning at this point and what is the whole you expect to be for that?
Rod West: So we haven't disclosed that yet, Praful, since we're in ongoing commercial discussions with third parties on the potential decommissioning of those facilities. So we haven't disclosed those, but we did change the number that we put out this time slightly before we had - we've just sort of given you a general idea of where we were relative to our goal and this time, we gave you a more specific number, we're about 100 million out. And so we are continuing to work that down and we are making progress and I think we probably do have line of sight to close the gap, we just haven't been able to do that in our financials just yet. And when we do that, that will be cash that should be available to the parent and be able to reduce some of the parent debt or be reinvested in to the utility business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Stephen Byrd: Congratulations on the progress in Arkansas. I wondered if you could just speak a little bit further. Leo, I know in prepared remarks, you talked about the scope a little bit, but I wasn't completely clear on the exact scope of this recent settlement. Could you just speak to that in terms of new costs particularly?
Rod West: Sure. It's Rod. Good morning. When you think about the settlement, what we reached a settlement on, with the AG and the other interveners was solely around the NSP costs. If you think about the 130 or so million that it was a subject of our '17 filing with the '18 forward-looking test year, the nuclear cost represented about 53 million of that. And so we resolved with the parties on the settlement of just the NSP or the nuclear related spend and we also got the testimony from the APSC staff. And so that portion of the FRP, at least as it relates to the interveners is resolved with no outstanding issues. What remains is the rest of the non-nuclear spend component of the formula rate plan. By the way, we also resolved with the parties the prior year's settlement that was already in rate. So that's really not anything incremental since we were already recovering that prior spend in rates. And so between now and November 1, our objective is to resolve the remaining non-nuclear aspects of the formula rate plan and those issues are what we would consider to be normal and expected inquiries and debates around timing of spend, certain assets being used in useful, known and measurable for purposes of the cap, but at the end of the day, all of those issues will be resolved between now and November 1 and ultimately be resolved in the true-up mechanism next year, to the extent that it's above that 4% cap. And so, nothing out of the ordinary. This is a significant resolution with the nuclear spend and everything else is what we consider to be the basic blocking and tackling of closing out the FRP.
Stephen Byrd: Well, that's great progress, Rod. And just if I can understand the, so staff was the party for this settlement, their testimony, I view it as constructive, but can you help me understand the intersection between staff and the settlement.
Rod West: Sure. The staff was not a party to this specific settlement. Staff, of course, representing their point of view to the commission. And so both the settlement that we've reached with the AG and the JRA, I know them as the interveners. So the AG in the hospitals and industrials, that will all be presented to the Arkansas Public Service Commission who is the ultimate arbiter of all of the settlements. And so the staff is one voice and certainly a significant one from our vantage point that gets presented to the commission, essentially identifying any outstanding issues that may remain. From our point of view, resolution with the interveners, with the support of testimony from the staff gives us confidence that we provide a pretty strong case for settlement to the APSC.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: So just on the 2018, you mentioned that your forecast assumes conservative assumptions, including flat sales. Is that flat overall sales and are you just being conservative or is there a reason that you think they'll be flat overall sales.
Drew Marsh: Hey, Steve. This is Drew. A couple of things there. One is, we haven't really changed our outlook for 2018 all that much. We had previously seen industrial sales kind of move out. So we weren't anticipating much in terms of industrial sales. So that's kind of flat and we're anticipating overall flat as well. But our residential and commercial hasn't really changed. It's been - '17 has caught up a little bit and so it's tracking, as we said, back where we were anticipating it previously at the beginning of the year. So now that our sales in 2018 for residential and commercial are the same, but starting point has changed from '17. So it's basically flat, residential, commercial, industrial and total.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Michael Lapides: Just on Entergy Louisiana, you're filing for the formula rate plan reset and when would those new rates go no effect, is it still kind of the September timeframe or would it be before that in 2018?
Rod West: Mike, it's Rod. You're right. It's September '18 and that's just the reason why we're seeking to get the settlement. If we're going to reach a settlement to get that issue resolved by the December, early first quarter of '18, so that the Public Service Commission and their staff has the ability to review, approve and comment on, so that rates could go into effect by September '18. That's the normal rate making path that I think Leo made reference to in his comments.
Michael Lapides: And then the current FRP filing where you didn't request to change, that's because you aren't within the ROE band. I'm just trying to think about whether you would anticipate needing a sizable rate increase to get to the midpoint or are you kind of already close to it there when you think about your 2017 expectations at Entergy Louisiana?
Rod West: Well, we certainly have a request for an increase to the midpoint. That number is not public. But we do have a point of view that the interveners are working through on getting to the midpoint. But Michael, it's not public at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Shar Pourezza from Guggenheim Partners. Your question please.
Shar Pourezza: Most of my questions were answered. Just, Drew, one thing I'm not clear on is on the sale of the decommissioning trust funds, what's sort of driving the complexity that's causing sort of the sales to get somewhat pushed out, especially since you've got sort of a benchmark deal already with Vermont Yankee? And then just a follow up is can you confirm if there is any other buyers out there outside of the NorthStar JV.
Drew Marsh: Yeah. So, Shar, those are good questions. So, a couple of things are driving the timeline. One is it's first of a kind. And so it - any kind of first of a kind transaction is going to take you a little longer. But second, we're working on creating a market here. And so you alluded to any other buyers outside of the NorthStar JV and yeah, the answer is yes. There are a few. But it's taken a while to get everybody up to speed and give them access to materials, give them access to plants to make sure that they have a good sense of what they're trying to accomplish and so forth. And so, as we are going through this first of a kind transaction, we're trying to build a market for us to sell into. So it's taking us a little bit longer than we anticipated. But having said all that, we are finding some robust interest. I mean I'm not saying there is 10 buyers out there, but there's 4 or 5 people that have serious capabilities and serious interests that we are looking at. And so, the market is coming along, but it is taking us a little while to get it all together.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to David Borde for any further remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Jonathan and thanks to everyone for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for safe harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our annual report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. The events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. This concludes our call. Thank you and we'll see you all at EEI.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - VP, IR Leo Denault - Chairman and CEO Andrew Marsh - CFO and EVP Roderick West - EVP Christopher Bakken - Chief Nuclear Officer & EVP
Analysts: Praful Mehta - Citigroup Chris Turnure - JPMorgan Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Neel Mitra - Tudor Pickering Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Entergys Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference call Mr. David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Borde: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then, Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements and these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in our earnings release, our slide presentation and the company's SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. We had another productive quarter executing on our strategy to deliver steady predictable growth in earnings at our core utility business, which supports our long-term dividend growth aspiration. 2017 is on pace to be another year with significant accomplishments on multiple fronts that continue to position us to deliver on our outlooks. Specifically, the Louisiana Commission approved the Lake Charles Power Station project. The Texas Commission approved to the Montgomery County Power Station project, Entergy Louisiana filed for approval of the Washington Parish Energy Center. The Mississippi and Louisiana commissions were the first of our jurisdictions to approve deployment of advanced metering infrastructure. The State of Texas passed legislation that clarifies the applicability of existing advanced meter regulation to Entergy Texas and we now have made our formal AMI filing. Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Louisiana filed their annual Formula Rate Plans. The Mississippi Commission approved Entergy Mississippi's 2017 test year FRP. And finally, Entergy Texas filed a settlement to increase its distribution cost recovery line. In many instances these results are the product of the strong collaborative efforts between our teams and our regulators and their staffs for the benefit of our customers. And with these projects decisions and approvals more than 85% of our cumulative capital plan through 2019 is ready for execution from a regulatory approval standpoint. And more importantly, we continue to manage the effects of our investments and rate actions on our customers. In fact, in a recent report from S&P Global Market Intelligence based on data from the Energy Information Administration indicates that in 2016 Entergy provided power to its retail customers at the lowest average retail price in the United States. Today we are reporting that Utility, Parent & Other adjusted earnings per share contributed $1.12 to our consolidated results for the quarter. These results are in line with our financial plan and they keep us solidly within our full year adjusted EPS guidance range for our core Utility, Parent & Other business. At the same time, we are shifting our Entergy consolidated operational earnings guidance through the second income tax item at EWC which Drew will discuss further in his remarks. During the quarter we continue to demonstrate significant progress to modernize the utility infrastructure and enhance its efficiency and reliability for the benefit of our customers. Starting with generation. In June we received final approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission to move forward with the construction of the Lake Charles Power Station in Westlake Louisiana. This approximately 990 megawatts CCGT is expected to be placed into service in 2020. In July, we received final approval from the Public Utility Commission of Texas to build the Montgomery County Power Station. This too will be in approximately 990 megawatts CCGT, with the same technology as the Lake Charles Power Station. The plan is expected to be placed into service in 2021. These projects will contribute to our portfolio transformation efforts to replace older less efficient plants with new generation. These new units we use state-of-the art Emission Control Technology in a highly efficient by capturing and using waste heat that are part of their generation. They are an important part of our strategy to meet our voluntary commitment to develop an electric system that is well positioned to operate in a carbon constrained economy. Beyond environmental benefits these projects are also the result of our collaborative work with our stakeholders to advance economic development in our region. Combined, the Lake Charles and Montgomery County projects are expected to produce at least $3 billion in net benefits to our customers in Louisiana and Texas to lower production costs. They are also expected to provide thousands of jobs during construction and generate over $2 billion in economic activity for their local communities. In July we also filed a supplemental and amending application for the New Orleans Power Station. The application renewed our request for approval of the originally proposed 226 megawatt combustion turbine and also presented an alternative proposal to construct a 128 megawatt unit composed of seven natural gas fired reciprocating engines. Both projects offer significant benefits to our customers and provide modern, efficient, faster technology that will enhance reliability and operational flexibility. Either resource will aid in restoration efforts following major weather events, which is particularly critical for the city of New Orleans. In addition either project could facilitate the adoption of renewables into Entergy, as well as portfolio by providing a resource capable of cycling around the intermittency of renewables. Our application also reaffirms our commitment to pursue up to 100 megawatts of renewable resources. Finally in May we filed for the approval and cost recovery of the Washington Parish Energy Center with the Louisiana Public Service Commission. This project will benefit customers by adding much needed long-term peaking and reserve capacity at a cost below that of the comparable new facility. In addition, the project is expected to generate millions of dollars in economic development, tax revenue and construction jobs for Bogalusa and the surrounding area. We also invested over $220 million this quarter in transmission grid. These investments which have now exceeded $425 million through the first half of the year are necessary to improve the reliability of our system, reduce transmission congestion and enable the delivery of additional cost effective energy, maintain compliance with NERC standards and support economic development in our region. We continue to work with MISO on future transmission projects. The 2017 MTEP planning process is on course and the MISO board is evaluating nearly $1 billion plan over the next five years and will make its selection and give final approval to projects in December. In addition, in September we will be submitting MTEP 2018 projects for approval next year. Turning now to the distribution side of our business. As you know, we made our filings in our jurisdictions seeking approval for the deployment of advanced meters and the back office systems supporting those meters. We continue to get positive feedback from our stakeholders and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached significant milestones. In Mississippi and Louisiana Public Service Commissions were the first very jurisdiction's to approve the implementation of AMI. In Texas, legislation was passed that clarifies the applicability of existing advanced meter regulation to utilities outside of ERCOT. This cleared the path for Entergy Texas to file its AMI deployment plan with the PUCT which we did in July. Procedural schedules have been modified in New Orleans and Arkansas to allow additional time for settlement discussions among the parties before the next rounds of testimony are filed. And finally, we are moving ahead with the construction of our back office systems and testing of the infrastructure ahead of a 2019 star for meter deploying. We are very pleased with these important developments, particularly in light of the benefits that advance meters will provide to our customers and the follow on technologies and services then able will to provide new opportunities to reduce costs and provide our customers greater control and options over their energy usage, in addition to a better customer experience. We will continue to provide updates on these efforts, which will serve as the foundation for an integrated energy network and represent a key milestone for the future of our company and our industry. On the regulatory front, we've carried out our rhythm of Formula Rate Plans and other filings across our jurisdictions. In Mississippi, the Public Service Commission approved AMIs 2017 FRP filing with an earned ROE of 9.79% within the allowed range with no change to base rates. In May Entergy Louisiana filed its 2016 test year FRP. We earned ROE of 9.84% was within the approved band indicating no change to base rates. As a reminder, this marks the last filing under the current three year Formula Rate Plans and we will be working with our commissioners and stakeholders to seek to renew the FRP mechanism with some adjustment. Entergy Arkansas filed its 2018 test year FRP in July. The filing indicated an earned ROE of 6.23% with a projected deficiency of approximately $130 million. However, rate adjustment is capped at 4% of total revenue or around $70 million dollars. We expect a decision from the commission in the fourth quarter of this year. In April, we requested that the Commission review in conjunction with this year's FRP filing the costs from last year's filing that remain subject to refund. The commission approved our request, filing includes further information supporting the prudence of those costs. In addition, in Texas the governor signed a bill that removes the distribution cost recovery factors 2019 termination provision, thereby formally recognizing the DCRF as a permanent rate making construct of available to Entergy Texas. In July, Entergy Texas filed a settlement agreement to increase its rider recovery by approximately $10 million. The DCRF, along with the transmission cost recovery factor provides greater financial flexibility to support the needs of our customers in Texas. From an operational perspective, I would like to highlight that our nuclear organization completed seven refuelling outages this year, which was a significant undertaking. In addition to the actual refuelling, we invested over $230 million to complete multiple planned capital projects across the fleet. These were driven by the need to replace equipment that has reached the end of its useful life or to proactively replace equipment before it becomes an operational challenge. All of these are consistent with the types of projects performed at other nuclear fleets and support sustained operational excellence to improve the equipment reliability, efficiency and capacity factors all to the benefit of our customers, as we work to keep these important resources online for the long-term. For example, at River Bend we are replacing analog trimming control system with a modern digital control system. With analog spare parts no longer available, many of our peers have converted to digital controls or are currently working on similar conversion projects. This modification has already presented an automatic shut down. We replaced heat exchangers at two units to correct marginal heat removal capabilities. We replaced turbine blading at two units to maintain optimum performance and made large motor replacements across the fleet. These are just a few examples of the many projects we are conducting at our plants on an ongoing basis, some are substantial, but others are smaller in scope, but all are important to support operation excellence. As reflected in our accomplishments over the quarter, our execution at the utility was once again on the mark. Each of the projects, each of the approvals, each of the decisions contributes to reduce the risk of our capital plan and strengthen our ability to deliver our near term and long-term outlook. With critical decisions behind us, our strategy to execute a planned orderly exit of our Merchant business remains on track. Our employees dedication to the safe operations of our plants through this transition exemplifies the essence of our merchant team's determination to finish strong. Pilgrim successfully completed its final refuelling outage and at Palisades the Commission is scheduled to make its decision on early termination of the existing PPA at the end of September. As we move toward a complete wind down of our merchant operations, we will continue to look for opportunities to test our nuclear assets, post shut down for the purposes of decommission. However, those efforts do not materialize into firm transactions. We are prepared and able to successfully manage the process from shutdowns into dormancy, also known as safe store and then to eventual decommissioning decades from now. And Entergy we play a vital role as a corporate citizen in every region where we operate and our core values are reflected in our support of our communities. We work hard every day to earn the trust of our customers we serve. Nowhere are these values more apparent than when our employees go above and beyond to serve our customers during their most difficult times. So our system withstood Tropical Storm, Cindy well. Our employees remained diligent and we safely repaired damaged infrastructure and restored power for those affected. Storm restoration is just one of the many ways our engaged workforce, powers life for all of Entergys stakeholders. We recently received recognition for our civic minded approach to doing business and our commitment to diversity in the workplace and organizational health. For the second consecutive year, Entergy Corporation was named to the Civic 50. The Points of Light initiative honoring the most - 50 most community minded companies in the nation. The Women's Business Enterprise National Council presented Entergy with the America's top corporations for women's business enterprises award. Recipients of the word were celebrated for collectively spending more than $35 billion this companies owned by women. Entergy was recognized as one of the top of the 2017 top workplaces in New Orleans region in recognition of introducing organizational health. Furthermore, we remain dedicated to the economic development of our region through our $5 million five year workforce development initiative. So far we've awarded $2.5 million in grants to 25 grantees in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. We will continue to work with state agencies and local communities to promote growth across our service areas. Our success is dependent on ensuring that the communities we serve and live in are flourished. In conclusion, our results year-to-date keep us solidly within our full year adjusted EPS guidance range for our core Utility, Parent & Other business. 2017 has already been a year of significant accomplishments that position us to deliver on our outcomes. A large majority of our capital plan to 2019 is ready for execution from a regulatory approval standpoint and is supported by progressive regulatory mechanisms. We are making progress toward the improvement of our nuclear operations and with AMI we are taking an important foundational step toward investing in integrated Entergy Network of the future. Technology investments beyond them, I represent the future of our company and our industry and will deliver benefits to our customers, who will fundamentally alter their energy consumption habits. In the second half of the year, we look forward to continued execution on our strategy, to invest in our core utility business for the benefit of customers and reduce risk including the orderly wind down of our merchant power business. And we will continue to manage our business to preserve our competitive race for the benefit of our customers. And now, I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning everyone. I'd like to start the quarterly financial review with a key takeaway on the platform. Starting with our core business on the upper right Utility, Parent & Other adjusted earnings were $1.12 per share, normalizing the effect of weather and income taxes. This result keeps us in the middle of our UP&O guidance range for the year. Turning to top left corner, our consolidated earnings were $3.11 per share on an operational view last to a year ago. Entergy as reported earnings per share were $2.27, including special items related to decisions to sell or close EWC nuclear plants. This quarter special reduced earnings by $0.84 and included $0.48 for refuelling outage and fuel impairments, $0.22 for capital that was immediate expense and $0.14 for severance and retention costs. Similar to last year, our operational earnings for the quarter reflected tax items. You previously noted the potential of our tax item this year that was not included in our guidance. Therefore as we communicated last quarter we are now shifting our 2017 consolidated operational earnings guidance upward by $2.05 per share to reflect the magnitude of the tax item, as you can see in the bottom right corner. Utility, Parent and Other results are summarized on slide 5. Operational earnings were a $1.03 and adjusted earnings were a $1.12. Weather is estimated to have reduced operational earnings by $0.09 in the quarter. On an adjusted view, earnings were strict and lower than second quarter of 2016, as higher expenses for nuclear operations consistent with our plan were partly offset by higher net revenue. Net revenue increased from new base rate and riders to recover productive investment to benefit customers. Billed retail sales increased on a weather adjusted basis with growth across all customer classes. In the industrial group growth from sales to new and expansion customers came from primary metals, chloro-alkali and industrial gases. The chloro-alkali segment also contributed to the increase in sales to existing customers. Although billed sales growth for the quarter was strong, the net revenue effect was more than offset by a decline in unbilled revenue. Turning to EWC results on slide 6, operational earnings were $2.08 in the current period compared to a dollar $1.34 in the second quarter last year. Both periods include income tax items from election battle. For tax purposes resulted in recognition of deductions for decommissioning liabilities today. These deductions created permanent differences. Excluding the tax items, EWCs operational earnings would have been $0.01 in each of the periods. Other variances which offset each other were higher earnings on decommissioning trust and higher decommissioning expense. EWC specials are largely on track for the original full year expectation. With the exception of the income tax benefit in the first quarter and the results from FitzPatrick sales. Our current estimate for special items is $2.05 for the year. On slide 7, operating cash flow in the second quarter was $290 million, approximately $439 lower than a year ago. While this was unusual there are a few understandable explanations for the decline. First, as Leo noted, we had a large number of nuclear refuelling outages this quarter both EWC the utility plants, including the cost of the outages, as well as loss revenue of EWC this accounted for about 50% of the total decline. Expect to recover these cost through revenue at EWC and rates utility. EWCs severance and retention payments was approximately $100 million in the quarter, as compared to minimal payments last year. It's important to note that severance and retention expense is accrued rateably over time, paid out at specific milestone, such as the completion of refuelling outage. These have been considered in our EWC cash flow outlook. And most of the remaining change to operating cash flow was in utility, we saw a decrease in cash flow due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchase power cost. We expect these costs to be fully recovered over time. The second half of the year, we expect operating cash flow to be higher than last year, making up a portion of the current quarter decline. Now turning to slide 8, we are affirming our Utility and Other adjusted EPS guidance. While full year non-fuel O&M is expected to be favourable to plan, top line growth is expected to be lower. We now see full year sales growth a little higher than 1% with residential and commercial sales lower at around negative 0.5%, mostly offset by industrial sales above our original plan. EWC is expected to come in close to the midpoint assumption plus quarter's income tax item. As I mentioned earlier due to the tax item we shifted the consolidated operational guidance range upward by $2.05 to a mid point of $7.10. This means that we are in the same position within our guidance range where we would have been. Driven by $0.25 of weather and year to date results, we currently see year end consolidated operational earnings in the lower end of the range. Looking ahead to the second half of the year on slide 9, there are a few key drivers for the next two quarter that I'd like to highlight in order to bring your expectations in line with ours. For the first half of the year UP&O adjusted earnings were $0.18 lower than a year ago. Aligning with expectations around the midpoint of our guidance range for the full year, the second half of this year is anticipated to be about $0.20 higher than last year. There are non-recurring items in 2016 that will drive a $0.05 decline in third quarter earnings and a $0.10 increase in the core. These include DOE awards and regulatory charges, which we highlighted on our quarterly consideration slide on the fourth quarter call. Looking at the business, we expect continued top line growth primarily from rate actions about $0.30 over the remainder of the year. We will continue to see higher nuclear spending to increase staffing levels to be consistent with industry norms and execute on projects that will improve the reliability. This will decrease earnings about $0.20 in the second half of the year, about two thirds of that coming in the third quarter. Excluding those items, other non-fuel O&M is expected to drive a $0.10 decline in third quarter earnings and a $0.20 increase in the fourth. The fourth quarter variance is primarily project driven, including four planned outages at natural gas and coal plant in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to only one this year. Online, we expect third quarter to be below last year and fourth quarter to be above last year. Moving to the longer term view on slide 10, our adjusted UP&O outlook remains unchanged. Our expectations especially for 2019 and beyond are firming up with execution on key deliverables such as regulatory approvals for the Lake Charles Power Station and Montgomery County power station, as well as AMI and Mississippi and Louisiana. As always, we are working to mitigate near-term risks and sales growth and discount rate now assume at 4.5% for 18 and 19. We're also updating our EWC EBITDA outlook on slide 11. Our 5 year EBITDA view has come down from last quarter due mostly to lower power price curves. The spring outages were also longer than planned, which reduced EBITDA. Nonetheless, from an overall cash flow perspective, given changes to EBITDA, capital, working capital and other categories, we now see an improvement in EWCs free cash flow through 2021, to slightly positive from about breakeven excluding any potential contribution to the decommissioning trust. However, it is still our goal to achieve a cash neutral position through the end of operation including the decommissioning trust and that goal remains achievable. Our cash and credit metrics are shown on slide 12. We remain committed to solid investment grade credit ratings. For the past few years and especially in the last 12 months, we have made a significant improvement in our credit risk profile. We transitioned to a pure play utility from a hybrid with ongoing merchant risk. Our parent debt to total debt ratio is currently 20.5%, down from 21.1% a quarter ago. We were made focused on optimizing the timing and size of the utility debt issuances to maintain the appropriate equity ratios and the right levels of cash at each of our businesses. Our FFO to debt metric has been affected by the operating cash flow drivers previously discussed and we expect this year stronger within the targeted range. Our results this quarter keep us on track to achieve our full year commitment. We continue to execute on a strategy, focus is on our four key stakeholders and strengthen the foundation to achieve our steady and predictable growth outlook. At the same time, we will continue to manage risk throughout the company, including the order of the wind down of our merchant business. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta: Thank so much. Hi, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Morning. So a quickly on nuclear O&M, saw the nuclear O&M was higher, the utility side as well. Just wanted to understand is that related with the improvement in nuclear operations and also wanted to understand for instance you often saw what's the process in terms of recovery of that or getting that as part of the regular proceeding on the regulatory side?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew, Praful. And Ill take the first part and turn it over Rod for the second part. So yes, it is related to the ongoing improvement efforts that we are making within the nuclear organization and the same dollars that we highlighted last fall at EEI when we talked about the expectations for spending within the nuclear business going forward. So they are the same thing.
Roderick West: Hey. Good morning, Praful. Its Rod. And on the on the process of - in SP recovery and the Arkansas FRB, the ex-parte rules are in effect that FRP process is undergoing with an expectation that a December decision is part of the procedural schedule. Discovery is under way in both the NSP and other costs associated with Arkansas that drive our point of view on revenue requirements are well supported by the record. And so we expect to get resolution on your question within SP by year end and alongside the rest of Arkansas is operating costs.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thanks. And then secondly on the tax part, there was a meaningful I guess benefit tax deductions on decommissioning liabilities Drew that you talked about. Could you just give a little be more color of what that is and how again, I guess what's the way that you get that benefit?
Andrew Marsh: Well, Praful, essentially it's an acceleration of the decommissioning liability to become a deduction today. And the way it happens, it's very similar to the same transaction that we had last year, only a little larger because of the decommissioning liabilities are larger this year. There's a lot that goes on in that transaction in addition to the deduction. There are offsetting gains, there are basis step ups, there are reserves. But it doesn't all that back to zero and that's where the earnings comes in. So you know, we have certainly worked with the IRS. We've worked through external counsel to make sure that we have the interpretation of the code correct. But  and we're comfortable where we are. I think those are those are sort of the main drivers, it's that decommissioning liability recognition that is the main driver of the deduction today.
Praful Mehta: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Turnure of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Chris Turnure: Good morning. Just to follow up on the last question on the Arkansas FRP, you said that by year end you would expect a final decision there. Have you had any conversations with interveners or other parties to give you an indication as to whether the nuclear cost issue would be settled or agreed upon in this exact schedule or if that would get deferred again? I mean, kind of what are you thinking there?
Roderick West: I think one of the reasons I think I stated ex-parte rules are in effect is that we're not allowed to engage at least on the commission staff side of the equation. And so it's early and I would expect us looking at the procedural schedule that we get some indication sometime in the October timeframe, as we begin to get our responses to the positions we've taken from some of the stakeholders. But everything right now is happening on paper with RFIs consistent with the procedural schedule. RFIs is being requests for information amongst the parties.
Chris Turnure: Okay. And then transitioning to either do you see, you mentioned I think the multiyear cash flow outlook was slightly positive now versus roughly neutral before, excluding any kind of decommissioning activity or funding needs. What has really driven that change and kind of has anything changed on the expense O&M expect front there specifically?
Andrew Marsh: A little bit, but that hasn't been the primary driver. We've also been able to reduce our capital expectations and reduce some of our fuel cost expectations. Those have been probably much bigger drivers than the O&M side and those - but those are being offset little bit by the fall in market prices. So we didn't make as much progress as we hoped, but still enough to say that we are a bit ahead of neutral at this point.
Chris Turnure: Okay, great. That's all I have. Thanks.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask about a couple of the regulated periods. First of all in Arkansas, Do I understand correctly you're asking for almost - you're showing that your revenue requirement request is almost $130 million, but due to the caps you can't actually get that much in the way of new revenue increases?
Andrew Marsh: Yes, that's correct Michael. You know, that you have it exactly right.
Michael Lapides: So we should assume that at least for 2018 there's probably a little bit of under earning in Arkansas just due to the ballpark $16 million spread between the two unless youre somehow able to manage O&M down or you get above average demand growth?
Andrew Marsh: Michael, throughout, I think directionally you're right. We expect to get substantially close to the allowed ROEs by 19 and beyond, as we work through both the 4% cap and the true up mechanisms that will take us through that 17 and 18 timeframe. But keep in mind that we affirmed our outlooks and in doing so we contemplated the allowed ROEs and earnings for Arkansas during that period. So it's consistent.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then in both Louisiana and Mississippi on the electric side in the $4 million process, you're not asking for revenue increases. Do either of those subsidiaries see the impact of some of the higher nuclear costs? And if so, why wouldnt those costs kind of flow through and therefore you need recovery at those expenses?
Andrew Marsh: In Louisiana we're filing to renew the FRP process that expires in - with the 16 thresh year and we are not seeking specific of the nuclear costs outside of the normal rate making process. And so it is with Mississippi, where Mississippi despite the fact that we have grand golf sitting in the state of Mississippi, grand golf is a FERC regulated facility that's not part of Mississippi's rate based recovery mechanism. So Mississippi recovers their grand gold associated costs through recovery rider.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And I guess last thing, you mentioned the grand golf and kind of the FERC oversight of grand golf, just curious what's embedded in that in guidance for the ongoing rate case or rate complaint that's under way there?
Andrew Marsh: That's true. You know, we have contemplated something different than our expectations or I guess the current ROE that we haven't - we haven't published what that is because we have ongoing proceeding. But it is based into your outlook.
Michael Lapides: Are you actually currently baking in your earnings numbers and seen this in some of the transmission cases where companies went ahead and started booking for earnings purposes a low ROE. Are you actually still booking the original ROE for Syria or are you booking something lower than that due to the complaint?
Andrew Marsh: We're booking something lower. Michael, we're not booking the full amount at this point.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay, guys. Thank you, much appreciate it.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, guys.
Andrew Marsh: Morning, Shahriar.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: So let me just ask on the decommissioning activities and the sale process, it's been going on for some time. Can you just maybe elaborate on sort of the interest level there? And then what the process looks like. Are you still looking at Pilgrim Palisades to potentially the end point? And then - or is this just as simple as saying Northstar has made an announcement and that you expected to make something by year end? Just a little bit of color on that process if you could?
Andrew Marsh: Sure, Shahriar. You know, we'll continuing to work down the path on that front, that is still a key objective for us. But as we talked about on the call last quarter, it's a pretty involved process and as we've gone along in Vermont, Vermont has been very engaged on the discovery process. It's been more than probably we were all anticipating in terms of the volume of information, but we continue to believe that we are making good progress on that. But because of the engagement level and the process is likely going to be a little bit slower than what we had anticipated. I don't think it will change our expectations on closed rate because we werent playing close until the end of 2018 anyway, but it's slowing down the regulatory process. And in turn that slowing down our expectations for where we might go with Pilgrim in Palisades and ultimately the end point. So we are thinking about that we're working down those paths. But these are first of the kind transactions and they're probably taking us a little longer than anticipated, but there's still an objective for us.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the same topic. It's good to see that you're modestly you know, cash positive here, despite the down moving on the power curves. But, do you expect that if there is a sale process with the remaining three assets from the decommissioning activities that would have a material impact to the cash flow trajectory of that of that business?
Andrew Marsh: We are assuming some cash in our current outlooks to be used for that purpose. And so I don't know that it should have a material change in our outlook. But that that process remains missing. And what we have out there is based on our expectations for the decommissioning costs, not necessarily a third party. So there could be a little bit difference and we are aiming through these processes to try and bring our expectations down a little bit so. So we do have something built into our outlooks already, particularly it's going to be reflected mostly in that parent debt to total debt number. But I don't know that we have an expectation this point to be materially different than that.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Neel Mitra of Tudor Pickering. Your line is open.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: Morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: Just had a quick question on scheduling with the Arkansas FRP. I believe the procedural schedule had a final decision in sometime in January and I guess you guys are assuming that you're going to get something in December. Just wanted to understand the discrepancy in and you know, when you think that could ultimately play out and actually matters if it's in January versus December?
Roderick West: This is Rod. We had the procedural schedule with a hearing and the decision in December that with a rate adjustment would take place in January.
Neel Mitra: Okay. So the final decision will come in December and then the
Roderick West: The actual rate impact or adjustment would be made at the beginning of the year.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. And then could you kind of remind me you know, on a rough percentage level the Nuclear Sustainability plan you know, in each jurisdiction how involved it is, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi et cetera?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. I think that the easiest way to think about it and I don't know we have any updated disclosures around it, but you know, there's two points - it's almost my eyesight. You know, we have two units in Arkansas. We have two units in Louisiana and then you have Grand Gulf which is in Syria and it's sort of allocated amongst the few of utilities. So I think that's probably the easiest way to think about it.
Neel Mitra: You know, are there some sites that are going to require more capital spending in O&M than others or for our purposes should be kind of just weighted equally?
Andrew Marsh: I think awaited more or less equally. There aren't any, you know, we have sort of like visual controls and condenser type projects and most of them. And so there there's not - there's not a project a plan in particular it has a very large capital expectation. And the O&M is pretty much the same, increase is pretty much the same across each unit.
Neel Mitra: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold: I'm just curious, I mean, one of your fellow utilities as it goes, I think over the last of the several states just announced a major rate base wind project. I'm curious whether you think that's something that might be an opportunity for Entergy, also something along those lines?
Andrew Marsh: You know, Jonathan we are obviously like everyone else we're watching what's happening with the price points, or renewable storage. New technologies, we've deployed renewables from the solar standpoint, which is more applicable in our service territory. If it's going to be source in our service territory, not without a lot of transmission of a structure to come in. And as I mentioned, as part of our New Orleans filing we have also made a commitment per hundred megawatts renewables there. We see them playing a bigger role in our strategy going forward. The majority of what we add in the future will be natural gas and then transitioning into renewables and then other technologies as they become cost competitive. Big wind farms like that for us. We haven't found that make a lot of sense. I wouldn't rule it out. But right now our focus is probably on smaller more targeted projects within the footprint of our service territory and so.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then separate topic, I think Leo you mentioned might so in the planning process in your prepared remarks and I'm not sure, did you indicated you thought there might be some incremental opportunities coming out of that or is that - we should we think about those being within the context of the current plan?
Leo Denault: It's most likely in the context of the current plan.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. All right. Thats it. Thank you very much.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Just a quick question on the quarter, I think were a lot of nuclear outages in the quarter and should we view that as primarily being doing the work on the Nuclear Sustainability plan or operational issues?
Leo Denault: I'll let Chris give some color. But I will say it's probably a little bit of both. You know, the biggest outage I think we had at EWC was related to the [indiscernible]. But then there was a lot of work that went on with the nuclear strategic plan in the utility.
Christopher Bakken: Especially if I'd characterize it the same way this is of course, the seven outage that were planned normal refuelling outages and then those outages we do take some extra time to improve the safety and the reliability of plants. So it's a combination of the two.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then Drew, at the end of your comments you mentioned that - and please re-characterize, as I think you said you kind of better firmed up with these plant approvals for 2019 and beyond outlook for the Utility and Other . And then  but then there some pressures I thought on 18 from sales and pension. Could you could you just give a little more color there and what also you know, what should we expect at EI this year, you're going to get some of like drivers like you normally do?
Andrew Marsh: Sure. Well probably come out with the same type of drivers that we typically do see. 19 and beyond that was I think analogous to what Leo was talking about with continued execution on the major capital projects that are going to lead us into the future in terms of rate base growth. And so you know our earnings growth should follow that rate base growth over time. But at any given period, what I wanted to say was you know, we always have risks around both positive and negative for sales growth and pension you know. The pension growth risk hi highlighted at 4.5%, we might be 25 basis points below that right now. So $0.05 to $0.10 of risk for 18 sitting there. And then you know kind of using rules of thumb you know, probably the same kind of risk on or opportunity on sales right now. So I just want to make sure that everybody's aware that those risks on a near term basis are always out there. But over you know, a couple of cycles in the regulatory process, so should smooth out and the main driver is long - term going to be the capital growth in our rate base.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. But pardon me if I missed this, but I know that you continue to say as you did in the first quarter that you're doing better on O&M relative to the baseline expectation and guidance. Can you refresh our memories specifically what areas you are doing better than budget?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. Greg, so the main areas where we have been doing better are in the utility related  I am talking about year-to-date, there a little bit difference on second half of the year because some of it's project driven. But the main things is year-to-date have been expectations around primarily our power generation business, it was primarily our fossil generation. We have been able to operate at lower costs year-to-date there and capture some of that. And we've also seen some lower insurance costs. We were anticipating lower insurance costs this year, but some of the premiums are coming even better than what we are anticipating. So that's been helping out. And those are things that we would continue to expect to see through the balance of the year. Some of the other pieces are timing related cost if we thought we were going to spend you know, like the second quarter, but they're now in the third quarter of that kind of thing. And those we are anticipating in the second half of the year, as part of what I've laid out. But the main things have been in our power generation business, not including nuclear and in some of our you know, traditional sort of overhead costs.
Greg Gordon: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Your line is open.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Leo, I believe you said the industrial sales are ahead of plan year-to-date. Can you give a little more color as far as on long-term, I mean are you still pretty bullish on industrial sales and what growth rate are you - can you look at. I know you talked a lot about that in the past?
Leo Denault: Yeah. Actually Drew said it, so I'll let him start
Charles Fishman: It works for me.
Leo Denault: So when it works for me too because Drew's a smarter guy than I am, so I appreciate the comment.
Andrew Marsh: So Charles the industrial growth expectation is that will continue on for the next few years. Although in 18 we are anticipating a slight slow don to the industrial growth and that's because one of the  or actually a couple of the main drivers for 18 growth, those projects have been delayed and are now expected to come online in 19. And they were pretty large customers. So while we still are expecting large growth over the next few years comparable to what we are expecting this year on average it's going to be a little off center, a little less than 18, probably a little bit more than 19.
Charles Fishman: So going forward lumpy, but you're still seeing in that same growth trajectory in the Mississippi Delta, correct?
Andrew Marsh: Thats correct, for the next couple of years, next few years.
Charles Fishman: Okay
Andrew Marsh: You know, once you get out beyond like 20, 21 it's a little lumpier. But you know we - because we're talking about these large industrial customers you can usually see them coming a couple years out. So we're basing our industrial growth based on those large customers being added to the system. And beyond that it's hard to see because they're not yet you know, reaching their financial decision points in order to me make decisions to go forward.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That was all I have. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Borde for any closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Amanda and thank everyone for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for safe harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our annual report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. The events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. And then finally please note that we've added a new page to Entergy Investor Relations website called regulatory and other information, which contains information that we think will be helpful to investors. We plan to provide key updates to regulatory proceedings and important milestones on the execution of our strategy and the company plans to use its corporate Twitter feed to notify investors of updates to this web page. While some of this information may be considered material, investors should not rely exclusively on this new website for all relevant company information. The website will not provide updates of every filing made in every regulatory proceeding or updates of all progress made on a strategic execution. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participant in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everybody have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - VP, IR Leo Denault - Chairman and CEO Andrew Marsh - CFO and EVP Roderick West - EVP Christopher Bakken - Chief Nuclear Officer & EVP Theodore Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations, Chairman, CEO, and President, System Energy Resources, Inc.
Analysts: Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Chase Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities Praful Mehta - Citigroup Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Teleconference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call Mr. David Borde, the Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then, Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the earnings release, the slide presentation and the company's SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.  Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflect a good start to another important year for Entergy, as we build on the momentum of last year's achievements that have made us a stronger company. We continue to make significant progress to transform our generation portfolio, reduce the risk in our merchant power business and invest in our core Utility business. In fact, this quarter, we accomplished everything in our plan to achieve our objectives. The Indian Point settlement that we announced in January is being implemented on the agreed-upon schedule. We completed the sale of FitzPatrick to Exelon Generation. We filed for regulatory approval to transfer Vermont Yankee. We received the final order in our transmission cost recovery factored filing in Texas. We filed our annual FRP with forward-looking features in Mississippi. We finalized renewable RFP selections in Arkansas and Louisiana. And today, we're reporting first quarter operational earnings per share of $0.99. These results are in line with our expectations for the quarter and we're on track to achieve our full year guidance. As a validation of the disciplined execution of our strategy to reposition our company for steady predictable growth in earnings and dividends, Moody's, following on the actions taken by S&P last year, has recently upgraded our issuer rating to Baa2 from Baa3. Turning to Slide 3. This quarter we reached milestones that further reduce the risk in our merchant power business. The sale of FitzPatrick to Exelon Generation marks the culmination of months of preparation by employees from both companies to ensure a seamless transfer of the plant and its approximately 600 employees. And more importantly, FitzPatrick will continue to generate carbon-free electricity for more than 800,000 homes and businesses in its region. The FitzPatrick transaction is another important achievement in our plan to orderly wind down of EWC. We'll manage our organization each step of the way so that the level of overhead that remains after we enter merchant nuclear operations in 2021 encompasses only what is reasonable and necessary to operate our business going forward. At Indian Point, we're working toward license renewal with the NRC and we're meeting all critical milestones outlined in the terms of our settlement with New York. Specifically, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation has issued a final water quality certificate and final water discharge permit. New York State and Riverkeeper have withdrawn their remaining contentions before the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board and the board has terminated the proceeding. Pursuant to the Coastal Zone Management Act, the New York Department of State has issued its concurrence with our Consistency Certification filing and all pending court litigation related to Indian Point license renewable -- renewal has been dismissed. Let me repeat that. All pending court litigation related to Indian Point license renewal has been dismissed and we expect the license renewal to be issued in 2018. At Vermont Yankee, we filed with the NRC this quarter and with the Vermont Public Service Board last December for approval to transfer the plant, its decommissioning trust and its decommissioning obligation to NorthStar. We've requested the NRC's approval by the end of this year and the Public Service Board's in the first quarter of next year. Finally, at Palisades, the Michigan Public Service Commission has scheduled hearings for June 13 through 16 on Consumer Energy's petition for approval of the early termination of the PPA. The commission is targeting its decision by August 31. As a reminder, Palisades and Pilgrim have begun their final refueling and maintenance outages. In Utility, Parent & Other, we continue to make strides towards delivering on our earnings outlook for 2017 and beyond. After receiving approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission in November, we broke ground on construction of the St. Charles CCGT project which we expect to come online in 2019 as scheduled. We also have applications pending for construction of the Lake Charles CCGT in Louisiana and the Montgomery County Power Station in Texas. Procedural schedules have been set and we expect decisions from regulators in the third and fourth quarters of this year, respectively. In New Orleans, we requested a temporary suspension of the procedural schedule for approval of the New Orleans Power Station. We requested the suspension to accommodate consideration by all the parties of our latest load forecast and the implications, if any, it would have on the project. Last week, we filed a status report with the New Orleans City Council informing the parties that by late June or early July, we expect to make a supplemental and alternative filing that will include a peaking resource with a lower capacity. The filing will also include testimony setting forth a firm commitment for Entergy New Orleans to pursue construction of up to 100 megawatts of renewable resources to serve New Orleans. We plan to continue pursuing certification for the original project, given its many benefits, but will present a smaller resource for alternative consideration by the City Council. Today, I am pleased to announce that Entergy Louisiana recently signed a purchase and sale agreement with Calpine Corporation for the acquisition of a peaking plant. Calpine will construct the plant which will consist of 2 natural gas-fired combustion turbine units with a total nominal capacity of approximately 360 megawatts. The plant, named the Washington Parish Energy Center, will be located in Bogalusa, Louisiana and is expected to be completed in 2021. This agreement is another step in our broader portfolio transformation efforts to replace aging units with cleaner and more efficient generation for the benefit of our customers. We also are making progress towards the deployment of our advanced meters in our service territory. Our advanced metering infrastructure project and associated regulatory approval remain on schedule. Working with vendors, we're in the early stages of implementing the IT infrastructure needed to support meter deployment and developing the logistical plan for that deployment. Regulatory filings were made in 2016 in 4 jurisdictions. Procedural schedules are now set and hearings are scheduled for the third quarter of this year. In Texas, legislation was introduced in the current session to clarify the applicability of existing advanced meter regulation to Entergy Texas. We expect to file our deployment plan with the PUCT by the fourth quarter. Following regulatory decisions and initial implementation of the communications network starting in 2018, we anticipate initiating meter deployment in 2019. Finally, Mississippi welcomed the news of Grand Gulf's 20-year license renewal with numerous local and state officials recognizing Grand Gulf's strong community support and the plant's positive impact to the state and local economy. In March, celebratory events were held which Governor Bryant presented to support a proclamation declaring March 6, 2017, as Grand Gulf's Day. On the regulatory front, with progressive constructs in most of our jurisdictions, we're carrying out our rhythm of annual formula rate plan filings and other riders. EMI continues to utilize its formula rate plan with forward-looking features and made its annual filing on March 15. The filing reflects no changes in rates with an earned ROE of 9.72% within the allowed range. The final order on that filing is expected before the end of the second quarter. In March, the Texas Commission approved a $19 million annual increase to ETI's transmission cost recovery factor. The settlement reflects $286 million in incremental transmission investment since ETI's last rate case proceeding. Use of this rider, along with the distribution cost recovery factor, provides greater financial flexibility to support the needs of customers in Texas. Our core values resonate in the ways we support our communities. The success of our business is dependent on making sure that the communities we serve are thriving.  We remain committed to the economic development of our region through our $5 million, 5-year workforce development initiative. In partnership with the Texas Workforce Commission in March, we announced $600,000 in grants to support workforce readiness in Southeast Texas. The grants will support programs at community college and high schools to equip individuals to step into high-demand, good-paying jobs. We also renewed our partnership with Jobs for America's Graduates, with a grant that will help at-risk students in Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi, stay in school and graduate on time. All of these initiatives are focused on creating a competitive advantage for our communities in helping them attract new industry to the area.  We're pleased to have been recognized through several awards for our corporate stewardship and community development. For example, in recognition of our employees' emergency preparedness and response after major events, we received the Edison Electric Institute's Emergency Recovery Award for Outstanding Power Restoration Efforts on behalf of our customers and the Emergency Assistance Award for helping other utility companies recover from Hurricane Matthew. This marks the 19th consecutive year EEI has awarded Entergy a National Storm Restoration Award. Recently, we were also included in Corporate Responsibility Magazine's annual list of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens. This is the eighth time we've been named to this list which recognizes companies taking responsible actions in employee relations, philanthropy and community support, environment and climate change which is a good segue into the administration's recent executive order around promoting energy independence which includes a review of carbon regulation. In light of the order, I will highlight Entergy's position as one of the cleanest generating fleets in the United States. The principal objective of our strategy is to remain an environmentally sustainable fleet for the communities we serve and to continue to prepare that company for operations under any type of carbon emission costs that may accrue in the future. According to the 2016 Benchmarking Air Emissions Report authored by MG Bradley and Associates, Entergy produces fewer CO2 emissions per megawatt hour than 78 of the top 100 power producers. Our emissions rates for 2015 and 2016 across our entire fleet were 540 and 590 pounds per megawatt hour, respectively. This is well below the 1,000 pounds per megawatt hour standard issued by the Environmental Protection Agency in previous administration for a new highly efficient combined cycle natural gas unit. Thus, we consider our environmental strategy to be aligned both with global ambitions for transition to a low carbon economy and with our commitment to provide reliable low-cost electricity to our customers. Preparation for this transition began when we -- we're the first U.S. utility to commit voluntarily to stabilizing CO2 emissions in 2001. 10 years later, our commitment went beyond merely stabilizing CO2 emissions. In 2011, our Environment 2020 Commitment included a voluntary pledge that through the year 2020, we would maintain our carbon dioxide emissions at 20% below year 2011. I'm pleased to report that we're meeting our commitments. And in 2016, our CO2 emissions were approximately 20% below our Year 2000 emissions. Due to the challenging economics of relying on renewable resources in our geographic footprint, we're meeting our goals through a combination of methods. For example, we're replacing older, less efficient legacy units with cleaner, more efficient resources. Highly efficient combined cycle power stations, such as St. Charles, Lake Charles, Montgomery County, will produce up to 40% fewer carbon emissions and improve our average fleet efficiency by roughly 800 BTUs per kilowatt hour. Nuclear generation is also an important source of clean, reliable baseload power. Prudently investing to preserve these valuable resources for our stakeholders is an important part of our strategy. Our planned investments in new technologies to modernize our grids, such as advanced meters, will further improve efficiency and reliability. On top of that, we're actively working to deploy and incorporate cost-effective opportunities to expand our user renewables, including distributed energy resources. These will allow us to improve supply reliability and control costs for our customers and to further reduce greenhouse gas emissions as the economics, performance and reliability of these sources -- resources continue to improve. We're committed to working with our regulators, customers and other stakeholders to consider all proven technologies. We provide additional information about these efforts in our standard reporting, including in this year's integrated report which is available on our website. While it is too early to comment on the specific impacts of the recent executive order, we remain committed to developing an electric generating and delivery system that is well-positioned for operations in a carbon constrained economy, whatever that may look like. I am pleased with all that we have achieved to date in 2017 and I see great things for Entergy this year and beyond. With critical decisions behind us, we now have good clarity on the plan we need to execute to achieve our results for the next 5 years. We now know the timing and the sequencing of the wind down of our merchant operations. We have time to manage the overhead costs associated with the exit from that business and we have a firm goal to minimize overall cash flow impacts. At the utility, we've identified the projects that we need to support our goals in that business. And we have the regulatory constructs and relationships in place to facilitate the growth of our core business through these infrastructure investments for the benefit of our customers. And while we recognize there is still much to do, our accomplishments so far are a confirmation that we have the right strategy, leadership and workforce to deliver on our operational plan and financial outlooks. Now before I close, I'd like to recognize the very valued and significant contributions of Theo Bunting, who is on his last earnings call with us before he officially retires. He has been an incredible leader, mentor and colleague at Entergy for nearly 34 years. His deep knowledge and experience in both the industry and the business have been key to our success today. Personally, I've worked with Theo almost everyday since I came to Entergy 18 years ago. While it goes without saying that his knowledge and counsel have been invaluable, I cannot imagine where I or any of the rest of us would be without his support and friendship. My appreciation for all he has done for me and for Entergy is only matched by my best wishes for his health and happiness as he and Tony enter the next chapter of their lives. And now I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo said, we continue to execute on our strategy and we're on track to achieve our 2017 guidance. Let's get straight to the first quarter numbers starting with Slide 4. On the left, Entergy's as-reported earnings of $0.46 included special items related to decisions to sell or close EWC's nuclear plants, including the sale of FitzPatrick. These special items reduced earnings by $0.53. On an operational view, our consolidated earnings were $0.99 per share. This compares to $1.35 a year ago.  Utility, Parent & Other results are summarized on Slide 5. Operational earnings were $0.62 and adjusted earnings were $0.83. Weather is estimated to have reduced operational earnings by $0.16. Adjusted earnings were $0.12 lower than the first quarter 2016. This result is in line with our expectations. Although residential and commercial sales were below our plan, our new -- our nonfuel O&M was also lower. Net revenue was higher from new rates to recover productive investments which benefit customers.  Over the past 12 months, we've had a number of rate actions across utility, operating companies, from rate cases, FRPs and riders, including for last year's Union acquisition. One that became effective this year was Entergy Arkansas 2017 test year FRP rate change. Despite a steady growth in customer count, we experienced a decline in combined residential and commercial sales of 3.1% on a weather-adjusted basis. One factor was that last year was a leap year which means we had an extra billing day in 2016 and that accounts for about 1/3 of the change. In addition, our service territory experienced the mildest first quarter in over 120 years of recorded temperature history. During periods of abnormal weather conditions, such as this, it can be difficult to capture the effect of weather on residential and commercial sales. Looking on a longer term basis, the 12 months ending residential and commercial sales declined about 1%. While we're closely monitoring customer usage going forward, it is worth noting that the projects that we have identified in our capital plan are driven by customer reliability and aging infrastructure replacement needs and not by occasionally volatile quarterly sales. In the Industrial segment, sales growth was positive as continued growth from new and expansion customers was somewhat offset by lower sales to existing customers. For new and expansion customers, growth came from the primary metals, industrial gases and chloro-alkali segments. The decline in sales to existing customers was driven by refinery outages. This is consistent with our expectations as I noted on our last quarterly call. The refiners are starting to come out of their outages now. Crack spreads are currently high and we expect these customers to run strong in the second half of this year. Nonfuel O&M increased $0.20, quarter-over quarter. There were several drivers, including a beneficial cost deferral recorded last year in connection with the EAI rate case order which reduced 2016 O&M by about $0.06. Nonnuclear generation expenses were higher, primarily due to a full quarter of Union costs. Nuclear operations spending also increased as expected, while spending in support of ANO inspection activities was lower. Turning to EWC's first quarter results, summarized on Slide 6, operational earnings were $0.37 from the current quarter, $0.14 lower than the prior year. FitzPatrick accounted for $0.06 of the $0.14 decline. Excluding FitzPatrick, the other key driver was net revenue, due primarily to lower prices. The price variances partially offset by lower fuel expense attributable to impairments. As you know, Indian Point Unit 3 is in the midst of its refueling and maintenance outage which includes a baffle bolt inspection. We will replace 270 bolts. That work is underway and we expect the plant to be back online by the end of May. Slide 7 shows operating cash flow this quarter of $529 million, essentially flat to first quarter of 2016. Reduced cash flow from the timing of recovery for fuel and purchased power at the utility and lower operational net revenue at EWC were largely offset by project cash flow from income taxes and reduced spending of Vermont Yankee decommissioning. Today, we're reaffirming our 2017 earnings guidance ranges which are summarized on Slide 8. We continue to expect Utility, Parent & Other adjusted EPS to come in around the midpoint of our range. Even though first quarter weather-adjusted residential commercial sales were lower than planned, nonfuel O&M is tracking favorable to our guidance assumption due to effective cost management. For our consolidated guidance, the negative weather to date has caused us to move below midpoint expectations, but it's still early in the year and weather could turn around over the remainder of the year. There are other risks and opportunities that could apply to both Utility, Parent & Other as well as Entergy overall, such as keeping more of the O&M benefits in the first quarter and capturing additional nuclear decommissioning trust benefits as we rebalance the portfolio due to the equity market rally. Separately which we mentioned on our last quarterly call, it's a potential for an income tax item at EWC, possibly as early as the second quarter of this year. If that does materialize at the magnitude similar to or slightly larger than last year, we will shift our consolidated operational guidance accordingly, but would not change our adjusted UPO guidance. Moving to the longer term view. Slide 9 shows our adjusted UP&O outlook which is unchanged. We're also updating our EWC EBITDA outlook on Slide 10. We still see the free cash flow out of that business as relatively neutral through 2021, excluding any potential contributions to decommissioning trust. And our goal to get to completely cash neutral remains achievable. Although it is a separate analysis, we submitted the most recent NRC financial assurance filings on March 31 which indicated that no NDTs had a deficit. Summaries of these filings are included in the appendix of our webcast presentation. Our cash and credit metrics are shown on Slide 11. As you can see, parent debt to total debt is higher than our targeted range. We expect this to turn around in the year near the top of our target range or about 20%. Looking further out, we still expect the parent debt ratio decline to the 22% to 23% range in 2019. This is consistent with our estimates last fall. We continue to look for opportunities to become more efficient with our capital and O&M spending. In January, Moody's upgraded Entergy Mississippi to A2 to recognize improvements in the company's formula rate plan and expectations for improved cash flow metrics. As Leo mentioned, earlier this month, Moody's upgraded Entergy Corporation's issuer rating to be Baa2, matching our upgrade to BBB+ for Standard & Poor's last summer. Both actions are the result of our efforts to improve our business risk profile by focusing on our core Utility business and winding down our merchant business. As a reminder, we remain on positive outlook from Standard & Poor's from earlier this year. Our strategy to achieve the goals laid out for each of our 4 stakeholders remains the same as we focus on steady predicable earnings and dividend growth from our core Utility business. Meanwhile, we're continuing to manage risks throughout the company, including the orderly wind down of our merchant business.  And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: Drew, in your comments, you mentioned that there's the leap day in the first quarter as well as the extreme weather which impact normalization calculations on year-end. But at this time, can you say that your full year 2017 normalized guidance is still appropriate? And secondarily, when you look across the different new projects that you're working on in terms of utility generation, is there any other pushback in terms of the need for those plants, like you've seen so far in New Orleans?
Andrew Marsh: All right, this is Drew. I'll take the first one and then I'll hand over the second part of that question to Rod. So at this point, obviously, if nothing changes, we haven't updated our expectations for second, third and fourth quarter to be higher than what we anticipated at the beginning of the year. So all else being equal, we would be probably slightly below where we initially anticipated the year. But it's still early in the year. So I think, it's still premature for us to make any changes as to what our expectations would be for the full year. And I'll turn the rest over to Rod.
Roderick West: As it relates to the rest of the supply plan, keep in mind that the rationale behind the supply plan was not primarily driven by point of view on load in New Orleans, for instance. Out of a sense of transparency, we actually brought the change in our 30-year load forecast to the attention of the stakeholders, again just to be transparent, but the rationale behind the investment is still very much intact. We've not seen across the jurisdictions any response or opposition to our plants, based solely on the load or sales forecast. Keep in mind that the load is different from the sales forecast. And I think that's a distinction we need to keep in mind as well as we look at the rest of our generation portfolio. But the answer to your question is, we're still -- we have not seen any additional pushback throughout the rest of the jurisdictions.
Leo Denault: And Chris, this is Leo. I'll just jump in as well from a strategy standpoint. As Rod mentioned, we've got an aging infrastructure in terms of our fleet and locational issues as it relates to what we need to build from a generation standpoint. New Orleans, for example, there is no generation inside the city of New Orleans and part of the need for that, in addition to meeting peak demand, is to be able to supply the system, should we have some sort of storms that comes through and knocks out transmission infrastructure which has happened in the past. So that's a locational issue, same with some of the other plants. We've got the need because of the fact that we went into all of these transformation short to begin with. But add to that, the first quarter weather just in sales, is just an anomaly. As you know, weather normalization and these things are really mathematical algorithms that work well in most cases. But I think, Drew mentioned that this was the most mild winter in terms of degree days in the history of recording degree days, 120 years or something like that. So that's really not cause for any kind of an alarm in terms of what's going on long term.
Christopher Turnure: And then switching gears to EWC. I think on the last call you commented on cash flow being pretty negative this year because of some outages and then slowly getting better into the early part of next decade when Indian Point shuts down. Can you just give us your latest thoughts there? And in particular, I'm interested if there's been any advancements with your potential offsetting cost cuts to some of that cash outflow?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. In terms of the overall forecast at this point, Chris, I think, it's essentially the same as it was before. We still have all of the outages this year. And so that's pretty expensive, but we're anticipating pretty strong cash flow generation through the next periods primarily because we won't be paying for another refueling outage at each of the plants, well I should say, Pilgrim and Palisades. We will be doing one more at Indian Point for each of those units and then those 2 units would have better cash flow generation as they ramp down in -- into 2021.  So from an overall cash flow perspective, at this point, it's still about the same. But in regards to I guess, your second question, are we making any progress? I would say, absolutely. Internally, we've been scrubbing the numbers down hard. And so we would hope to show you some specific progress over the balance of the year to demonstrate that we're closing that gap and meeting that objective that Leo talked about in his script of getting to cash flow neutral. Cash flow -- let me just clarify, cash flow neutral overall. I think from an operational cash flow perspective, we're already at neutral. It's just the NDTs that we're working on. And in addition to the operational piece, we're also working on transactions there as well.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. So that cash flow neutral number is all in, including the decommissioning trusts over the 5 or 6-year period?
Andrew Marsh: Yes. Our goal is 0, including the decommissioning trust through 2021. Right now, our forecast has essentially 0, operationally not including the trust, over that same time frame.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: So I was going to ask about sales, but I think that got covered. Maybe I could ask on -- can we get an update on the Nuclear Sustainability Plan, both progress on metrics and also just maybe a reminder of where you are on moving towards getting some of this relevant to rates?
Leo Denault: Well, I'll let Chris give you the first part and then Rod will take the second.
Christopher Bakken: In terms of the Nuclear Sustainability Plan, we remain on track working and continuing to make improvements in the performance of our fleet and improve our regulatory margins. So I would characterize this straightforward as on track.
Roderick West: Jonathan, it's Rod. In terms of the timing, we expect to make a filing on this coming Friday, day after tomorrow, with the APSC seeking -- formally seeking to reconcile the nuclear cost adjudication with our formula rate plan filing in July, so we can handle the nuclear cost conversation in conjunction with the FRP. And nothing has changed in terms of our point of view on the recoverability of those costs. We think the facts support the finding that the costs we're seeking recovery are consistent with what you've heard over the last several quarters with Chris. And Leo made a reference to it, the costs associated with people with improving the equipment and the plant to preserve those assets and the benefits for customers and so we feel comfortable that the evidence will support the finding of continued recovery, not just of the costs that are in question for purposes of the 2016 or 2017 forward test year, but the actual 2018 forward-looking test year that we'll file in July. So no change there and again, a consistent message around what we're seeking recovery off. I will note that the cost associated with the FRP filing and what we expect to file on overall nuclear costs in July do not include costs associated with regulatory oversight or state or things of that nature. So it's pretty much a clean nuclear cost, cost to run and operate the plant through beyond the expected life of those assets.
Jonathan Arnold: And the outstanding issue from the '17 Arkansas FRP is still sort of pending as scheduled, is that correct?
Roderick West: That's what I was referring to when I said we'll make a filing on Friday to join or conjoin those issues from a timing standpoint at Arkansas. So the outstanding issue that you made reference to, that's what -- that's the subject of the filing we'll make on Friday. We will formally ask the APSC, let's handle it all in conjunction with the planned FRP filing in July.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, so take it out of the old one and put it into the new one effectively.
Leo Denault: I think, that's fair.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So quick first question on the Utility side. Obviously, AMI is the big program, you guys repping up here for. Can you discuss a little bit of the precedents in Louisiana and Arkansas with respect to perhaps peers and just some of the nuance you might expect as you move through the process there? And then I suppose specifically, on Texas, obviously, it seems that you guys are looking to file later this year, any reason for kind of the shifted schedule? And what potential size of the program that might be? And the further detail would be just is that already encompassed within your CapEx program?
Leo Denault: I want to make sure that I'm ideal with the question in order and you may have to reask the last part. On AMI, we have filed for -- we made the AMI filings in every jurisdiction except for Texas and we're trying to address some legislative prerequisite, so we can do that, do Texas as well. And we expect resolution of the formal AMI filings by year-end. In terms of precedent with other jurisdictions, I think, the timing of both the conditions, precedent to deployment, that is the deployment of workforce management system to asset management systems and the actual timeline of our '19 deployment comes from experiences we've gathered, lessons learned from other jurisdictions, who have gone down this path before. And the message that's consistent across each of our filings and jurisdictions is that our objective is to have the benefits to our customers of AMI deployment be available to them, in addition to our benefits at the time we put those assets into service. And so that affects our plan regarding the timing of deployment. And again, that message is consistent across the rest of the jurisdictions. The third question, I didn't -- I need you to repeat, so I'll make sure I'm answering it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : The last one's is an easy one. With respect to Texas, obviously, you haven't formally filed, but have you baked into your expectations and CapEx something in there for when you do likely eventually file?
Leo Denault: Yes. Our plan includes -- the capital plan includes the Texas AMI filing as well. The threshold issue for us was making sure we had legislative and regulatory mechanisms in approval set up. And so we had to take care of that with the legislative session. We've had some support on the Senate side of the Texas Legislature. We're waiting word on the House legislation that would authorize us and PUCT to go down that path. But the answer to your question is yes.
Andrew Marsh: And let me just give one point of clarity on that. So our capital plan, Julien, is true -- through '19 mostly includes corporate-wide efforts, communications, IT platforms, that kind of thing that would support the scaling of Texas when it comes in. And beyond our capital plan would be maybe more Texas-specific meter deployment and stuff like that, that would be -- still maybe starting in '19, but certainly going into '20 and '21.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just a quick clarification on the prior. You were talking about a cash flow as a sort of breakeven target for the business overall or the EWC side. Can you just elaborate a little bit on what you expect the ongoing impact to operational earnings are? Can you remind us how you're thinking about that through the period and specifically, in the later years, how we should think about operational versus nonoperational items on earnings?
Andrew Marsh: You're talking about '17 through '21?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes or specifically, kind of like an ongoing. I understand that obviously...
Andrew Marsh: On an ongoing -- yes, on an ongoing basis, once we get the plants to shut down status and removed in the decommissioning activities or the plants have been taken off our balance sheet, like the VY type transaction, we would expect to be essentially flat at EWC. A part of that is -- next year, there is an accounting rule change that we anticipate around how you account for new decommissioning trust earnings. And that would give us an opportunity to not just realize gains that -- we've had realized gains show up on our income statement, but actually mark-to-market the growth and the trust over time on the equity side. And the effect is going -- we typically see about 6 1/4% of returns in the decommissioning trust, but you only recognize the income statement about 3%. And when you kind of closed that gap, it starts to close the gap to the ARO liability, the asset retirement obligation liability that's out there and the amortization of that. So once you get out to 2022, it's about flat.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, so to be clear, it's effectively 0 for the cumulative cash flow and flat on an earnings basis?
Andrew Marsh: Beyond 2022 -- starting 2022 and beyond, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I hate to do this, I kind of want to come back to the demand question. Can you remind me for residential and small commercial demand, what is the end year 2017 guidance and your multi-year guidance in terms of the assumption for just kind of weather normal growth there?
Leo Denault: I'm sorry, Michael, could you repeat that question?
Michael Lapides: Sure, what's in your 2017 guidance and your multi-year guidance for weather normalized growth for residential and small commercial?
Leo Denault: For residential and small commercial, it's about almost 0. In fact, I think, if you -- we only put out to 2017, but if you went out to 2020, 2021, it's actually slightly negative. As you see, automated meters coming online and customers realize the benefits associated to that. One of the benefits is lower expected demand. And so we actually see negative growth over sort of a 5-year period.
Michael Lapides: And when we think about industrial demand growth because your forecast is pretty robust, 3%. There's a lot going on, obviously, in East Texas and in Louisiana with the petchem industries. But just curious how sensitive your supply needs are that kind of like every percent change in that, meaning if it turns out to be, I don't know, closer to what you've seen more recently, closer to 2% or even a little less than that, does that significantly influence how much new capacity you need to build or buy?
Roderick West: Michael, this is Rod. I think I want to reiterate here that the driver behind our capacity needs is not so much driven by assumptions around low growth, although its precedented and that low growth certainly helps offset the impact of those capital additions on customer rates. The driver -- the primary driver locationally might be around the specific needs of industrial siting in the region, but it's really around modernizing the grid and fleet and responding to retirements of aging assets. And that represents the lion share of the generation in transmission investment in the region driven less so by assumptions on overall industrial load.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew, let me just add. We do still see positive industrial growth out through our forecast period and beyond. And a lot of that industrial growth is based upon projects that we see coming up and under construction right now over the next few years. And we've actually seen a bit of a pickup recently here on some of the petrochem, chemical industries and other things getting to their financial decision points on whether they're going to go forward with the projects. So we're still seeing good positive demand growth in the industrial space and that is offsetting the residential and commercial fees that we're talking about earlier. So even though that part looks like it's kind of flat over the next few years, we do still see overall expected growth in our business.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And finally, on Indian Point. When does the state need to tell you guys whether they could potentially need Indian Point past the 2020, '21 retirement date? Meaning, I know the original agreement left the room for the plant to operate through about '24 -- 2024, 2025. But a lot of that is kind of based on the ISOs and the state's potential views on whether it needs it or not. When do they need to tell you guys? When do you need to know?
Andrew Marsh: Michael, this is Drew. We have to make a filing with New York, a formal filing with the ISO. And that will allow them to make the assessment about Indian Point and when it's going away and how they would deal with that. We were working with the ISO. We expect to make that filing later this year. And once we do make that filing, I think, there's a statutory 90-day timeline associated with the analysis that they would do and come up with a formal recommendation. But certainly, they are aware of it and -- but that process will get kicked off later this year.
Michael Lapides: Okay. And if the ISO comes back and says, "hey, actually for local reliability purposes, we need one or both of the units beyond 2020, 2021," what happens?
Andrew Marsh: Okay. Well, first of all, if they said that there was a challenge that they needed to solve. If there was some operational system issue that they would need to solve, they would need to go through a process that would identify the best way for them to solve it and it wouldn't necessarily mean keeping Indian Point online. It could mean we need to upgrade a transmission line or we need to get a peaker in at some place or something like that. So depending on the nature of the issue they identify, there could be a lot of potential solutions and their objective will be to go find the most economic one that solves their problem. If for some reason, nothing else matters until you get down to Indian Point, well then we would need to work with the State to figure out how we would move towards something different besides 2020 and 2021. So it's not unilateral. If they can't tell us to do it, they have to work with us on it, but certainly we don't want to create a reliability problem in the State of New York, either. So we would work with them on that. But it seems unlikely to us that it would get to the point where they would need Indian Point to stay online at this point. It seems likely to us that they're going to find a different solution that will be more economic than keeping the plant online.
Operator: The next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shahriar Pourreza: When we've discussed in the past, I think we've talked about sort of the Arkansas prudency review, a separate procedural schedule, but now it's sort of looks like it's going to be rolled into a larger one. Is that -- any signal on why that wasn't separated? Is there a function of the fact that the original prudency review was small and it made sense to roll it into a joint proceeding? Just a little bit of clarity there would help.
Roderick West: Sure, it's Rod. I think, think about it as a nature of the cost. We've maintained all along that one, we weren't seeking separate recovery mechanism for recovery of the nuclear costs because those costs were consistent with our objective to maintain those assets and the benefits that accrue to customers. And so as we think about what's going -- what was going to happen in July, anyway, with the formula rate plan filing and our forward-looking test year, it made sense for us to -- from our vantage point, given that the APSC had not set a separate docket procedural schedule to go ahead and address it all in conjunction with the FRP, so neither we nor the APSC had to deal with essentially ongoing normalized nuclear spend in 2 separate dockets with nuclear and the rest of ANO. And so it simply made sense to us. And because of the ex parte rules, we weren't allowed to really have conversations with the commission. And so on Friday, we'll look to affirm and clarify their point of view that it makes sense to handle them both at the same time.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just on sort of the pending -- sorry, if I missed this, but on the decommissioning expense, the activities, the sale potential for Pilgrim and Palisades. Is there sort of any update there? And eventually could we see the same process with Indian Point?
Andrew Marsh: It's Drew, Shar. Yes. So we're continuing to make progress on this. These are pretty complicated transactions. We're working through the Vermont Yankee one right now at the Public Service Board in Vermont. And it is the first of a kind process and it's very complicated and they are taking their time. They are very active in engaging process, so we're answering all their questions and expect to get through that sometime in early '18. That's sort of setting the table for Pilgrim and Palisades and we're certainly learning from Vermont Yankee as we go along. But we're making progress to introduce 2 plants instead of 1, hopefully by the end of the year or around there, get to a point where we're ready to bring a transaction forward and that satisfies all the stakeholders. And then in Indian Point, I was going to add that we're definitely planning on looking at something similar for Indian Point once we get down the road a little further.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just your cash flow picture, assuming you exit all of the decommissioning activities, are you still neutral? Or is there an opportunity to be slightly positive?
Andrew Marsh: There could be an opportunity to be slightly positive. The objective of getting to cash flow neutral includes operational elements, while we're still operating and includes some of these transactions. So if we were -- if we hit a home run, we could certainly get to positive over the -- through 2021, over the 4-plus year period.
Shahriar Pourreza: And Theo, congrats on the retirement, even though I think you're too young to retire, congrats.
Theodore Bunting: Thank you.
Leo Denault: He's heard that a couple of times.
Operator: Our next question comes from Praful Mehta from Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: Just a quick question going back to the decommissioning part. It sounds like in the base case plan, there is some funding required for decommissioning which you're trying to work on with [indiscernible] on cost savings. Just firstly, I wanted to figure out what's driving that? And secondly, what's the variability around it? And site-specific review is going to potentially increase that or decrease that? And Drew, you mentioned just hitting the home run. What are the variables that could allow you to hit that home run, I guess?
Andrew Marsh: Well, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we have our quarterly or I guess annual testing on the -- for the NRC minimums for the decommissioning trusts. And we passed all of those that we submitted in March, without having to post any additional information. It is when we get to the actual shutdown analysis which is the very detailed decommissioning estimates and they call it as the post-shutdown decommissioning activities report. We had to file that with the NRC within a certain amount of time after we actually shutdown the plant. When we do that, that's actually a little different than the NRC minimums. The NRC minimums are somewhat formulaic. So with all the extra detail and the studies that we've done, we expect that there could be the potential to put in a little bit more money at a couple of plants and we're working through that right now.  We have our own estimates. We're working through the estimates that our potential counterparties may have and the potential sale of those trust to them. And so that's a commercial negotiation and is ongoing, but that's where the potential benefit could be. But there is also still significant potential benefits in the operating piece before we get to actual shutdown of the plants.
Praful Mehta: And then secondly, on the potential tax rate decrease. And if there is, let's say, a tax rate decrease, 15% or 20%, whatever it gets to, assuming no other tax reform, just the tax rate decrease, what does that mean in terms of -- is there any change in like a capital allocation plan or a financing plan for Entergy? Or is the current business plan really business as usual? And any benefits or impacts you've already talked about kind of stay in place?
Andrew Marsh: You're talking about tax reform administration from -- at the federal level?
Praful Mehta: Yes. That's right.
Andrew Marsh: Okay. Yes. In the near term, we wouldn't anticipate any significant changes. We're in an NOL position and so whether or not we're paying taxes -- we're not going to be paying taxes a whole lot in the near term under the current tax regime and we wouldn't anticipate paying taxes a whole lot in -- under a tax reform scenario. So our capital plan should be about the same either way. We will, obviously, work closely with our retail regulators to get whatever affects are into rates. And then at the parent level, since we also have the NOL there, the fact -- not the fact, the possibility, I should say, that we lose an interest deduction or there's a lower tax rate, both of which would affect the parent negatively because of the losses there. But from an earnings perspective, they wouldn't necessarily affect it from a cash flow perspective. And so we wouldn't anticipate changing our capital structure as a result of tax reform anytime near term or for the -- I should say, for the foreseeable future.
Praful Mehta : So the parent debt to consolidated debt targets would remain about the same, in respect to the tax reform?
Andrew Marsh: That's what we're anticipating.
Operator: Our last question comes from Charles Fishman with MorningStar.
Charles Fishman: Drew, let me ask that question a little different way. You put up a slide last quarter on your preliminary thoughts on tax reform. Is there anything you've heard since then that would make you change anything on that slide?
Andrew Marsh: No, Charles. Nothing yet. As you know, there hasn't been anything really definitive that has come out of D.C. as of yet. Perhaps today, we'll get some information from the administration about where they intend to go, but we had certainly been participating in EEI activities up on the Hill. Leo's been up there, I've been up there, our tax team has been up there, our regulatory folks had been up there to try and discuss the impact on utility customers primarily and what they mean and the impact on our ability to rate capital on the cost of capital, primarily. So we spent a lot of time up there, but we haven't garnered any additional intelligence because there hasn't been anything to discuss, really, as of yet. So we're still discussing the same kind of frameworks that we had a quarter ago.
Leo Denault: The only thing that I'd like to add and I know we're running up against the time here, but from the standpoint of where we sit, all the questions that you all had are really, really good and helpful for us to make sure we know which to focus on. But I just want to kind of end where I started and that is from a strategic perspective, everything that we're doing is right on track with what we've laid out over the last couple of years. From an operational perspective, across the entire business, everything is right on track in terms of what we've laid out over the last couple of years. And then from a financial perspective, everything that we're -- have achieved and the things that we see in our outlooks are right on track with what we've laid out over the course of the last years -- a couple of years. So from the standpoint of where we sit, right here today, we're still very excited about the opportunities in front of us. The capital plan we have is solid, the regulatory structures we have around it give us the flexibility to benefit our customers through those investments and most of what we're doing on the -- certainly, everything we're doing on the capital side and investment has been done elsewhere within and outside of our jurisdictions, both from a regulatory and operationally and a technological standpoint. So we feel really good about where we sit and everything's right on track.
David Borde: Great. Thank you. And thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for safe harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our annual report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on May 10 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. And please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. And that concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - VP, IR  Leo Denault - Chairman and CEO Drew Marsh - CFO Bill Mohl - President, Wholesale Commodities
Analysts: Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Praful Mehta - Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to Entergy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Teleconference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Borde, VP, Investor Relations. Please begin.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO Leo Denault and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the earnings release, the slide presentation and the Company's SEC filings. Entergy does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. Today we're reporting final results for 2016, a pivotal year for our Company, a year in which our objectives were ambitious and our execution was on the mark. We delivered on our commitment to grow our core business and our utility, parent and other adjusted earnings reflected over 40% growth year over year. These financial results are the outcome of exceptional performance and have positioned us to achieve our financial outlooks in the coming years and to deliver steady, predictable growth in earnings, as well as our dividend. We raised our dividend for the second consecutive year, a trend we expect to continue subject as always to Board approval. And finally, with the Indian Point announcement last month, we completed our plan to exit the merchant power business and transition to a pure play utility. Our results today are the outcome of the disciplined execution of our strategy for the past few years, a strategy intended to fundamentally reposition our Company on a steady, predictable earnings trajectory. And today we're initiating guidance for 2017. We're also affirming our three-year utility parent and other adjusted earnings outlook, targeting a 5% to 7% growth rate, acknowledging that some years may be above or below that range. This morning, I will provide more detail about our longer term initiatives and the progress we made toward them in 2016, as well as our plans for the future. As I mentioned at the outset, 2016 marked a critical milestone in our exit from EWC and the risk associated with the merchant power business. We have finalized plans to sell or shut down all remaining nuclear plants in the EWC portfolio through a deliberate, planned and orderly process to cease all merchant nuclear operations by 2021, effectively exiting the merchant space. We began this process with the shutdown of Vermont Yankee at the end of 2014, followed by the sale of EWC's Rhode Island CCGT in 2015. In 2016 we sold EWC's interest in the wind assets in Iowa and Texas. The proposed sale of FitzPatrick to Exelon is on track to close in 2017. In 2018 we expect to close Palisades followed by Pilgrim in 2019. And finally, in 2020 and 2021, we will close Indian Point Units 2 and 3. This orderlywind down of EWC will provide us sufficient time to look for ways to integrate employees into other areas of the business and right-size our corporate organizations. With a sustained low wholesale energy price environment and increased operating costs, exiting our merchant power business is a sound, strategic decision. Looking back at some of our more significant announcements this year, we reached an agreement in August with the state of New York and Exelon for the sale of FitzPatrick. In January, the NRC approved the transfer to Entergy of the decommissioning trusts for both FitzPatrick and Indian Point Unit 3 and we remain on track to close the transaction in the first half of this year. For Palisades, we reached an agreement in December with CMS Energy on early termination of the long term purchase power agreement subject to approval from the Michigan PSC. We plan to shut down that plant in 2018. And as you are aware last month, we announced the planned shutdown of the two operating units at Indian Point in 2020 and 2021. The shutdown is part of a settlement under which New York will drop legal challenges and support the renewal of the NRC operating licenses for Indian Point. The plan will run for seven more years, allowing time for the New York ISO to replace this key generating resource which currently provides roughly 25% of the electricity for New York City and the Hudson Valley. We appreciate the commitment to safety and operational excellence of the nearly 1000 employees at Indian Point. They have enabled the site to run at greater than 90% capacity factors under Entergy's ownership compared to roughly 60% under its previous owners. The NRC has placed both units in its top regulatory column for safety. Our plans to mitigate the risk of our merchant business extend beyond operational risk. We reached an agreement this past November to transfer Vermont Yankee's decommissioning liability and trust funds to NorthStar, conditioned on regulatory approval by the NRC and the Vermont Public Service Board. This transaction will eliminate the residual risk from decommissioning and is targeted to close in December of 2018. There are many advantages to this kind of transaction and we view this as a model to pursue for future risk reduction as we move forward with the shutdown of the remaining nuclear plants. Finally, I would note that the decision to close our merchant nuclear plants was a difficult one. We cannot overlook the impact these shutdowns will have on the lives of our employees and the communities they serve. Despite these challenging circumstances, our employees remain dedicated to the safe operation of these plants through shutdown and I thank them for their ongoing hard work and professionalism. Our decisions were driven by adverse economics and are not a reflection in any way of the quality of our work force. The Company remains committed to supporting them as they manage this difficult transition. With the orderly winddown of our merchant business underway, I will now talk about our strategies to grow the utility for the benefit of our customers. Beginning with our generation fleet, we're delivering on our promise of portfolio transformation as part of our ongoing Environment 2020 commitment. Recall that in 2011, we made a voluntary pledge that by 2020 we will maintain our carbon dioxide emissions at 20% below year 2007 levels. We're meeting this goal in part by replacing older, less efficient legacy units with a cleaner, more efficient portfolio. Additionally we had begun to add renewables to our portfolio, along with a greater emphasis on energy efficiency programs, as well as completed upgrades to our nuclear capacity. This transformation began about a decade ago and to date we have deactivated roughly 5100 megawatts of older generations since 2005. Currently over 8000 megawatts of our legacy generation is over 40-years-old. We've added nearly 6000 megawatts of generation through acquisitions, including our most recent acquisition of Union Power Station which received final approval in 2016. We're now transitioning from acquisitions to building new plants, beginning with Ninemile 6 in late 2014. After receiving approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission in November, we're moving forward with the construction of the St. Charles CCGT expected to come online in 2019. We also have applications pending for the construction of the Lake Charles CCGT in Louisiana and the Montgomery County Power Station in Texas, as well as the New Orleans Power Station. All combined, this will represent nearly 4000 megawatts of new generation to replace older, less efficient plants. These plants will improve the reliability of our system, increase our environmental efficiency and reduce costs for our customers by using less fuel and improving our average fleet efficiency by roughly 800 BTUs per kilowatt hour. Additionally, new units will have lower maintenance costs and produce up to 40% fewer carbon emissions. These critical attributes provide significant benefits to our customers and support our environment 2020 commitments. Nuclear generation also continues to be a key component of our cleaner generation portfolio. It's an important source of clean, low-cost, reliable baseload power. These plants provide fuel diversity and reduce fuel price volatility for our customers. Prudently investing to preserve these valuable resources for our stakeholders is an important part of our utility strategy. Our transmission system is critical to deliver -- to the delivery of this newer, cleaner generation and in 2016 we completed projects like upgrading the 230 kv lines from the Ninemile generating facilities for Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans. Transmission is also needed to support economic development by serving new customers. In 2016, we invested in projects like substations to serve new industrial customers, particularly in Arkansas and Louisiana and we're on schedule to deliver the Lake Charles Transmission Project in $160 million investments supporting industrial growth in the region by June of 2018. Finally, our transmission grid is critical for system reliability and efficiency. In 2016, Entergy Texas completed three major projects to comply with NERC reliability standards and reduce congestion in its service territory. We added three new 230 kV lines, as well as a new 230 kV substation which will not only enhance reliability and efficiency but also reduce costs to customers. And there are four large transmission projects underway in Entergy Mississippi which will increase the reliability of the electric systems in Vicksburg, Natchez and Madison areas and provide opportunities for those regions to grow and develop. We continue to work with MISO on future transmission projects. We received final approval in early December from the MISO board for MTEP 2016. MISO approved all 48 of our projects which were remaining for final consideration, totaling roughly $480 million of transmission investment to serve our customers over the next few years. Beyond these traditional generation and transmission investments, we're also looking at the future by modernizing our grid to incorporate technologies to improve efficiency and reliability. In 2016, we started to lay the foundation for our integrated energy network. We have begun the process for our advanced meter infrastructure, the gateway technology that will allow us to be more responsive to emerging issues, reduce outage restoration times and improve system reliability. This technology will also provide timely information to our customers so they can better understand and control their usage. We have now made filings with our regulators in four jurisdictions for approval to implement advanced metering and we expect to file in Texas our final jurisdiction in 2017. We anticipate beginning meter deployment in 2019. Investment in this technology, along with other grid technologies such as meter data management, outage and distribution management and communication network infrastructure are a key focus for us in 2017 and for several years beyond. To that end, we've created a dedicated team to provide constant focus on evaluating and integrating new technologies into our operating model. These include distributed generation, utility and community scale solar, microgrids and battery storage. In 2016, we completed and initiated a number of projects to explore the use of some of these evolving technologies. Our success with all of the utility initiatives I have just mentioned has been facilitated by the work we've done with our regulators to implement progressive regulatory mechanisms. We have come a long way in the past two years. We now have three jurisdictions utilizing Formula Rate Plans with Entergy Mississippi utilizing forward-looking features and Entergy Arkansas having adopted a full forward test year. In December, the Arkansas Public Service Commission approved our first forward test year FRP filing with new rates in effect last month. In Texas, we're now utilizing two writers for more timely recovery of distribution and transmission investments. We have reached a settlement agreement in our most recent transmission cost recovery factor filing and are awaiting final approval from the Commission. Where available, aggressive regulatory frameworks will facilitate investments that enhance the efficiency and reliability of our system to benefit our customers, provide access to capital at a reasonable cost our customers and facilitate infrastructure investment that supports economic development and creates jobs in our regions. We will continue to work with our regulators and others to improve existing constructs to ensure that we have the financial flexibility to execute on capital investments in response to our customers' needs. Our objective in concert with our regulators and other key stakeholders is to assure the access, affordability, reliability and sustainability of the services we provide. Many of you have heard about last week's tornadoes that struck multiple areas across Louisiana, including a confirmed F-3 tornado that touched down in New Orleans East. Supporting our customers and communities in times of need is central to our mission as a Company. Our crews work tirelessly to restore power to thousands of our customers and many of our employees volunteered their time to support recovery efforts. The success of our utility business is dependent on making sure that the communities we serve are thriving. As part of our five-year initiative supporting job-training opportunities, we have begun making grants to promote economic growth and workforce development across our service territory. Through economic development activities such as these, Entergy has contributed to the creations of tens of thousands of new jobs in our region since 2005. We're pleased to have been recognized through several awards in 2016 for our efforts in corporate stewardship and community development. For example, our major upgrade to transmission service in New Orleans was named as a top 10 finalist for Construction Project of the Year by Platts Global Energy Awards, recognizing innovation, leadership and superior performance. Site Selection Magazine named us one of the top 10 utilities in economic development for our integral role in capital investment and job creation in our service territory. And for the 15th consecutive year, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for performance in corporate citizenship and philanthropy, environmental performance, biodiversity and climate strategy. Before I wrap up my remarks this morning, I would like to thank Bill Mohl, who is retiring at the end of this month after more than 35 years in the industry. Throughout his career at Entergy, Bill has led major initiatives which have been key to enabling us to achieve our objectives. His leadership, business perspective and high professional and personal standards are characteristics which have made him an important member of our senior leadership team. More importantly, we will miss having his trusted counsel and friendship as we accomplish the objectives he has helped to shape. We wish him all the best as he moves into this next chapter in his life. As I said at the outset, this year was a pivotal year for our Company, a year in which we fundamentally repositioned our business on a path of steady predictable earnings by growing our core business with our utility, parent and other adjusted earnings increasing by more than 40% year over year and completing our plan to exit the merchant power business and transition to a pure play utility. 2016 was an ambitious year when our results and achievements have made us a stronger company and have set us up for success in the years to come. And now I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo and good morning, everyone. As Leo mentioned, 2016 was a pivotal year for Entergy. We continue to execute on repositioning our Company towards a steady, predictable, earnings and dividend growth trajectory. Today I will discuss how our core utility, parent and other adjusted EPS grew by over 40% in 2016 and I will provide an overview of our guidance for 2017. I will also provide our perspective on EWC going forward and potential tax reform. Now let's jump into 2016. I will start with the key takeaways from fourth quarter consolidated results on slide 5. On the left, Entergy's as reported loss of $9.88 included special items totaling $10.19 related to the decision to sell or close each of EWC's nuclear plants. The majority of that was for previously disclosed impairment charges for Indian Point and Palisades. On an operational view, our consolidated earnings were $0.31 per share in 2016. This compares to $1.58 a year ago. Remember that 2015 results included significant income tax benefits, largely from the business combination of the two Louisiana operating companies. Turning to utility, parent and other on slide 6, operational earnings-per-share decreased $1.07 quarter over quarter. 2015 income tax items net of customer sharing were $1.15 -- excuse me, $1.57. Conversely, weather was favorable in 2016. Adjusted EPS normalized for tax items and weather improved year over year. This was partially due to rate actions to recover investments that benefit customers and improve returns. Specific drivers include Entergy Arkansas's rate case, Union Power Station acquisition, Entergy Mississippi's Formula Rate Plan and Entergy Texas transmission cost recovery writer. Results also included lower write-offs and reserves related to regulatory proceedings. We reported an $0.08 charge in the fourth quarter of 2016 related to the Waterford 3 steam generator replacement project which I noted last quarter is something we were monitoring. Billed retail sales on a weather adjusted view increased 0.8%, driven by residential and commercial segments. Industrial sales were slightly positive with expected refining outages offsetting continued growth from new and expansion customers. UPO earnings also reflected higher nonfuel O&M from the aforementioned Union acquisition and nuclear. Turning to EWC's fourth quarter results summarized on slide 7, an operational loss of $0.04 in the most recent quarter was lower than earnings of $0.16 a year ago. Net revenue from nuclear plant declined on lower price and volume. FitzPatrick's generation volume was lower because of its ramp down before its refueling outage. Decommissioning expense was higher due partly to the establishment of decommissioning liabilities for Indian Point 3 and FitzPatrick as a result of our agreement with NIPA to transfer the decommissioning trucks and liabilities to Entergy. On the positive side, DOE litigation awards reduced EWC expenses approximately $0.10 in the quarter. Slide 8 shows operating cash flow in the quarter was approximately $750 million. This quarter was lower than last year, due primarily to deferred fuel timing at the utility. Now I will quickly go through the full-year results summarized on slide 9. Consolidated operation earnings for 2016 were $7.11 per share, higher than the $6 reported in 2015. It was also above our guidance midpoint and better than our expectations in November. Drivers to the change versus our expectations included cost management of utility which we noted as an opportunity last quarter, favorable weather and the DOE awards at EWC. The year-over-year growth in operational EPS was driven by growth in core utility earnings. Both years included income tax items, but the earnings benefit was $0.25 higher in 2016. As shown on slide 10, utility, parent and other adjusted EPS was $4.38 in 2016, slightly higher than the $4.35 guidance midpoint. The approximately 40% increase compared to $3.08 at 2015 was due largely to higher net revenue from the same rate action mentioned in the quarterly drivers, as well as industrial sales growth and lower nonfuel O&M. Slide 11 summarizes EWC operational earnings which increased year over year to $2.01 per share in 2016 from $1.03 per share. Income tax items and reduced operating expenses from 2015 impairments were the main drivers. Expense reductions associated with DOE litigation awards also contributed. 2016 results also reflected lower nuclear revenue from lower average prices and capacity factors. Full-year 2016 operating cash flow shown on slide 12 was just under $3 billion in 2016, around $300 million lower than the prior year, again due largely to timing and the recovery of fuel and purchase power costs and lower EWC net revenue. Now that we have wrapped up 2016 results, let's look forward. I'll start with a framework for our EWC expectations shown on slide 13. As Leo discussed, we now have plans for an orderly winddown of the nuclear assets within EWC, but we plan to have nuclear plant operations through 2021. As such, EWC does not meet GAAP criteria to account for the business as a discontinued operation. We will continue to report the results of the business consistent with our practice for the past few years. We will classify severance and retention expenses, as well as impairments, including capital, fuel and refueling outage costs and special items and we will exclude them from operational earnings. Our 2017 guidance and operational adjusted EBITDA outlook is reported using this framework. That said, we acknowledge the changing risk profile of our business. Therefore, we're providing additional disclosures to help you better understand the financial expectations as we exit the merchant power business. First, we're providing a five-year operational EBITDA outlook, as well as estimated special items. Taken together, these discloses should give you an approximation of the cash position of the business over this time period, excluding any potential amount for top off of nuclear decommissioning trust. Our current NDT top-off estimates are per limitary, as well as commercially sensitive to pursue additional VY-like transactions. They are included in our long term planning. In addition, we're pursuing other opportunities at EWC that could result in an incremental $100 million to $200 million of cash over the next five years. Second, we're providing you with a view on what remains after the end of merchant nuclear operations in 2021, namely decommissioning expense and trust income for our decommissioned nuclear assets. A few small, thoughtful assets and the Cooper contract. Turning to slide 14, we're initiating 2017 consolidated operational EPS guidance of $4.75 to $5.35 per share with a midpoint of $5.05. You'll notice that this range is narrower than previous years to reflect the change in risk profile of EWC. As of last year, the possibility exists for significant tax items at EWC in 2017 as early as the second quarter. If they do materialize, it could be valued roughly in the range of the EWC tax items recorded last year. Of course, there is also a possibility for tax reform which I will discuss in a minute which could affect the magnitude of those items. But despite the fact that resolution is only a few months away, there is still too much uncertainty to put this potential item into our guidance at this time. We're also issuing our utility, parent and other adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.25 to $4.55 per share with a $4.40 midpoint, consistent with our outlook at EEI. Both our operational and adjusted guidance assume normal weather and the current statutory income tax rate. Our $4.40 midpoint expectation in 2017 is up slightly year over year. Rate actions and sales growth are expected to offset higher nonfuel O&M and depreciation expenses. Growth from rate actions is largely attributable to rates already in effect, while projected retail sales growth in 2017 is about 1.4%, in line with our expectations at EEI. This increase includes approximately 3% industrial growth and less than a quarter of a percent increase for residential and commercial sales. Our industrial sales growth in 2017 continues to be driven by new and expansion projects. Sales to existing petroleum refiners are expected to decline year over year due to anticipated customer outages in the first half of 2017. We're projecting nonfuel O&M to be about $2.6 billion which represents a $0.45 per share increase over 2016, due primarily to higher nuclear spending. Pension and OPEC costs are expected to be slightly higher than 2016, reflecting a 4.39% discount rate. EWC's guidance midpoint is $0.65 per share. Our guidance assumptions isolate FitzPatrick which we assume is sold in the first half of this year. Average energy and capacity revenue is just over $50 per megawatt hour based on year-end prices. Another driver is decommissioning expense, partially due to a full year of decommissioning expense for Indian Point 3, as well as the liability adjustments for Indian Point and Palisades in the fourth quarter of 2016. Projected year-over-year decline due to EWC income tax expense is due to the income tax item recorded in the second quarter of 2016 and assumes no income tax benefits in 2017. Although, as I said, there could be some. Slide 15 summarizes our utility, parent and other financial outlooks which is unchanged from EEI. Our outlook reflects continuation of our strategy to grow the utility through investment that benefits customers and recovery through our normal ratemaking mechanisms. Our cash and credit metrics are summarized on slide 16. The year-end results are all within our targeted ranges. In addition, S&P recently changed Entergy and operating company outlooks to positive, while Moody's placed Entergy under review for upgrade. These actions are the result of our efforts to change our business risk profile to focus on our core utility business. As Leo said, we got a lot done in 2016 and we will continue those efforts through 2017. Now I would like to outline our current thinking on potential tax reform. Similar to what our peers have noted, given the early stage of discussions, it is premature to draw any firm conclusions. However, overall, while EWC and the parent could see an earnings impact, cash impacts there should be minimal. At the utility, we believe that impacts on investors are manageable while customers could see a benefit. As many have already discussed, there are a variety of potential outcomes, some positive and some negative depending on the result of reform efforts. We provided a framework on slide 17 for the near term effect of the major components. To be clear, this high-level view is illustrative for certain potential components and does not take into account all the complexities of how the various issues would work together. Under both high-level proposals, the House blueprint and the administration's plan, customers would have lower rates driven by the lower corporate tax rate. How much of a benefit depends on the new tax rate, how access ADIT is managed and how other items gain or lose status as deductions. If the tax rate were lowered to 20%, that would create about $2.6 billion in excess ADIT and roughly $700 million of that would be unprotected as defined under the 1986 tax act. And 100% expensing of the capital scenario in isolation would reduce rate base. But with our NOL positions, we would expect our rate base outlook to remain relatively unchanged. If interest were no longer deductible, revenue requirements would increase for customers, but we would expect no change in earnings. We also have deferred tax assets at the utility, as well as at EWC for that matter which are outside of ratemaking. These are currently valued using a 35% federal tax rate. If the corporate tax rate declines, the value of these deferred tax assets would be correspondingly lower. For example, if the tax rate were to move to 20%, this would result in a one-time reduction to those assets of approximately $580 million. About $180 million of that at the utility. However, the taxes due on future earnings would also be lower. So the net cash impact from the revaluation of these tax assets would be zero. Our EWC and parent and other segments are expected to have as reported losses in the future and a lower tax rate would provide a lower tax yield from those losses. Loss of interest deductibility would further impact the parent holding company. The magnitude would depend on whether this change would affect only interest on new debt, existing debt or net interest. Although there will be earnings impacts in these segments, we still expect to be in an NOL position for the foreseeable future. So our cash flow expectations should not be materially affected. But obviously the details matter and potential financial implications for Entergy and our customers would depend on exactly what is enacted. Our objective is to continue to work with our peers at EEI and other stakeholders to reach a final construct which is equitable, continue to closely monitor this issue and we will provide more specifics when we can. But now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to go through the tax reform updates that you provided. For the reduction income tax rate from -- to 20% from 35%, is there a sense of the magnitude of the EPS impact from that? I'm thinking really more for parent and other, not as much for EWC. But is there an approximation that we should be thinking about in terms of the magnitude there?
Leo Denault: Sure. Just from the tax rate change in isolation, it is probably $0.10 to $0.15 if you went from 35% to 20%. But, again, as I mentioned, we would still have the NOL in place. So we wouldn't expect any real cash impact near term for that.
Stephen Byrd: Understood, understood. And then just as a follow-up in terms of thinking about EWC and its cash flow over time, would you mind just giving us your latest thoughts on what is the likely cash flow profile for that business through this period of time overall?
Leo Denault: Stephen, our expectation through 2021 is that we would be able to get back to about flat from a cash flow perspective and you can see where the EBITDA is. And net of all the specialized -- and that includes all of the -- the special items include all of impairment expectations and the capital expenses and everything else. It doesn't include the ND team which I mentioned is sensitive which would take us a little further negative. But we have opportunities operationally and in some of our balance sheet items like working through the working capital and other things to bring us back to negative. And if we're successful, we can get a little higher than that.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. So you would be neutral by 2021 and any guidance in terms of the cash flow position prior to 2021?
Leo Denault: I'm sorry. Say that again, Stephen?
Stephen Byrd: So it sounds like you are on track to be neutral by 2021. But prior to 2021, is there any guidance in terms of the cash flow position for EWC during 2017 through 2020?
Leo Denault: 2017 through 2020? I think this year will probably be probably a negative cash flow year because we have three refueling outages in the business and as we move forward, it would be a little bit better than that. And then as we get toward -- we will have expenses associated with severance and retention that we incur as each plant shuts down. I think most of that is detailed in the back in the appendix.
Operator: The next question is from Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta: So a question firstly on the utility group and with the Trump growth and infrastructure plan, there seems to be lots of talk on the spend and one benefit could be your service territory. So I wanted to understand given you haven't really changed your utility group profile, if you expect to see anything and if you do, how will that translate to utility growth?
Leo Denault: Well, I will start and then I will let Theo or Rod jump in. But our growth profile right now, particularly over the term that we give the outlook through 2019, is pretty set as it relates to the modernization of our infrastructure across all segments of the business, whether it is generation, transmission or distribution. And recall that a lot of what we're doing on the generation and transmission side is both catching up to a short position plus modernizing aging and less efficient infrastructure on both sides. So changes in growth profile that would be caused by anything that's coming up with Trump would probably not happen fast enough to have any kind of impact on our growth strategy as it stands right now. If we were to start to see things happen that -- particularly in the energy sector that started to provide a stimulus for growth where we started to see our existing customers expand or new customers show up, that would really be more of a continuation of the existing story. We've got the 3% industrial growth that we had in 2016 that we're looking at again in 2017. That just might continue that path, but that most likely would be in projects that would show outside of the 2019 timeframe.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thank you. The next question I had was on just the decommissioning. On slide 49, you lay out the decommissioning status and just, for example, the Vermont Yankee trust assets are higher than the liability, but the sale of the asset is basically at no cost or no price. So I am trying to figure out how do you think about decommissioning funded status relative to your strategy to sell these assets to somebody else to decommission? Shouldn't there be some value in the decommissioning trust relative to the liability?
Drew Marsh: Well, that is true and I can just talk to the balance sheet items and what is going on there. I will let Bill talk to the commercial element that I think is associated with your question. The trust -- the liabilities and the trust -- well, let me say the liabilities are accreting over time. I'm not sure I understand if there's a question in there about the liabilities. But they are accreting over time and we're seeing some expense associated with that. The trust assets -- and our seed minimums are all met. The trust assets are growing at about -- we're assuming the growth is around 6.25% over time. By the way, there is a rule change in 2018 about how much income we may recognize because we moved to mark-to-market on the equity portion of our trust. But I think that we're anticipating and our current plan is profitable that we would put some money into the decommissioning trust. We talked about that. There is some we're expecting to put in for both Palisades and Indian Point, but the Pilgrim trust is pretty well funded at this point, as you can see in that table. It's at $960 million. So I will turn it over to Bill to allow him to talk a little bit about the commercial implications of where the trusts are and how we might disposition them.
Bill Mohl: Yes, I mean essentially -- if you take the VY deal, the way it was looked at is you've got the -- obviously we've got our projected liabilities and you would compare that to what the NDT is. What we're looking at is folks who have the capability to do this on a much more aggressive schedule and a much more efficient schedule. So while there could be a small top-off with something like VY, that has all been taken into consideration in the negotiation of the commercial deal. If you look at what we're looking at in terms of the transaction with Pilgrim and Palisades, you're looking at one which is overfunded, one which they would look at as being underfunded, but they have the ability to look at that on a combination basis and that's why we packaged those together to do some -- do preliminary due diligence to look at doing a very similar transaction.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Couple of questions. First of all, Leo, you commented briefly about opportunities in terms of rightsizing the corporate organization. Can you give us a little bit of detail about that in terms of how big of an opportunity from a cost saves prospective and kind of a timeline that -- when -- how long do you think it would take you to achieve and when do you think you'd be at a more normal run rate?
Leo Denault: And I guess we're at a normal run rate right now and if you think about it, Michael, we're actually in the -- and I was talking that section of my script around the nuclear corporate organizations, as well as the corporate organization as it relates to overhead inside EWC. We're -- as we have said here over the course of the last several months, we're running somewhat of a lean shop strategy. So we've got that going for us to begin with as we start to ramp up to get more towards industry benchmarks at the same point in time the EWC is shutting down. The whole point there is we made the decision to shut down Vermont Yankee in 2014. We started looking at the issue in terms of rightsizing the organization then with an eye towards recognizing that a lot of this stuff has been in the works for a long time. From 2014 to 2021, we had a seven-year period where the plants will sequentially go away and we have already started working on that organizational size. The question comes up from time to time about the overhead as if it's an issue. It is just not. That was the point I was trying to make.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Super helpful. One, if you don't mind one quick follow-up. At what point -- like the deal with the state of New York regarding the retirement of Indian Point and the planned retirement is 2020, 2021, but there's the potential the plant could live out to 2024, 2025. At what point would you know? How does the decision-making process happen in terms of the state decides or some combination of other and how early do you need to know? Like at some point, refueling decisions or other similar decisions have to get made if the state decides to play it and wants to operate beyond 2020.
Bill Mohl: Yes, Michael. This is Bill. So, really, the responsibility for the resource need will fall with the New York ISO. So what you need to be watching for is they will do an updated load and resource study probably the second half of this year where they will start to incorporate the shutdown of Indian Point, as well as any other additional resources that may be coming online. So that will start to paint the picture of what 2021 looks like. And so that will look at overall capacity needs, as well as specific reliability needs in terms of system security. And then that will be updated on an annualized basis. What we're going to need to be watching for -- and the state will be watching for -- is that we will have to likely make a decision sometime in the second half of 2018 if we want to extend the operations of that unit. And then we would have to enter into negotiations with New York State because, remember, that is a mutual option. We both have to agree, so obviously they have to recognize the need for reliability and we have to ensure that we fully recover all of our costs.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So, in other words, post 2020, if there is in operation, it is likely under some form of PPA or some other agreement that probably looks, smells and acts a little bit like an RMR because it is actually needed for reliability purposes?
Bill Mohl: Yes, sir. That's correct.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Just didn't hear much of an update on the nuclear improvement program. Could you just maybe talk about how that is progressing? Any update on the cost levels that you gave before those? Should we just assume those are the same? And just how do you plan to update us on how that is going, kind of going in the future?
Leo Denault: Steve, I would say that right now there is no update on the costs. You should assume that they are what we have outlined in originally and continue in the numbers today. As far as updates, right now the nuclear strategic plan is all wrapped up in our expenditures. They are in all of the guidance that you have got right now. We're beginning to see improvements in the operations of the facilities. So I think it would just be on a regular basis and probably more by exception than anything else as far as what we would be updating you on. As far as where it sits in the regulatory process, as Drew mentioned, everything that we've got going on at the moment is just running through the normal regulatory processes that we've already got in place, particularly given the fact that we've put some pretty good mechanisms in place over the course of the last several years to adjust things on a regular basis. And, as you know, we're in the process of reviewing some of those costs that were in the 2017 -- or the 2016 filed Formula Rate Plan. There is no procedure in Arkansas. There is no procedural schedule for that at the moment. We would anticipate that that will get done if not before, at least within the same context as when we make the next filing of the FRP in Arkansas.
Steve Fleishman: That last point is that you are referring to the small prudence thing that was opened up on the last -- on your settlement on the filing there?
Leo Denault: Really what that is the fact of the matter is the process is a brand-new process, the Formula Rate Plan with the forward-looking test year. And so we're just going through the process and the Commission just wants to make sure they got it right, that's all.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. But, operationally, do you feel that the nuclear performance improvements are going on plan? Ignoring cost, just operationally. Okay.
Leo Denault: Both. Both. Not ignoring costs. Everything is on plan.
Steve Fleishman: Everything is on plan. Okay. One other question. Just to clarify, I know you give the three-year utility guidance, but the 5% to 7% that you mentioned at the beginning of the call and I think you said something about that being some years above, some years below, what are you now using as the base for that 5% to 7%?
Drew Marsh: Well, we're still -- this is true. We're still thinking about, I guess either place you could base it off of where we're for 2016 or if you went back to an adjusted view of 2015, it would be a little bit higher than that. But either way, I think our objective is to try and get in that range each year, although at times it will be a little lumpier than most. So I think it doesn't really matter, Steve, where you would start from is our objective, but we should be able to get in there over time.
Steve Fleishman: Right. Because obviously 2016 -- 2017 is below, but then I think 2019 is well above based on your guidance. So that's what you mean by the back and forth. That's kind of --
Leo Denault: That's right. That's right. If you recall, last year before we put the nuclear costs in, we were expecting to be more steady in that. And now we've got the nuclear costs in. But as time moves forward, we would expect to get recovery of those costs and we would get back on track to our original plan. So that's why 2019 is still where we would put it, I guess, a year ago. And the other, 2017 and 2018 moved down slightly, but we expect to get back on track.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. One last thing, Leo. I think you are on the EEI tax committee -- the tax reform committee. Just maybe any just more color on how we should think about tax reform given the discussions that you have had and just where it might go?
Leo Denault: Well, I mean I think, as Drew mentioned and I think everybody else in the industry has probably mentioned, it's pretty early in the process as it relates to what's going on in the dynamics. Then I think what will be the most determinative over time are the interplays of all these different items, not only how they impact our industry, but others as well. But I would say that the dialogue that the industry has had with folks at the White House and on the Hill has been constructive. I think the history the industry has in terms of the way our rate regulated regimes work is understood by a large number of folks. And so I think that we're in a position where we're talking to the right people. We're having a lot of dialogue. Everybody's doing it with a pretty aligned point of view and we hope that things constructive come about because of it. And, again, the nature of our business being rate regulated certainly does provide some nuances that are important to us. It may not be important to other industries, but that has been provided for in the past when there's been tax law changes. And, also, the fact that we're rate regulated gives us some ability to make sure that we have rational regulation around the way the law turns out, just like we do today in terms of normalization practices and things like that.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on some of the last questions here. Can you talk a little bit about some of the costs associated with EWC and how that might get allocated out in the future vis-a-vis the regulatory business? It might somewhat dovetail with your talk about spreading down costs overall, but just wanted to understand how that process plays out. Then I've got a follow-up.
Leo Denault: Well, the way the process falls out is we have corporate organizations that allocate costs to EWC. Again, a seven-year period over which plants go away one at a time to be able to manage that process. We have already begun managing it on Vermont Yankee which is over -- we have already gone through the process of shutting down Vermont Yankee. We have already managed it as it relates to the Rhode Island plant which we have already sold. We have already managed it as it relates to the wind assets which we have already sold. We will manage it as it relates to Fitzpatrick which will be sold this year. We will manage it as it relates to Palisades which will shut down in 2018 and Pilgrim in 2019 and then in 2020 and 2021. It is just -- it's a process that has to be managed as it relates to what those costs are. But to right-size the organization over a seven-year period is something that we will be able to manage. So I guess, Julien, it's just not an issue of significance that I would say.
Drew Marsh: I can throw in some modeling elements, too. This is Drew. From a modeling perspective, when we started we had about $35 million per plant of overheads. And we've had direct costs for each plan. I don't have the percentages in front of me right now for each plant going back to Vermont Yankee. But each one of those is going to peel off as those plants are shut down. And I think there may be about 40% or so left that is indirect costs and those are the ones that we will have to work down over time that Leo is talking about and we've got a really good headstart. So I think at the end of the day, what we're going to end up with is the costs that are reasonable and necessary to operate the business going forward. And that should make sure that we have reliable and safe operations of our nuclear plant. So I think that's the -- from a modeling perspective, those are the things that you would look at as it winds down over time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But just to follow up here just quickly, you talked about the non-nuclear assets and Cooper contract being generally earnings neutral. But just outside of that on a go forward basis, 2021 onwards, you're talking about ramping down the costs. There should be no other costs outside of decommissioning and NDT that need -- that are ongoing. The remainder is either cut and/or allocated out and largely there is no other cost EPS that you are going to [indiscernible] the business.
Leo Denault: That's correct. And in the slide in the front, we talk about the NDT earnings and the decommissioning expense that is on slide 13. And you see initially, there's a pretty big gap between the decommissioning expense and the NDT earnings. I think one thing that is important to know there is, for the earnings part of that, we're assuming that we're realizing only about 45% of 6.25% of the earnings in 2017. And so it is effectively showing you a 3% return on your NDT earnings. The rest of it is going straight to the balance sheet. And then in 2018, we will have an accounting change which would cause us to mark-to-market much more of the equity portion of the trust. And so our return will go up substantially, not from 6.25%. It's going to stay there, but we will just acknowledge more of that in the income statement which will close that gap. And then over time, if we're successful, of course, in doing more VY-like type transactions, that should shrink as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry. Just a quick follow-up on Arkansas Nuclear One, what is the timeline for filing for and/or process to just get recovery on the regulated expense there? Just a quick one.
Leo Denault: I think as it relates to -- there is no filing around Arkansas Nuclear One. There is a Formula Rate Plan filing that we had, the one that is already in place. There is the review that is going on where there is no procedural scheduled for yet and then we will just make another Formula Rate Plan filing. Is that what you're asking about, the recovery?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, I was presuming it was part of the FRP, but I wasn't 100% sure.
Leo Denault: Yes, yes. It was part of the FRP as it relates to the rates that are in effect today and that's where we're going through the process where the Commission wanted to go back and review some more information on those costs. There is no procedural schedule around that at the moment, but then there will be another FRP filing this summer. And so there will be more costs associated with every -- the whole business, including ANO, at that point in time. So we would anticipate that the one that is out there today will either get a procedural schedule before that time or it will get wrapped up at the same point in time. That's the next step --
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jonathan Arnold: Hey, Leo. Actually I wanted to clarify just on the question you were just talking about. Firstly, are those costs likely to get recovered in 2017 under the 16 FRP if they wrap it up sooner or are they sort of -- I think they set them aside, so they wanted more information, but would it be retroactive to the beginning of the year if decided on a more timely basis than next year's filing?
Leo Denault: They are in rates now.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. So the question is whether they stay in or you are collecting it today?
Leo Denault: Correct. They are just reviewing them. They didn't set them aside out of the pricing. They are all being recovered today.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Okay. Thank you for that. And secondly, I know you gave a number on what you thought the potential utility or parent and other exposure to tax reform at a lower tax rate would be. If you layered in losing interest deductibility as well, in that kind of scenario, would you guys still see yourselves in the 5% to 7% range? Does it move you in the range? What's the -- how should we think about that kind of incremental scenario?
Drew Marsh: Jonathan, this is Drew. Clearly we have a fairly narrow range out there for utility, parent and other. And if you were to layer on the change in tax rate and the interest expense, that -- assuming that was the scenario you ended up with, it would probably move you close to the bottom of that range. It's too early to tell about what we decide to do with the ranges at this point. But if you just were to take those two things in isolation, that would probably bring it to the bottom of the range. But it's not clear yet that we would move the range or change our guidance or anything at this point.
Operator: Thank you and at this time I would like to turn the call back over to David Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Latoya and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we would remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our annual report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC on March 1 and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing and provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing 855-859-2056, confirmation ID 52887956. The telephone replay will be available until February 22 and this concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - VP of IR Leo Denault - Chairman & CEO Andrew Marsh - EVP & CFO William Mohl - President, Entergy Wholesale Commodity Theodore Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations Chris Bakken - EVP of Nuclear Operations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Praful Mehta - Citigroup Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Entergy's Third Quarter Earnings Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
David Borde: Thank you, Liz. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow-up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the company's SEC filings. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information and reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. Today, we are announcing another solid quarter with operational earnings per share of $2.31. Adjusted earnings of $1.98 for our core utility parent and other business were substantially higher than last year and in line with our growth expectations. We remain on track to meet this year's guidance for utility parent and other adjusted earnings per share. As our results show we continue to execute on our strategy and meet our objectives both at the utility and EWC. At the beginning of year, we set out our to do list as shown on Slide 3 and with three quarters of 2016 now behind us, I am happy to say that we successfully completed most of those tax. Each of these accomplishments supports our objective of steady and predictable growth at the utility while managing risk and reducing our EWC footprint. At the utility we continue to make needed investments, which will modernize our system and enhance its efficiency and reliability for benefit of our customers. We have a number of generation projects in front of us which will meet this purpose. First the St. Charles Power Station is a 980 megawatt CCGT to be constructed and placed into service in Montz Louisiana by June of 2019. The Administrative Law Judge recommended supporting the certification of this project in July and we are waiting a final regulatory decision from the Louisiana Public Service Commission. The commission has faced some scheduling challenges and it's been difficult for the full commission to take up major items for vote. However we anticipate that the commission will be able to make a decision on this project before the end of the year. On October 7, Entergy Texas made its filing with the Public Utility Commission of Texas seeking the certification to construct the Montgomery County Power Station. This 993 megawatt highly efficient combined cycle plant will provide reliable power at significantly reduced energy costs. The plant will produce an expected $1.7 billion in net benefits to our Texas customers. In addition the plant will use state-of-the-art emission control technology to lower air emissions and construction anticipated to begin in 2019 will provide more than 2,800 direct jobs in Texas and nearly $1 billion in economic activity for the local economy. In June, Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the New Orleans City Council seeking approval to construct the New Orleans Power Station. 226 megawatt CET will provide a modern cost-effective local resource to enhance reliability and operational flexibility, mitigate market risks and aid in restoration efforts following major weather events. The construction of this plant will produce hundreds of millions of dollars in economic benefits for the state and local economy. We are currently working with the city council to set a procedural schedule and we expect to make filings with the Louisiana Commission to begin the regulatory approval process for the Lake Charles CCGT later this year. This also will be a highly efficient plant that will support the growing customer base in the Lake Charles area. Additionally we estimate the plant will provide around $1.4 billion in savings to customers over its life time. Our transmission grid is equally vital for the operation of our system and ongoing investments are required for compliance, reliability and efficiency. We continually make upgrades and additions to the grid to enhance our level of service and make room for growth. At the end of June, we completed Phase 2 of our client [indiscernible] voltage support project in Arkansas constructing a new 230 kV substation and transmission line. In July, we also finished the installation of a 230 kV auto transformer and a 230 kV substation to better serve our customers in Texas. And some of our transmission investment decisions are made through the annual MISO transmission and expansion planning process also known as MTEP. We are nearing the end of the MTEP planning process for 2016. Currently we have 48 projects totaling roughly $480 million under consideration. The MISO Board will make its selections and get final approval to projects in December. On September 15, we submitted about $700 million of proposed projects for MTEP '17 and we will work with MISO on the selection process for those proposals over the course of the next year. For the last several years, we've been executing on these and other traditional generation and transmission projects. We've also begun to outline the investments, which will lay the foundation for an integrated energy network. To that end on September 19, Entergy Arkansas was the first of our jurisdictions to make regulatory filings seeking approval from his commission for advanced metering and implementation. These were followed by filings from Entergy New Orleans on October 18. In each filing, we requested that our regulators find the deployment of the advanced metering infrastructure to be in the public interest. Entergy Arkansas expects to recover its investment through its forward-looking FRP. Entergy New Orleans has requested approval to implement a phased-in customer charge. Deployment of this infrastructure including advanced meters is expected to bring total net benefits of approximately $260 million to our customers in Arkansas and New Orleans. In addition to improved outage restoration, enhanced customer service and tools to better manage energy usage. Contingent on approval by the Arkansas Commission in the New Orleans City Council, meter deployment would begin in 2019. Ahead of meter deployment, we're focused on constructing and integrating the back office systems that support this technology and make it smart and meter data management system the new outage management system and distribution management system as well as designing and installing the infrastructure for our communications network. The advanced meters are a big step forward and the advantages they provide to our customers as well as the follow-on technologies and services they enable, represent the future of our company and our industry. I would like take a moment now to extend our sympathy, the family and friends of Clyde Holloway, the Louisiana Public Service Commission Chair who recently passed away. Commissioner Holloway was consistently fair, dedicated to serving the public interest and true to his convictions. We appreciate his many years of public service. Last Friday the Governor of Louisiana appointed Charlie DeWitt, former speaker of the Louisiana House of Representatives to fill the remaining months of Commissioner Holloway's term. We look forward to working with Commissioner DeWitt. As you know we spent the last few years working with our regulators, Commissioner Holloway and others for improvements in our regulatory constructs. These constructs are now facilitating our investments in the utility infrastructure. For example, this quarter Entergy Arkansas reached a settlement in its first FRP filing with the forward test year. We've requested any potential rate adjustments to be in effect on December 30. Entergy Mississippi completed its FRP filing with a stipulated settlement for a $19.4 million rate increase. New rates were effective in July 2016. Entergy Texas filed for a $19 million annual increase to its transmission cost recovery factor rider in September, reflecting $210 million in incremental transmission investment since it's last base rate filing. Entergy Texas also presented its view on alternative ratemaking mechanisms to the Public Utility Commission in Texas through a filing made in August. This filing was in response to the Texas legislature's request for the commission to conduct a study and make recommendations regarding appropriate reforms to the rate making process. In its comments, Entergy Texas asserted that a formula rate plan with a forward test year is an mechanism to reduce regulatory lag. This mechanism will provide utilities with an opportunity to earn their authorized returns and is also beneficial to the utility's credit ratings providing access to capital at lower cost to customers and facilitating the infrastructure investment to support economic development in the creation of jobs in Texas. The Commission will consider the filing along with the recommendations from others and provide its final rate making report to the legislature in January. And our FERC Regulated System Agreement came to an end on September 1 after more than 50 years of existence. This agreement has been a source of litigation between Entergy and various retail regulators for years and it's eliminations moves that risk -- remove that risk and allows us to focus more specifically on the priorities and policies of local regulators. You've also heard us talk about the importance of controlling bills for our customers. Our rates continue to be among the lowest in the country and these low rates are one of the factors that make our region attractive for industrial development. We've said there are a number of levers available to keep overall customer bills reasonable. In one such example last month, $55 million of Mississippi storm restoration bonds for Hurricane Katrina were fully paid off and we were able to remove that charge from our customer's bills. These are the first storm securitization bonds to roll off bills and more will follow for our customers in Louisiana in 2018 and Texas in 2021. Shifting to our Nuclear Operations, we recognize the importance of nuclear power as part of the national energy landscape and the significant benefits our clients bring to our stakeholders. Nuclear power is a source of low-cost steady reliable base load power. It provides fuel diversity to our generation portfolio and reduces fuel price volatility. It minimizes our environmental footprint by creating virtually no emission. Each plan anchors its surrounding community with steady good paying jobs, the significant property tax base and other ancillary economic benefits. And last but not least, we believe the plants are necessary to ensure the continued reliability of our electric grid. We must preserve the benefits our clients provide and ensure that our operations are in line with evolving nuclear industry standards for operational excellence. This requires that we look at what investment is needed to ensure safe and reliable operations in the near-term as well as what it will take to prepare plants to operate to the end of their expected operating lines. As a result, going forward the cost to operator plants will be higher. We'll be reinvesting to preserve these valuable resources for our customers, communities, employees and owners, as an important part of our utility strategy. Our financial plan now includes the investments we believe are needed to meet our goals for nuclear operations as well as mitigating actions and rate treatment. Drew will discuss our revised earnings outlook and other outlook information is remarks. Turning briefly to EWC, operational earnings for the quarter were essentially flat for the same quarter of last year. Like many merchant generators, we face market challenges including very low commodity prices. These challenges are apparent and revised EWC EBITDA outlooks we provided today and further validate the progress we continue to make on our strategy to reduce our merchant footprint. On August 9, we announced our agreement to sell the bond. We recent recently received early termination of the HSR waiting period and we continue to work through the required regulatory approvals with the NRC, FERC and the New York Public Service Commission. We are targeting the second quarter of 2017 to close the transaction. We also continue to proceed along two parallel paths, for the plants refueling and potential sale and the possibility of permanent shutdown and decommissioning. Once again, I'd like to thank our FitzPatrick and Foley's who continue to operate the plant safely and reliably throughout this transition. We also entered into agreements this quarter to sell our EWC wind assets in Iowa and Texas and expect to close on that transaction in the fourth quarter of this year. We will continue to be disciplined in our assessment of every remaining asset in our EWC portfolio to execute on our strategy to reduce our emerging footprint. Many of you have heard about the mid August rain storms in South Louisiana and its broad devastation to so many of our customers as well as our employee. These historic rains dropped an estimated seven trillion gallons of water in one week, damaging roughly 60,000 homes and businesses and causing outages to more than 32,000 of our electric customers. Our crews work tirelessly to restore power quickly and safely to customers. After the water receded, hundreds of Entergy employees from four states, friends and family members, all logged over 10,000 hours of volunteer service helping to clean flooded homes. In addition they collected needed tools and supplies and provided meals to those in the area coming together admirably to support each other and the affected community. To that end, Entergy contribute $525,000 to local nonprofit organizations to help them respond to the storm. I would also like to acknowledge those who were recently affected and suffered losses in the wake of Hurricane Matthew. Along with many of our peer utilities, Entergy provided over 400 workers to assist with restoration efforts. We were eager to respond to this call for help as others have done for us many times in the past. In many ways events such as these are an important reminder of who we serve and what we do best. Supporting the communities where our customers employees live has always been a part of who we are at Entergy in one of the many ways we power life. In recognition of efforts such as these as well as our other sustainable business practices, Entergy has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for a 15th consecutive year. We are top scores in the areas of corporate citizenship and philanthropy, climate strategy, biodiversity and water related risks. The index confirms that we are focused on the right things and successfully providing value to each of our four stakeholders. Site Selection magazine named Entergy as one of the Nation's top 10 utilities in economic development in 2015. This is the night year in a row that we've been named to the list, recognizing our integral role that resulted in nearly $10 billion of capital investment in the creation of over 4,800 jobs in our service territory. We know that economic development is important for our customers across the region and it's also good for business and we'll continue to work with our state agencies and local communities to promote growth across our service territory. In summary this was another solid quarter. Both our consolidated operational earnings and our adjusted earnings for core business were substantially higher than last year and in line with our growth expectations. Our solid results to date demonstrate our ability to continue to execute on our strategy. With that backdrop, I'll also note that our financial outlook now reflect our prudent decision to position the nuclear fleet for sustained operational excellence, along with other nonfuel O&M adjustments such as increased benefit expenses due to the prolonged low interest rate environment and the industry-wide reality of flattening consumption for residential and commercial customers. Despite the near-term effects, the incorporation of these items and our are financial outlooks strengthens our competence and our ability to deliver on our long-term goals as reflected in our unchanged 2019 outlook. As we look down the road to 2019 and beyond, we continue to see the benefits of the progress and accomplishments we've made over the past 24 months to execute on our objective of steady predictable growth on utility parent and other earnings and corporate dividends. We look forward to talking with you some more about our plans and our outlooks at EEI next months and with that, I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo and good morning, everyone. In addition to reviewing the quarterly results, I'll take some time today to talk about our longer term outlook. We know that you're all anticipating an update on our nuclear investments and it's financial effects, it's time to give you key information in advance of EEI to help you better prepare for those meetings I'll start with the key takeaways from our third quarter results on Slide 4, beginning with the consolidated results in the top left corner. As reported earnings included special items related to EWC nuclear plant that we've identified to close or sell. Last year results included significant impairment for the FitzPatrick and Pilgrim plants. On an operational view, our consolidated earnings for $2.31 per share in the current period that compares to $1.90 a share year ago. The increase was due to growth in our core utility parent and other business shown in the top right corner. Utility parent and other adjusted earnings increased more than 25% above last year, which I'll discuss shortly. Just a reminder our adjusted view normalizes for special items, the estimated effects of weather and income taxes. Looking at the bottom left corner, EWC operational results were essentially flat. Operational earnings per share for utility parent and other increased $0.40 quarter over quarter shown on Slide 5. Looking at the Orange bars on an adjusted view, utility parent and other results increased $0.42. This growth reflects rate actions to recover productive investments to benefit customers and improves returns. Specific drivers include Entergy Arkansas' rate case, the Union Power Station acquisition, Entergy Mississippi's recent formula rate plan and Entergy Texas new transmission cost recovery writer. Build retail sales for the quarter were lower than a year ago. We continue to see weakness in both residential and commercial sales. Industrial sales were also lower even considering the continued growth for new and expansion customers. This is consistent with our comments last quarter. Despite the lower sales volume, industrial revenue was up, excluding right effects because of the demand for the bill and the new customers. For the full year, we anticipate industrial growth to be in line with our original guidance assumption of approximately 2.9% and we expect industrial growth to continue into next year at around the same level. Also contributing to the UPO, earnings increase was nonfuel O&M, which declined. Lower pension and other postretirement benefit expenses were the largest driver. Turning to EWC's third quarter results, summarized on Slide 6, operational earnings were 19% in the current quarter, compared to $0.18 a year ago. Effects from 2015 impairments were partly offset by lower energy prices. Decommissioning expense was also higher due to the establishment of decommissioning liabilities for Indian Point 3 and FitzPatrick as a result of our agreement with NYPA to transfer the decommissioning trust and liabilities to Entergy. Slide 7 shows operating cash flow was once again around $1 billion, consistent with the same quarter last year. Our 2016 earnings guidance is summarized on Slide 8. As you can see, we are affirming our 2016 guidance, the consolidated operational EPS and utility parent and other adjusted EPS. For the consolidated operational view, positive weather in the third quarter is being more than offset by lower EWC revenue and higher decommissioning expense for the NYPA trust transfer transaction. We also expect a slightly higher effective tax rate. Overall we currently expect consolidated operational results will be within the bottom half of the range. For utility parent and other, we still expect adjusted earnings for the year at around the midpoint of our guidance range. That said, there are a few things that we're keeping an eye on. As you know, we have the Waterford 3 Steam Generator Replacement project before the Louisiana Commission and that issue is not yet fully resolved. Grande Golf is also in an extended outage and we will continue to monitor this potential implication. On the positive side, we recognize that our nonfuel O&M is favorable to our plan through the third quarter and we'll continue to monitor our spending for opportunities in the fourth quarter and just under two weeks at EEI we will discuss our strategy and longer-term view. However I would like to take a minute to talk about our financial outlook starting with the utility parent and other adjusted EPS on Slide nine. At Analyst Day, we knew that we would have significant incremental spending to ensure the longer-term sustainability of our nuclear plants. Since then, we have spent the last few months going through the process that Chris Bakken outlined to help us understand the magnitude of the investment needed to position our fleet for sustained operational excellence. The low interest rate environment and its effect on our pension and postretirement benefit expenses was also discussed at Analyst Day. More recently, residential and commercial sales have been lower than our expectations and we now expect a lower growth rate. Our goal was to fully mitigate these effects by identifying opportunities to operate our business more efficiently, reprioritizing projects among the business function and utilizing regulatory mechanisms available to us as needed. Considering all of this, we now expect our utility parent and other adjusted earnings to be lower in 2017 and 2018. However we are still on track for greater than 5% three-year growth based on the midpoint of our adjusted 2019 outlook versus our 2016 guidance. Slide 10 illustrates the major changes from our original utility parent and other outlook to our current expectation. The primary drivers for our changes are the aforementioned higher nuclear cost, lower pension discount rate and lower retail sales that are expected to be about $0.75in 2017. Partially offset by mitigations, we've identified over the past several months, which total about $0.25 in 2017 and increased net revenue from rate actions and other items, which will help about $0.20 next year. Regarding mitigations, we've worked hard over the past several months to identify opportunities. For example on the last call, we talked about interest expense reductions from economic re-financings. We've also issued new debt rate at rates lower than we planned. In addition, we've identified O&M savings from various employee led initiative throughout the company, driving improvement in sourcing, benefits, insurance, outage operational and other costs over the next few years. Our outlook now reflects recovery of our prudent spending, net of mitigations through our normal rate making mechanisms. On Slide 11, EWC operational adjusted EBITDA outlook also reflects lower expectations. The summary of what's changed is provided on Slide 12. Like utility parent and other, net revenue and nonfuel O&M are the two key drivers for the changes at EWC. Revenue estimates declined due to lower forward prices and reduced volume from revised assumptions on outages, including at any point more conservatively plan additional time for potential replacement of affable. As noted on Slide 13, we'll have additional details at the EEI Financial Conference when we'll continue the discussion of our business strategy, including our nuclear investments, longer term outlook and 2017 drivers. As have been our practice, we anticipate that we will provide earnings guidance for 2017 and our detailed three-year capital plan on our fourth quarter earnings call. We realized that we covered a lot of new information today. We've also included some information on our nuclear investments and our preliminary three-year capital plan in the appendix of our webcast presentation. We'll be listening to your question today and over the next week and will provide information that you need to understand and analyze these changes at EEI. We look forward to moving ahead with the strategies to create value for our owners, our customers, our employees and the communities we serve. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer your question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: Thank you. Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: I'm just wondering as we look at the magnitude of the rate actions that you think you're going to be able to recover over the next several years associated with the increase in nuclear spending, how we think about the prudence of those -- that spend and the recovery? Can you explain us what your benchmarking looks like in terms of your current spending on those plants and what the increase in spend then with efforts you relative to other nuclear operations across the country and how you are going to show that those recoveries are necessary and prudent for customers as opposed to being a function of some level of mismanagement historically that should be borne by the shareholder?
Leo Denault: Greg, that's a good question because as you know customer bills, customer rates is an extremely important factor in our business and something that we spent a lot of time to maintain. As you know we already have some of the lowest rates in the country, 20% to 25% and below the national average and as far as the expenditures go, if they werent prudence expenditures to make we would make them. Between our mitigation actions as well as the other items that are well announced like [indiscernible] securitizations that I mentioned in Mississippi $55 million in 2018, we have roughly $1 billion of securitization bonds rolling out of the Louisiana jurisdictions and that in utilizing our normal regulatory processes. We do believe that all the prudently incurred expenditures will be recovered and also keep in mind here that when we look at the jurisdictions that are most impacted by the nuclear spend namely honestly Arkansas and Louisiana where the plants reside. You put everything together not just the spend that we got the tradition here, but everything and over the period that we're talking about, we wouldn't expect the customer rates to increase by much more than 1% including everything so far less than the rate of inflation annually. And so the impact here we're trying to manage as much as we can all the expenditures will be prudently incurred. We're putting all of our operations in line with what the industry is. As you know, every plant in the country is different, but that's certainly something that we've kept in my. We've outlined this plan in terms of amount, in terms of timing, in terms of what we need to do to balance the equation, not only for the operational side of things but for our customers. And again we would envision we come out the backside of this by the time we get to 2019 with still having some of the most competitive rates in the country.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thanks. One follow-up as I've looked at the numbers and just rough math at this point for EWC, net of the reduction in EBITDA as a function of the increased operating costs, but also the increase CapEx, am I right that it looks like you're actually cash flow negative over the next several years at EWC or are there some -- is there some mitigation happening here that will allow you to maintain at least the neutral value proposition there as you unwind that business.
Andrew Marsh: Greg, this is Drew and we haven't ever discussed specifically but you can do the math like we can and so we as Leo mentioned in his remarks, we continue to remain vigilant and disciplined on our approach to reducing the footprint in that business and so I think that you could count us to continue to maintain that posture.
Greg Gordon: But to the extent that the business is cash flow negative, how would you fund that?
Andrew Marsh: To the extent that it is at any given period it's going to be mostly from the parent and you look at this overall forecast. including the changes at EWC, the incremental investment at the utility, we have a parent debt level that could go up about 150 basis points from where we were originally targeting it, which was slightly above our target range and our target range is 18% to 20% and we were talking about a forecast the got us around the neighborhood of 21% that we were working on. Obviously this and as I said maybe another 150 basis points to that and so that's not going in the right direction and that if we financed everything with parent debt and so we're thinking about other options around how do we manage it starting with the business itself and can we continue to find ways to be more efficient.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: This sounds again on the mitigating rate actions that Greg was asking about, can you give us a little bit of a sense of where the trajectory there is coming from, which jurisdictions, which formula, which will be actual rate cases just so we can get a sense of what we should be tracking just to see that offset come in.
Leo Denault: Well I'll start and then Theo can follow-up Greg, Jonathan sorry about that. We're not planning on using any special regulatory mechanisms at this point in time, everything would just float through the normal mechanisms. So for example Arkansas will flow today FRP, Louisiana will flow the FRP in the near-term but we do have some reset capability by the time we get out to 2019. Those are the major implications in terms of where the plants reside and again from -- yes asked about the trajectory and if you look at the plan as we've laid out now and not just that spend but everything together, in those jurisdictions we're talking about a trajectory of about that we wouldn't expect to be more than 1% a year from a rate standpoint and remember it's not only our mitigating actions that Drew outlined that are on the slides in your deck, things like the securitizations rolling off the low growth that we have, the continuation of the investments that we're making. As I outlined, all those investments related to the new power plants etcetera, we envision that those are going to provide production cost benefits as they're more efficient etcetera. So all that works together to keep that trajectory still in line with one of the best in the industry. I don't know Theo if you want to add to that.
Theodore Bunting: Jonathan, this is Theo. Just a couple of other points, the other plant clearly over making investment is Grande Golf which is owned by Siri and like your PPA back to for the operating companies. That plan is subject to FERC formula rate cost of service base rate. Also in Louisiana just additional clarification, we've got an opportunity for FRP reset and '18 timeframe and we would expect that reset to occur just that rate changes would happen within the 2018 calendar year. So you see the full impact of that in 2019. Also in Arkansas, the forward-looking test year FRP with forward-looking features also has a true-up mechanisms associated with it. So if in fact our forecasted test year is different than actual, we have the opportunity to come back and implement rate changes to true that up to the actual costs within the context of that particular test year
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you. That's it. And on the management task on the mitigation to the expense line where you have it at $0.25 already in '17 and they are holding more or less at that level through the period, how much of that have you have already identified and/or implemented?
Andrew Marsh: Hi, this is Drew, and pretty much all of it we've already identified and implemented. So a lot of the $0.10 of the attendance of the $0.25 this year are in '17 would be associated with interest expense and so that's all the financings that we've done this year would contribute to that engine. After that the other $0.15 are various elements from the laundry list of things that I read off that have already been put into place.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you. You made some comments about dividend growth and talked about giving us more of an update at EEI and last year I think you had the dividend increase right at the end of October. You're coming up to the -- can you give us some thoughts about how we -- how does this dampening of the trajectory in the short term feed into your thinking around dividend and this obviously it seems to be the timing of the airway you illustrated.
Leo Denault: That's another good question Jonathan, obviously the dividend is a Board of Directors decision that theyll make in due course. You're right on timing. Traditionally the fall is when we make that determination. As far as, what this has done to our trajectory again, the earnings trajectory here through 2019 is pretty similar to where we were before, it's the same number by 2019. We still see growth in '17 and '18. So while obviously it's a consideration through our mitigation actions, the rate levels that we have, the regulatory constructs that we have and the work of a lot of really talented people here at Entergy, we still see the growth outlook that we've been on for that utility parent and other earnings that supports the dividend growth. So our objective to continue to grow dividend is still out there, it's still something that we take very seriously and predictable growth in earnings in the dividend that's our objective.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you, Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Stephen Byrd: Hi. Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to focus on Slide 10 in the revised retail sales growth, could you just lay out what's your revised growth rate is and what the sensitivity is, you have a appendix slide that shows the sensitivity in near-term to 1% changes. I just wanted to confirm sensitivity, the changes in low growth assumptions in the out years.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, this is Drew. So you're referencing the slide in the back. Was there in anything particular Stephen that you wanted to discuss that's 35 I think that's slide 42.
Stephen Byrd: Sure yes I guess so on Slide 10 what's the revised retail sales growth percentage for residential and commercial and what was the 1% movement in that assumption? I think the appendix should imply $0.11 for commercial and residential commodity. I just wanted to confirm that.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah I think that's still fairly correct Stephen. So we saw two or three quarters of this year were down about six tenths of a percent versus the 1% or so just below 1% expectation for this year. And so we have a different starting point going into next year than what we are anticipating that's the first thing. And then the second thing is the growth rate going forward and we've brought that down as I mentioned in my remarks, but I think it will be probably closer to about 0.5% rather than almost 1%.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Understood and just shifting gears to the sale of nuclear assets to Exelon. I know there are several conditions that were listed in the release in terms of approval by federal and state agencies. There was recently a lawsuit filed in court opposing the credits provided in New York in the event that in course the credits were overturned, what would be the impact to the sale of those assets.
Leo Denault: Stephen it really on the timing of the court action. So our point of view is that is unique in that it places a value on carbon free attribute of the units. So we feel pretty strongly that we will survive that legal challenge, but it really would depend at what point in the transaction that occurred. So right now we're anticipating approval by the PSC on November 17, approval of the contracts November 23 and then NRC approvals to follow and closing of the transaction in the second quarter of next year.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. And if the Zacks were overturned before second quarter of next year would that trigger cancellation of the transaction.
Leo Denault: Well certainly it could be a consideration there and than it really depends on who's taking responsibility for that and so the contract had some commercial terms which deal with that specific issue, so it really becomes more of an issue of can you close and who has liability for the investments in the refueling etcetera.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, couple of easy ones. First does your utility parent and another guidance incorporate any external equity or equity like security issuances over the next few years.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. It does not incorporate anything like that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Second on the EWC side, when you look at Palisades and in Indian point and kind of the guidance of increased costs how do these plants look from a cost structure relative to what you would consider their benchmark peers.
Chris Bakken: This is Chris Bakken. The Indian point of cost structure is reflective of the market it operates in which is the high labor costs but spending we believe is appropriate for the remaining life of the plant. In terms of Palisades, I would say it's consistent with the industry and again we're making prudent investment in the plants given the remaining lifecycle of the plant.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Last thing back to the regulated type, can you put John some numbers around the size and scale of the AMI program filings in Arkansas and New Orleans and how should we think about what size and scale through 2019 or 2020 or so you anticipate in some of the other jurisdictions?
Theodore Bunting: Michael this is Theo. I don't have the specific numbers in front of me in terms of Arkansas versus New Orleans. I know when we talked about this, initially we talked about on a system basis the investment being $900 million or so. When you think about it as it related to the again the entire system in terms of timing as you can see as you go through the filings you will see that there were some costs we're asking to differ that will get fully incurred prior to the full functionality of the meters themselves. And we believe that's consistent with the matching of that cost with the benefit that you'll see that will get implemented as a result of the implementation of the meters themselves. There is also I think as you recognized as Drew mentioned some asset investments that's made in advance of meter deployment basically to develop the backbone to support the meter deployment. And our view is that asset investment is consistent with what we've seen from kind of a timing perspective and the necessity to get the employees in order to allow the efficient use of the meters themselves once they are fully deployed and to recognized benefits of it. We also believe that infrastructure is useful for other systems as well. So I think our perspective is the cost is consistent with what we've seen in implementations across the country and will be supported and supportive of the benefits that Leo mentioned as we think about the implementation overall. We have to get the specificity for you in terms of years, but we don't view that investment to be significant investment at risk in advance of the meter deployment.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Andrew Marsh: And if I just add I think in the forecast period in the $900 that Theo was discussing, it's a couple hundred million in the forecast period. Most of its beyond '19 when the significant portion of the meter deployment really kicks in.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Drew. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hey guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Praful Mehta: So the first question was more strategic which is there seems to be a lot of defense right now, which is both in EWC where the focus is just the reduce the strength and size and even on the utility side, things like retail sales growth isnt coming out where you guys expected. So I am trying to figure out from a offense perspective or future growth how are you looking at what are the dimensions that you can push and grow going forward coming out from the defensive kind of view right now.
Leo Denault: We don't view ourselves in a defensive view at all Praful. So we are on offense here. We had a significant amount of investment that I outlined that goes into the generation and transmission footprint of our regulated utility. That has not changed and we continue to make those modernizing investments that will lower production cost, provide significant benefits to our customers, improve the reliability, reduce our environmental footprint. And that which is a continuing to grow service territory, particularly as it relates to what we see on the industrial side, all while we maintain some of the lowest rates in the country. In addition to that what we just in response to the question from Michael around AMI, AMI is the first step and we've just now started to make regulatory filings but first we'll get the back office and the backbone of the system to make it smart, we don't want to deploy the meters until mill actually have something to do for us. So we're putting all of that in place in advance of actually beginning to deploy the meters in 2019. There are other technologies that we will deploy on the system then that we're looking at today in terms of asset management technologies and other things that will go from that point and forward that will provide even greater benefit savings helping us to manage the load for our customers and provide that needed investment that will provide us an earnings opportunity but at the same point in time it will help us help customers manage their bills through the ability to manage how much they use, when they use it etcetera. So that for us is again total offense and extremely, extremely exciting for us as we look to the future. When we look at EWC, our objective has not changed. I1t's always been to separate that business from the utility and we continue to execute on that. We sold wind assets or in the process of selling those. We sold the Rise plant last year. We made decisions and unfortunate as they are to shut down Pilgrim shutdown of Vermont Yankee and we're going to continue on that path albeit with a different price deck that we see continues to erode, but we're still working as diligently as we can and I think a proof of that is in our discipline around first making the decision at Fitzpatrick to cease operations there, but at the same time never giving up and never wavering from the idea that we might come up with something better that resulted in the creation of actually working with Exelon in the state to come up with the sale of that plant, the continuation of its economic benefit and reliability benefit to the State of New York and certainly to employees and the communities. That plus is a defense at all. It's all offense. Like everyone else we're in merchant market and gas prices have been low particularly in the Northeast and we've got to manage around that, but it doesn't change what we're doing or how hard we're working and what we think we can accomplish there and we've accomplished a lot and we would anticipate over the course of the next couple years we'll continue to accomplish a lot. So all that said, we are pretty excited about what we have the opportunity to accomplish here and again just going through all that we've just talked about with the sustainability of the nuclear fleet, the investment in AMI, the investment in generation business, the investment in transmission going through the normal regulatory constructs that we have today and still maintaining our 2019 outlook, sounds like offense to me. But strategically that's where we're headed, the same place we were headed before and we just updated some of the information for you that's all.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Fair enough Leo. Thank you. And on Slide 16 just a more detailed question, the increased CapEx around EWC you also made the point about the remaining useful life of considering the remaining useful life of assets. Just wanted to understand how you're thinking remaining useful life for both Indian point and Palisades? Is there any change in view of we understand the relicensing, but apart from that, is there any change in view around that, given the CapEx spend?
Leo Denault: There is not a change in view around that Praful other than what we always do as we continue to evaluate those facilities, but right now there is no change in point of view around those plants. Palisades nearly we got the contract through 2022 and then we got the ability to see what we think the MISO market goes at that point in time. And Indian point, continues to be very, very valuable asset. I think the ISO just came out with their study showing that it was required for reliability in the region. So it continues to be needed in that region. So there's really no change in outlook for those assets at this point. That said, we continue to be disciplined in how we look at these on a regular basis and will look at them, we're always refining our point of view about them, that's all.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough. Thanks Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Praful. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Brian Chin: Hi. Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin: I wanted to go back to an earlier question about the court challenge to the zero omissions credits proposal. If that challenge is successful and the court overturns I think you made reference to it's possible under certain conditions that it might impact the sale. You mean to say that those conditions are spelled out and there is one party who might be at fault at that, can you just give a little bit more clarity on what exactly you meant?
Leo Denault: It's difficult to predict what the impact of it could be without understanding what the specific ruling is, but we have put terms in the commercial agreement that tried to separate those risk. I really can't tell you what the eventual outcome of that would be. Typically we don't discuss litigation especially for future litigation, but we have tried to address and mitigate those risk in our sale agreement with Exelon.
Brian Chin: Got it. Okay.
Leo Denault: Brian one thing that I'll add too is the way we're working through this process we're going down the parallel paths. We're confident that we'll close the transaction that we in the end game but certainly the way it's structured worst case for us we get back to the position we we're in beforehand and that is we have to make the decision to shut down the plant around the same time we are planning on it.
Brian Chin: Got it. Appreciate it. Thanks a lot. That's all I got.
Leo Denault: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe. Your line is now open.
Steven Fleishman: Hi. Good morning. Just had a simple question could you just be clear what is not working right in the Merck nuclear program right now that you're spending so much money?
Leo Denault: First and foremost the plants are safe Steve, what we wouldn't run them. I would say that the challenges that we face stem from a desire to run a lean operation and that lien operation meant to benefit our customers, we're getting the right balance between operational excellence and the cost structure. What we found obviously we had a couple of situations with clients going to call for what we found is that we potentially didn't get the balance as right as we want. And so to get ourselves up to the standards that we hold ourselves to and to the standards of the industry, we've got to change our strategy around how we operate the plants. As you know, we made organizational changes last year. It was six months ago we brought Chris and Chris's been responsible for developing with that strategy is. We've changed not only who it is but where reports where is it used reported to the COO, it now reports directly to me and so Chris and his team along with his discussions with people in the industry and with our regulators etcetera have devised this change in strategy to get ourselves up to where we need to be to meet our own standards and operational excellence standards of the of the industry.
Steven Fleishman: And would there be some filing at the NRC that goes through the full plan or is it going to be like plant by plant?
Leo Denault: There is no filing, we're just -- the only really filings will be when we include these in a retail regulatory these costs just like the cost of the new CCGT's and CT and AMI, these plans are vital to the reliability of the system. They provide over 30% of the energy used on our system. They are large base load zero emitting resource that's very valuable. They are anchors to the community in terms of tax base and jobs and community support. So these are very vital asset. They limit fuel volatility when you look at what could and has happened in the natural gas markets and reliance on natural gas of us and others. So they're very, very vital. They fit right in with the strategy that we've got everywhere else whether it's investing in CCGT's that reduce production costs and improve their emissions or whether it's looking at something in the gas and ground investment that would limit fuel volatility. So these assets fit right into our strategy, right into the need for our communities or customers and we just again have to change the strategy from that lien operations into one more focused a little bit more on operational excellence side of it and then we'll get right back on track. And again as I mentioned earlier we're going to use any special regulatory mechanisms and no special filings with the NRC. It's just us working through this process and getting right.
Steven Fleishman: And as their spending, part of that it sounds like higher ongoing stamping, part of this next three years is the way to split out between spending to fix the program where you want it to be versus spending that's just ongoing higher levels or ongoing higher levels.
Leo Denault: The way to look at it and obviously you got to remember too Steve, capital dollars are lumpy in these big plants and things like that, but the way we're looking at it is what's the take to run these plant and Chris's task has been to put together a plan what does it take to run the plant on an all in basis. And so we're doing that certainly getting ourselves out of column four and things like that are going to be important and those are costs that will go away but for the most part all that we've asked them to do was come up with capital plan required to put us in the operational excellence category that we want to be in this is it and we've included it all it. The plan we're going to use the regular regulatory mechanisms to recover it and as we mentioned earlier between our mitigating actions, between other things that are happening in the company like securitization roll-off through loan growth that we have in investments that we're making that lower cost, the impact on our customers going to be minimized as much of it can.
Steven Fleishman: And just one last thing Grande Golf can you just talk about what the outage is related to?
Chris Bakken: This is Chris again. First and foremost the Grande Golf is safe to operate, however reflecting on some of our equipment in human performance over the last several months that didn't meet our standards of excellence. So we've taken a decision to take the end of service. Systematically understand the performance shortfalls to excellence. We've training programs and some maintenance plans to correct that. It's well understood and we're in the process now of working through those issues and expect to have the unit back in service early part of next year.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Thank you, Liz and thank you all for participating this morning. Before we close we remind you to refer to our release and website for safe harbor and Regulation G compliance statements, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on November 9 and provides more detail and disclosures about financial statements. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing 855-859-2056 confirmation ID 85417477 and the telephone replay will be available until November 1. And this concludes our call. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Marsh - CFO and EVP David Borde - VP of IR William Mohl - President, Entergy Wholesale Commodity Leo Denault - Chairman & CEO Theodore Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Research Division Praful Mehta - Citigroup Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Entergy Corporation's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to David Borde, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than one question and one follow up. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the company's SEC filings. Management will also discuss non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations to the applicable GAAP measures are included in today's press release and slide presentation, both of which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. By any measure, this was a solid quarter. Strong growth in our core business, absent any impact of taxes or weather was coupled with significant accomplishment. We spent the first half of 2016 working to execute on our strategy and the results we are reporting today are a reflection of that work. We've made progress towards meeting our objective of steady predictable growth at the Utility, while reducing our EWC footprint. We delivered solid results through the first half of the year. Our Utility, Parent & Other adjusted earnings increased 35% this quarter versus last year and are in line with our growth expectations for our core business. Most importantly, we continue to set up the business to achieve our longer term targets. Our extensive 2016 to-do list on slide three is a road map of the execution of our strategy, and it's a good way to illustrate some of what we've accomplished. At the Utility, we received a favorable ALJ recommendation for the St. Charles Power Station. The result of the Entergy Louisiana request for proposal was announced with the self-build alternative and one long-term power purchase agreement selected. The self-build alternative was also selected in the Entergy Texas request for proposal. Entergy New Orleans filed for approval for a new gas-fired combustion turbine. Entergy Mississippi received a revenue increased under its first formula rate plan filing with forward-looking features. Entergy Louisiana made its 2015 test year formula rate plan filing. Entergy Arkansas made its first forward test year formula rate plan filing. Entergy Texas received approval on its transmission cost recovery Factor Rider. We received a confirmatory action letter from the NRC for ANO, and the letter is consistent with our expectation and we saw over 7% industrial growth versus last year. At EWC, we entered into negotiations for the sale of our FitzPatrick Nuclear Plant. Finally, weve met with many of you on our Analyst Day in June, where we highlighted our progress towards effectively shifting our investment profile to a pure-play utility. We're achieving this shift by continuing to invest in the Utility for the benefit of our customers, while maintaining reasonable rates. One of these investments is the St. Charles Power Station project, which received a favorable recommendation from the Administrative Law Judge in July. We expect the certification decision from the LPSC in August. We're encouraged with the ALJ's recommendation that the project serves the public convenience and necessity; it is in the public interest. The ALJ further recommends that Entergy Louisiana's decision to commence construction is prudent, and the selection of the project is consistent with the terms of the LPSC's market-based mechanisms order. We also continue to make progress for our plants for CCGT in Texas. In April, the RFP process resulted in the selection of the self-build alternative, and in the third quarter, we will begin the necessary filings for regulatory approval. We are on a similar path in Louisiana with the RFP process also resulted in the selection of the self-build alternative, and we expect to make the necessary regulatory filings in the third quarter. That same RFP result in the selection of a long-term power purchase agreement for an existing CCGT resource, and we also plan to seek approval of the PPA from the LPSC. Entergy New Orleans has filed an application with the New Orleans City Council seeking approval to build New Orleans PowerStation, the natural gas-fired combustion turbine plant at the existing Michoud site. This request follows the early June deactivations of our 1960's era of Michoud units 2 and 3. These units are a prime example of the aging infrastructure in our service territory. The decision to deactivate these units was based on economics, maintenance and operational considerations. A new plant will provide a long-term local resource that can meet the city's particular resource needs at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. We've requested strategic council approval by January 31, 2017. If approved as requested, the new plant is expected to be placed in service in the second half of 2019. These investments will provide more cost-effective, reliable and efficient generating resources for our customers. By building these plants, we will reduce the average age of our fleet and improve the heat rate in key areas of our system. For example, by 2025, in the low-tab region, we will have reduced the age of our fleet by approximately 19 years. Also when we meet south region, we will have reduced the age of our fleet by 18 years. And with new units operating at heat rates of less than 7,000, the efficiency of our fossil generation portfolio will be improved by roughly 800 BTUs years per TWH fleet-wide by 2025. Additionally, the new CCGT units will on average produce 41% fewer carbon dioxide emissions than our Legacy gas units. In addition to addressing our aging infrastructure, we also need to control fuel volatility in our customer's builds. Our nuclear assets are critical to this objective, as they provide valuable fuel diversity to our Utility fleet. The low volatility of nuclear fuel price effectively access a hedge against the high volatility of natural gas prices. Beyond fuel diversity, our nuclear assets also provide other significant benefits, as large scale virtually emissions-free resources, these assets minimize our environmental footprint around high-capacity factors and provide stable base load generation. Nuclear generation also offers a host of economic benefits and contributes to the financial health of the communities, in which these assets sit, including thousands of good-paying jobs, tax benefits to local state and federal governments and billions of dollars in economic output. Investing in the long-term sustainability of our existing nuclear assets to preserve these benefits for our four stakeholders is an important part of our utility strategy. We've drafted the framework for our nuclear sustainability plan that will preserve these benefits and that framework is now under external peer review. We're working on firming up the cost estimates and steps for implementation. We are currently on track with our commitment to provide you with more specifics at EEI this November. We also have a path forward at Arkansas Nuclear One. The NRC issued its confirmatory action letter shortly after our Analyst Day and adopted our proposed comprehensive recovery plan. The letter confirmed that the plan we developed will lead us to sustained performance improvement. We will work diligently to complete the agreed upon actions listed in the letter to the satisfaction of the NRC. We believe we will be able to demonstrate to the NRC our ability to exit Column IV as early as late 2017. However, our goal is not to simply exit Column IV, but to return to sustained operational excellence and to be considered one of the industry's strongest performers. We're rounding other generation portfolio with renewable and energy initiatives I talked about last quarter. Entergy New Orleans, solar generation project with battery storage technology was placed in-service in June. Entergy Arkansas's power purchase agreement will support construction. We have an 81-megawatt solar energy generating facility, which is expected to be completed in 2018. Entergy Mississippi's three new solar installations are online and capable of generating 500 KWH. And we have three renewable requests for proposals outstanding at Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans. In the Arkansas and New Orleans RFPs, bidders will have an opportunity to provide acquisition proposals, and New Orleans proposal also includes a self-build option. Proposals are due in August for the Arkansas and Louisiana RFPs and in October, for New Orleans RFP. Final selections will be made in December of 2016, February of 2017 and April of 2017 for Louisiana, Arkansas and New Orleans respectively. In addition to our generation supply plan, were also executing on our transmission investment plan. In Arkansas, we placed in-service a new 23 mile, 230 kV line and completed a new 500 kV substation to serve Big River Steel. These two projects represent over $100 million of investment. In Mississippi, we completed a new distribution substation and kicked off two new projects for another new substation and 115 kV line additions and upgrades. These new projects are expected to be in-service in 2017, in total, nearly $75 million of investment. And in Texas, we placed three major projects in-service between May and July, which totaled roughly $140 million in investment. These are just a few examples of major transmission projects that facilitate improved system reliability, compliance with NERC standards, enhanced economic development, all we do is transmission congestion. And all of these factors can ultimately contribute to a lower cost of service for our customers. At Analyst Day, we focused on investing in new technology to migrate towards a flexible, reliable and innovative integrated energy network. We're beginning the first phases of this process with advanced meters that changed the way we manage our distribution system, reducing operating costs and providing savings for customers. Since Analyst Day, we finalized our vendor and technology partners and have initiated the design phase of our project. Regulatory filings are expected to begin in September with the first filing to be made before the Louisiana Public Service Commission. Filings in other jurisdictions will follow. Advanced metering is a foundational technology that supports other technologies to reduce costs and provide customers greater control and options over their energy usage. We've initiated a great engineering study to assess the best path forward, incorporating these technologies and then integrate it to energy network for each of the operating companies. We will provide more information in due course. These investments in technology and infrastructure deliver the same benefits as our more traditional investment in generation and transmission, namely a more efficient electric system with enhanced electric reliability and reduced environmental footprint and reduced cost to serve our customers. Over the past couple of years, we've improved our regulatory constructs to give us the ability to make investments that support economic development, create jobs, improve reliability in our systems and reduce our environmental impact. With many of those constricts now in place, we've moved into a rhythm of filing annual formula rate plans. Entergy Mississippi received an order approving a revenue increase for its first FRP filing with forward-looking features and rate adjustments were implemented at the end of June. Entergy Louisiana made its 2015 test year FRP filing at the end of May. And last month, Entergy Arkansas made its first FRP filing with a forward test year. And at Entergy Texas, we've been working on the implementation of the transmission cost recovery factor. We received approval on this rider in late June and recovery of transmission spend through this rider will relate back to April 14th. I'll take a moment now to talk briefly about EWC, starting with an update on Pilgrim, which is currently preparing for its NRC inspection. Many of the same team members who put together the comprehensive recovery plan for ANO are working on the plan for Pilgrim. We expect to be ready for the NRC to conduct its inspection this fall with the confirmatory action letter potentially to be issued in the spring. And finally, in mid-July, we announced that we are in discussion with Exelon on the sale of our FitzPatrick Nuclear Plant. The opportunity to change the future FitzPatrick has a significant positive impact on our employees and the surrounding communities, and we're willing to consider any viable option to keeping the plant to open. In that spirit, we applaud The New York PSC's decision to adopt the Clean Energy Standard Program. It is a critical component of a potential transaction. We are reviewing the order to confirm it addresses the issues we'd hoped, but at this point, we are very encouraged. As negotiations for a sale continue, we continue to proceed along two parallel paths, preparing for the plants permanent shutdown and decommissioning under the current plan while also preparing for a possible refueling in continued operation in the event of the sale. We are hopeful that negotiations can be completed this month. Regardless of the outcome, our focus continues to be on the safe and reliable operation of the plant for as long as it continues to operate. We will also do our best to support our employees in the community throughout this transition, whether that leads to a sale to a new owner or the safe shutdown and decommissioning of the plant. I'd like to thank our hundreds of employees at FitzPatrick, who continue to do their best work every day to run the plant safely and reliably amid the uncertainty of the plants future and the additional burden of preparing for two possible paths forward. They continued to show a first rate level of professionalism, dedication and hard work throughout this time of transition. What I've said so far you can see that we've accomplished a lot to achieve our objectives, and our employees continue to do so by meeting our obligations to the communities we serve. These communities are home to both our customers and our employees, along with our owners represent our four key stakeholders. When we buy serving all four of our stakeholders are we truly successful. In just the last few weeks, we've received recognition from three different organizations for a civic-minded approach to doing business. First, I'm proud to say that Entergy Corporation was recently named to the Civic 50, an initiative of points of light, honoring the 50 most community-minded companies in the nation. Being named to the Civic 50 acknowledges the number of ways our employees power life for all of our stakeholders. Our team members not only provide reliable and affordable electric power and gas to customers, but also actively support strategic initiatives that support improved educational and employment opportunities, boost economic development and protect the environment. Its also been awarded the Pro Patria Award from the Employer Support of the Garden Reserve Louisiana Committee for promoting supportive work environments for members of the National Guard and Reserve. And finally, our legal department was recently named the Recipient of 2016 Pro Bono Partner Award from the Pro Bono Institute. This national award recognizes innovative team approaches to pro bono work involving in-house legal departments. In a partnership with the Louisiana Civil Justice Center and the Orleans Parish Civil District Court, our lawyers helped to establish and staffed the self-help Resource Center. We are pleased that with the assistance of our law department, the Self-Help Resource Center has to date been able to serve more than 10,000 vulnerable citizens who otherwise would not have access to legal assistance. Each of these awards shows that we view our company as part of a broader community. In its recent study conducted by Market Strategies International, Entergy was designated a Most Trusted Brand in 2016, ranking first among electric utilities. Our employees work hard every day to earn the trust of our customers in our border communities. I'd also like to acknowledge the nearly 3,200 workers who helped with our recent storm restoration efforts. Severe storms, lighting and high winds left 170,000 customers in Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi without power, roughly 800 of our own Entergy employees partnered with 2,500 linemen, vegetation workers and support personnel of 15 states. Power was restored to more than 90% of the affected customers in less than three days. Times like these are when our people truly shine. These and other actions we take every day are the way that we power life. In summary, this was a very solid quarter. Our financial results with our adjusted utility parent and other earning increasing 35% versus last year and our accomplishments toward implementing our investment plan to benefit customers and our continued strategic actions at EWC provide a clear path toward our objectives. Our results for the first half of 2016 have demonstrated our ability to continue to execute on our strategy. And so with our objectives for strategy firmly in place, we continue down this path to pursue steady predictable growth of the Utility, while reducing the EWC footprint. For the second half of 2016, we look forward to continuing to deliver solid results for each of our four stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with the key takeaways on slide four. Quickly pointing to the top right corner for our core business, Utility, Parent & Other adjusted earnings for the quarter came in strong, 35% above last year and in line with what we expected. As you may recall, our adjusted view removes special items, weather and tax effects. Our full-year view of Utility, Parent & Other adjusted earnings remains on target with our original guidance. Looking at the bottom left corner, EWC operational results were essentially flat after normalizing income taxes. Turning to details beginning on slide five, the blue bars show our consolidated operational earnings, which were $3.11 per share in the current period. This compares to $0.83 a year ago. This quarter's results were higher than last year due to a few factors, most significant of which was income taxes, which increased earnings about $2 per share net of customers sharing. While these tax items are beneficial and we previously discussed their potential, they were not included in our original guidance due to their uncertainty. In the current period, as reported results included special items related to EWC nuclear plants that we've identified to close, these special items include a portion of the proceeds we received during the quarter for DOE litigation as we talked about at Analyst Day in June, as well as severance and retention costs and capital spending, which were expensed because the plants are impaired. Operational earnings per share for Utility, Parent & Other increased $0.92 quarter-over-quarter, shown on slide six. Looking at the orange bars, on an adjusted view, excluding the effects of weather and income tax items, Utility, Parent & Other results increased $0.31. This growth reflects rate actions to recover productive investment that benefit customers and improves returns. Specific drivers include the Union Power Station acquisition and Entergy Arkansas rate case. Also contributing to the earnings increase was a non-fuel O&M expense, which declined on lower fossil spending and decreased compensation and benefits expense. Utility, Parent & Other's increased and as reported income included $0.68 for income taxes, net of approximately $0.06 for additional customer sharing reflected in that revenue. During the quarter, weve resolved tax matters within the 2010, 2011 audit. As a result, we recognize tax items totaling approximately $135 million. Though these tax items come up after other businesses purposes, they are important to us because they provide real benefits. For example, tax sharing has reduced customer bills more than $300 million over the past 14 years. Turning to EWC's second quarter results, summarized on slide seven, operational earnings were $1.34 in the current quarter compared to a slight loss a year ago. A $238 million reduction in income tax expense from the tax collection accounted for virtually all of EWC's earnings this quarter. Excluding this item, EWC's earnings would have been $0.01, slightly higher than last year. Effects from 2015 impairments and lower non-fuel O&M expense were largely offset by lower prices and volume for EWC's nuclear fleet. Slide eight shows operating cash flow this quarter of $719 million, slightly lower than the same quarter in 2015. Our 2016 earnings guidance is summarized on slide nine. As you can see, we are affirming our original guidance for Utility, Parent & Other and adjusted EPS of $4.20 to $4.50, with expectations still around the middle of the guidance range. As we mentioned at Analyst Day, weve improved incremental nuclear spending for this year, we expect to mitigate those costs with a number of items across the business. This is reflected in our affirmation of 2016 guidance today. We are also updating our consolidated Entergy operational guidance range of $6.60 to $7.40 for the $7 per share midpoint. This update is due largely to the income tax items recorded in the second quarter. Absent those tax items and consistent with our previous discussions, wed expect to be around the bottom of the original guidance range due primarily to the unfavorable weather, the extended outage of Indian Point 2, and lower market prices. To be clear, we do not expect additional significant income taxes for the remainder of this year. I'll also note that while industrial sales growth has been strong at 6.7% for the first half of the year, we expect that to taper off in the second half of 2016, particularly from our biggest segment, Refiners, as they ran very well in the third and fourth quarters of last year, and they're expected to have a number of maintenance outages this fall. In addition, you may recall that high product inventory levels and a strong dollar contributed to a temporary negative industrial growth in the second quarter of last year. Similar macro factors and supply/demand rebalancing in oil markets may present challenges for US refiners in the fall. As a reminder, fixed demand charges represent about 50% of our industrial revenue and to an extent we see volatility in sales from existing large industrial customers, the revenue impact should be small. Beyond the fall, we continue to see new and expanding customer growth for the next few years. Moving to the longer term view, Slide 10 shows our adjusted Utility, Parent & Other outlook for 2017 through 2019, which is unchanged. I'll reiterate that our current outlook reflects pension discount rate assumptions from earlier in the year, which were 4.75% at 2017, 5% in '18 and 5.25% in '19. As a point of reference, our recent forward test year FRP filing for Entergy Arkansas assumed a 4.25% pension discount rate in 2017. If you looked at the market today, that rate would be closer to 4% or perhaps even lower. Also, 2017, 2018 and 2019 do not currently include the effects of the Nuclear Sustainability Plan or expected mitigations in rate treatment. As Leo said, investing in the long-term sustainability of our existing nuclear assets to preserve the benefit of nuclear for our stakeholders is an important part of the Utility strategy. We are working to identify the cost mitigations, but to the extent we are not completely successful, by the time we get to 2019, we will have gone through a rate proceeding in each of the affected jurisdictions, and we believe that these prudently incurred costs and expected mitigations should be reflected in rates. As such, our long-term earnings plan, 2019 and beyond, should not be significantly affected by the Nuclear Sustainability Plan. As we committed at Analyst Day, we will provide a full update, including all of these items at EEI later this year. Slide 11 provides EWC's EBITDA outlook assuming market prices as of the end of the quarter. Our current estimates reflect market prices as of June 30. And as you know, prices have come down a bit since then. Before I close, I'd like to highlight two items. Last week, Moody's Investor Services changed Entergy Mississippi's rating outlook to positive from stable. Moody's specifically noted EMI successful implementation of its formula rate plan with forward-looking features. Moody's views the FRP as a significant credit positive since it provide a dependable and clear framework for timely operating cost recovery. Also during the quarter, we completed several re-financings, issuing $840 million of operating company debt and average coupon of 3.1%. The majority of the issuances were economic re-financings, which replaced about $660 million to debt with an average rate of 6.1%, creating annual interest savings of about $20 million pretax. These interest savings will help offset the effect of the potentially lower-than-planned pension discount rate. As Leo mentioned, results through the first half of the year have been solid and in line with our growth expectations for our core Utility, Parent & Other business. That said, we know we still have work to do to achieve our longer-term aspirations, and we will continue to work toward that end. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Securities.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Shah.
Shahriar Pourreza: So, this may be a little bit semantics, but I thought at the Analyst Day you highlighted that expectation for '16 should sort of be at the midpoint to top end of expectations when you're accounting for tax benefits, especially when you think about today's results and relatively warm July, and you still expect to come in sort of at the midpoint. So is there something that's coming in weaker-than-expected since the Analyst Day?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew, Shah. I think at Analyst Day, we tried to guide towards the bottom end of our original guidance range absent the taxes, and I think if you add the tax back, you'll find that - as I guess if you take it out the new guidance range, you'll find we're kind of backed down at the bottom of our original guidance range is where we've been talking about for a little bit of time now. With the taxes, I think at Analyst Day, we tried to say that there were a number of things in the hopper that could take us to the top of the range or potentially even over the range, which is, I think the way we described it. But I think that's outside of those things, I think we're still about in the same area that we were describing at Analyst Day.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Super helpful. And then just lastly on the sustainability plan, it's great that you have a schedule - you sort of have a framework there and you're on schedule to provide kind of numbers at EEI, but since there's a framework there, is there anything that you can just provide directionally or sort of are the expectations still within the hundreds of millions of cost that you discussed at the Analyst Day briefly?
Leo Denault: Yeah, Shah, this is Leo. We're not really going to give more detail about that. As I mentioned, we've got a framework. We really got the outline of the plan really well in hand. Chris and his team have been working it, it passed their peer review check as hed mentioned in his outline at our Analyst Day, and we're on track to be able to provide you the numbers as well as what we think the impact is going to be based on our mitigations strategies and regulatory recovery, et cetera.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks. Congrats on the solid results.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Want to dive a little further into the Nuclear Sustainability program, and the only reason why I ask is when we talk to other companies, a lot of other companies - and in fact, the Nuclear Energy Institute at its annual briefing, spent a lot of time on this as well talking about being able to take cost out of the Nuclear business, meaning to keep the reliability levels elevated in the 90%, 91% range, but to be able to reduce cost, and that seems to be an industry-wide effort. It seems your disclosure over the last six to nine months is actually in the opposite direction in terms of the cost structure. And can you just talk a little bit about what makes Entergy different than the rest of effectively the US nuclear industry in that regard? Do you view this as a temporary issue? Do you view this as a multi-year, three to five, five to seven year issue? And what got you to this point relative to where it seems like the industry trade group is talking about?
Leo Denault: Yeah, Michael, I'll just briefly - again, I'm not going to get into sustainability plan until the way to give you the details of it, and that will be later in the year in the EEI, and we are participating with the industry in all of those analyses of the nuclear promise, et cetera. And so, all of that will be part of our thinking when we look at the plan, but the - with situation we have with a couple of units in Column 4, our operations haven't been up to our expectations, and so we're working to make sure that we put in place a plan that sustains the ability for us, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to once again be considered one of the top performers in the industry. And that's really where we are trying to get to is move from where we are to top performer, but we are also obviously participating with all the industry-wide efforts, nuclear promise as you mentioned, and other things as well.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Do you feel this is as more capital intensive or is this more kind of operating cost intensive?
Andrew Marsh: Michael, as we said at Analyst Day, it will be somewhat above, but again, I'm going to defer giving any details until we get to November.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Last thing, can you just - I want to make sure, Drew, I understood your comments when kind of going through some of the puts and takes on multi-year guidance. Pension, a headwind, I think that's a headwind for everybody in the industry that didn't have a pension tracker, the nuclear sustainability program a headwind, the tailwind is offsetting these are obviously your above average expected demand growth levels and the move to more formula rate plans and kind of more formulaic revenue increase programs. Anything I'm leaving out in those three or four items kind of puts and takes?
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, I think we are aggressively looking for ways to offset some of these costs with the other things in the business. I mentioned interest rates helping offset some of the pension costs, right. That's a bit of a double-edged sword, but we are looking high and low within the business to find other offsets, and there's little bits and pieces here and there that are going to help us out. Insurances is helping us out a little bit this year and we think it will help us some going forward. There are other O&M areas that we're looking at. Depreciations been a bit helpful this year. So, I think there's just a number of things that are out there that we're trying to turn over every rock right now to make sure we mitigate as much of the expected headwinds as you're describing them as possible. And that's our objective, to make sure that we get to appoint in the fall where we can update you and try to maintain those same guidance ranges. And then, as I mentioned, and you were alluding to, we do have rate actions over the next few years planned that we think we'll get it back to a point where we can be a step beyond track for 2019 and beyond.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Drew. Much appreciate it.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank, you may begin.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick one, can you remind us what the sort of critical timelines are on the FitzPatrick decision, the shot versus sale? And maybe if there is - is there a fat path now that you have the CEC, which is stay open and not sell?
Leo Denault: Well, let me just get to the last one. I don't know that there's a stay open and not sell option necessarily, but the other two are certainly what we're working for. The last thing we need to do is create a third path for people have to start working down, but Bill, why dont you go ahead and talk about where was it.
William Mohl: Sure. So, Jonathan, obviously, yesterday's order was a step in the right direction as it related to the CES and putting a value on this ex in New York, so between now and the end of the month, we need to be able to successfully negotiate a deal with Exelon, so a commercial arrangement, and then there obviously are a number of regulatory approvals that will have to take place in order to have assurances that the transaction will move forward, largely those our state-driven. If in the event that all those regulatory approvals are met, then we would proceed down the path with Exelon and then the plant would be refueled in January. If we're unable to reach commercial agreements with Exelon or we're not able to achieve those regulatory approvals, we'll begin the regular decommissioning process and stay on the same path that we have previously been on. But as Leo pointed out, we are - there are no plans to continue to run the plant under Entergy ownership as we've made a commitment to reduce the size of the EWC footprint and that would not be consistent with that strategy.
Jonathan Arnold: So, January refuel helping to reach an agreement by the end of August, that you need some approvals in the interim, is there a date sort of somewhere in the middle there which - by which you really need those approvals that's sooner than January?
William Mohl: Yeah, Jonathan, that's something thats still in flux right now, so we're working through that and I really can't comment on the details.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, great. Thank you for the extra color. And then secondly, shall I ask on the EWC, you said this was a tax election, can you give a little more color as to what you've elected and what that cash impact is best to say - what does it meant for earnings?
Andrew Marsh: Well, Jonathan, it's a restructuring for tax purposes and it builds off of work that we've done over the past 15 years in the tax area. And it's going to be part of the 2016 audit cycle, but based on private letter rulings that we received in the past, legal opinions that we received, audit settlements that we've made, we believe that this is the appropriate way to go about accounting for the restructuring that we have, and well work through that with the IRS over the next few years.
Jonathan Arnold: And can you comment on the cash timing?
Andrew Marsh: The cash timing, as you know, we have low-cash taxes right now, and we would expect to keep those. We've talked about a 10% kind of targeted cash tax rate from here on out, but from here on through our current forecasting period, we would expect that to be about the same.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley, you may begin.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: I want to talk about the power-demand outlook for residential and commercial that we've been seeing some fairly low numbers there, some negative numbers. In your view, what are some of the drivers, both negative and positive that you're looking at that could cause either surprise to the upside or the downside? What sort of the prospects for those changing to be more supportive, more positive? Any big drivers that you see or is it really hard to extrapolate just from a couple of quarters?
Theodore Bunting: Stephen, this is Theo. I think your last comment is probably [indiscernible] extrapolate from just the last couple of quarters. I mean clearly, as weve talked about on other calls, as other utilities also - we see the effects of energy efficiency, both at the state level and through different federal law guidelines having impacts. And we feel like our usage per customer starting - it's been on a decline again, I think consistent with what we've seen with the industry. We've started to see some flattening out relative to that. And I think also you have the macroeconomic impacts from a demand perspective, and I think as you go forward, the macroeconomic impacts clearly would be the first that youd point to in terms of positives as you could change that. If you look through our region and you look at our gross state product forecast, we saw a kind of a downward trend over the past year or so. We see that starting to pick back up and clearly that materialize, you could see some positive impacts as it relates to that, but we'll continue to see impacts around energy efficiency as we go forward. And as we get further through the year, especially the third quarter, because it's one of our largest quarters from a sales perspective, I think we'll have a better perspective and point of view around what we think the longer term trend will take us.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, understood. And then wanted to shift to Indian Point and just check on the status on the newer PUC investigation into the automatic shut down there, would it be possible to get an update in terms of where that stands and what the next steps are in that investigation?
William Mohl: Yes, Stephen, this is Bill. That investigation continues, really have nothing new to report. We have fully cooperated with the state, but I'm not aware of any specific milestones associated with that investigation.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning. Hi, Leo. Just at a high level, any thought process on how the New York ruling might affect your views on Indian Point? And maybe way out of the box, any thought on chances that something like this could happen in Massachusetts with Pilgrim?
Leo Denault: Well, certainly, there's no push for something like this in Massachusetts at the moment. The - as far as it relates to what's going on with Indian Point, as we understand it, the way the proposal has shifted, it went from excluding Indian Point to potentially including it. Meet certain criteria with the next couple of years, so we view that as positive. We don't think that clean air should be discriminatory about where it shows up in the state, so certainly, that could, down the road, cut off the bat tales as it might be in terms of pricing related to Indian Point, given the criteria that the plant be financially challenged, et cetera, to qualify for the program. But other than that, it's really too early to say what it might be for the Indian Point. And again, there's really no push for something similar in Massachusetts that I'm aware of.
Steve Fleishman: One other question with this role. My recollection is that you guys actually challenged a contract with the Dunkirk plant in New York that might argue have some similarities to this rule. So I'm curious how you differentiate the legal support for this will versus that Dunkirk plant?
Leo Denault: Steven, in general, we think it's different because this order places a value on the attribute associated with zero emissions at the generation as opposed to more of a contact for differences that was associated with Dunkirk litigation.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then another question just on the kind of - and Leo, you laid out a lot of different programs you're doing, could you just remind kind of any of the things that you're talking about that may not already be in your current capital plans supporting the growth for 2019?
Leo Denault: Yes, Steven. And they're certainly not everything that we would have - that we would likely identify associated with integrated energy network. There is probably more out there associated with that. It think we referenced toward the backend or beyond that time horizon we've been talking at Analyst Day. We mentioned the 6 billion to 8 billion number at that point in time, but that, obviously, goes out beyond the period we're talking here now. Also in the world of gas price volatility, et cetera, where there's nothing in there for anything, we might do the hedge that if you were to include investments in the like and the potential for where we come out and some of the renewable RFPs, et cetera. So when you get to the back-end and certainly and beyond it, there's a significant amount of other things that we're investigating that could be part of the capital program in addition to what we need. And again, as we've mentioned before, we've got a pretty solid generation and transmission capital program. And were doing that from a position, as we've mentioned before, be in short generation and across the system. And we would continue to anticipate that, that would be short across the system as we go forward in these capital investments create a significant amount of benefits to our customers and as it relates to reduced congestion, lower production cost, lower emissions, you name it, particularly given the age of our fleet, these things are really, really beneficial to our customers.
Steve Fleishman: Great. One last quick one on the pension discount rate, my recollection from the Analyst Day was that a 50-basis-point move is like a $0.14 a share sensitivity. Is that still correct? Do I hear it right?
Andrew Marsh: I think our rule of thumb is $0.06 for every 25 basis points for Entergy overall. And so it's, I guess, $0.12 for 50 basis points. And then about 3/4 of that is Utility. The other quarter is EWC.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Praful Mehta with Citi Mac.
Praful Mehta: A big question again on FitzPatrick. And in terms of how we should think about the sales price, given the price of the nuclear credit is pretty clear and for insurers, how are you kind of looking at what is the adequate consideration you should be getting from for the sale? Is it the value of the MTV of those cash flow? Is there something else? Is there another threshold you're looking at in terms of the recovery of additional cost? Any kind of benchmarks we should be thinking about there?
Andrew Marsh: Well, Praful, as you might guess right now, that's between us and Exelon. And I appreciate the question. There's just no way I can comment.
Praful Mehta: All right. Fair enough. Okay. So, I guess on the tax impact that you had at EWC, I just wanted to understand, is there any reason why it's not included like from a one-time versus an operating earnings basis? Is there something we should be thinking about that item, the $1.33? Why it's not included from a one-time operating income perspective?
Theodore Bunting: Well, I mean, we pointed out and tried to make it very clear where the number is and what the impact is, but taxes are something that we work on every day just like every other line item in the income statement. So we consider taxes to be an operational item. Now having said that, particularly in Utility where we are targeting steady predictable growth, we want to make sure it's very clear where the tax are falling out, so we're providing an adjusted number for you. But we do think taxes are part of operational earnings, and we would never call them out as a special items.
Praful Mehta: Okay. And then just quickly on Indian Point, in terms of asset life today as we think about valuing Indian Point, is there any different view today you have, given what's happening in New York in terms of how you would view the asset life of Indian Point?
Leo Denault: Well, we've always viewed that we're on a path towards relicensing of the plant. I think what we - with what we've seen in New York, I would mentioned that with the CES does, if that goes through as planned, it certainly provides a backstop for - against lower prices while during the course of the program. So it's not nearly necessarily what the life of it issue is as much as maybe probability distribution of prices that it would receive.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps to follow-up on the last series of questions, if you will, for Indian Point, is there a potential here to eventually transact - does this call it backstop against lower prices, make it more of a transactable asset or what do you see as the strategic fit of Indian Point given the added visibility or certainty provided by potential here?
Leo Denault: From a strategic point standpoint, Julian, we're still - as I mentioned in my remarks and we mentioned at Analyst Day and we've been mentioning for several years now, our views is that the business should be separate. And we've been proceeding down that path for the last several years. The only thing that changes from time to time is the methodology we would use. So for example, we look at New England and something like from [indiscernible], for example, separation came about because prices didn't support the economics of the plant, and we were forced into shutting it down to the extent that something becomes transactable as part of that separation, certainly that's a preferable route as it was with the Rhode Island State Energy Center when we sold that and if we're successful to sell Fitzpatrick. So I'll say it again, it does impact, I would guess, the probability distribution of prices it might receive. We still believe that we're going to get the plant relicensed, so that we'd indicate a long life of the plant. And then the other aspect it was always - has always been part of transacting, which was part of the benefit with regulatory approvals that we would require to get something done. All those are the same. We're just incrementally changing the dynamic as we proceed down the licensing pathway to be successful or if something like this occurs where, again, it changes the downside price risk.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to be clear about this, the CapEx that's contemplated or that you're preparing for EEI, does the development in New York changed at all, either with respect to FitzPatrick and or refilling and/or Indian Point to be clear?
Leo Denault: Those would be part of the mix when we look at what we're going to do, but again, we're not going to save that more detail until we get there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates, you may begin.
Paul Patterson: I just want to sort of follow up a little bit on [indiscernible] question. I wasn't completely clear on what was the driver of the tax benefit at EWC? Was there a revaluation of some sort or recognition of the liability? Just what is it that triggered this tax benefit?
Andrew Marsh: Ultimately ends up being a stop up in basis form for some of our nuclear assets and liabilities that are sitting at EWC, Paul.
Paul Patterson: A step up in tax basis?
Andrew Marsh: Yes.
Paul Patterson: And that's driven by what?
Andrew Marsh: It's driven by the restructuring in the transaction, again, recognized through the transaction. It was recognized - I think from a tax perspective, it's deemed to be transferred when you make that reelection that we're talking about.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So it's associated with FitzPatrick, is that?
Andrew Marsh: I do think we've said where it's associated.
Paul Patterson: Thanks so much on the rest of my questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the call over to David Borde for closing remarks.
David Borde: Shannon, and thanks for all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due to the SEC on August 9 and provides more detail and disclosures about our financial statements. Please note that the events that occurred prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing 855-859-2056. Confirmation ID 85416349, and the telephone replay will be available until August 9, and this concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Borde - VP, Investor Relations Leo Denault - Chairman and CEO Andrew Marsh - CFO Bill Mohl - President, Entergy Wholesale Commodities
Analysts: Roselynn Armstrong - Barclays Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Praful Mehta - Citigroup Brian Chin - Merrill Lynch Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Unidentified Analyst - Firm
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2016 Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, David Borde, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Borde: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault, and then Drew Marsh, our CFO will review the results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. On todays call, management will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the companys SEC filings.
Leo Denault: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. This quarter was a good start to another important year for Entergy. We accomplished what we set out to do by successfully executing on our to-do list. We closed the acquisition of the Union Power Station, finalized our Arkansas rate case, received a final order in our distribution cost recovery factor filing in Texas, held our first FRP with forward-looking features in Mississippi, completed the A&O in our SEA inspection, received confirmation from the New York ISO that the shutdown of FitzPatrick will not affect reliability in the region, saw over 6% industrial sales growth versus last year, and today, we are reporting first quarter operational earnings per share of $1.35 above what we expected. Well, that's a good start. You're also aware that it's early in the year and we face challenges ahead. But we are confident that we can manage these and deliver on our earnings commitments for the year as well as our adjusted utility, parent and other long-term outlook. Our results for this quarter or the outcome of the strategy we have been pursuing for some time to create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders in 2016 and beyond. At the utility, investing to benefit customers, while maintaining competitive rates with ready access to capital in timely and predictable investment recovery, which provides the financial flexibility we need to make these investments. And at EWC continuing to reduce our footprint to limit exposure from assets not supported by the market. We've already materially reduced our size, risk and volatility through the sale of the Rhode Island State Energy Center and shutdown of Vermont Yankee. This trend will only accelerate as Pilgrim and FitzPatrick come offline. We will continue to emphasize safe operations, regulatory compliance and commercial diligence at all sites. If you turn your attention to our to-do list on slide three. On March 3rd, we closed the acquisition of the Union Power Station. This acquisition has built an important driver in achieving 2016 earnings expectation and also one more important step in our broader plan to modernize our fleet and provide lower cost reliable generation for our customers. Recovery of the cost of this investment in Arkansas, Louisiana and New Orleans effectively began simultaneously with the transactions closed. Thanks to a collaborative agreement between our team, our regulators and other participants who recognize the benefits of this investment for our customers. Another important component of our supply plan is building the St. Charles Power Station. The hearing at the LPSC began April 18th and is expected to conclude today. Thus, we expect that the LPSC will be able to take up the certification decision in August. This is an important investment to serve our customers in Louisiana and as an example of the infrastructure development that we are undertaking to position the utility for the future. Beyond generation, we also continue to make significant progress in providing benefits to our customers through our transmission investments. We officially kicked off Entergy Louisianas Lake Charles Transmission project with a wire cutting ceremony in March. Once completed, this $159 million project will support continue reliability and service to our rapidly growing area and our service directory. On the regulatory front, we've also made progress towards better aligning the timing of our investments with the needs of our customers going forward. This will improve access to the capital needed to make the investments required to enhance reliability and capability of our system and provide lower cost, more environmentally friendly sources of generation for the benefit of our customers. This ultimately supports economic development in our service territory, which strengthens communities, creates jobs and brings more financial stability to the regions we support. This quarter, we filed our concluded several major proceedings. First, we received the final order in our Arkansas rate case and rate adjustments became effective on February 24th. We'll make our first rate plan filing in July under the new framework using the future test year, which will bring more predictability and strength in Entergy Arkansas' financial profile. This new regulatory structure as a result of collaboration among the broad group of stakeholders, it will help us be a stronger partner to attract jobs and economic expansion to Arkansas. Last month, Moodys acknowledged this view with an upgrade to Entergy Arkansas long-term rating. Entergy Mississippi has also begun to utilize its new formula rate plan with forward-looking features made its first filing on March 15th. The filing reflects an anticipated earned ROE for the 2016 test year that is below the FRP bandwidth indicating a $32.6 million rate increase to a point within the FRP bandwidth that reflects a 9.96% earned ROE. A final order on that filing is expected before the end of the second quarter with the resulting rate adjustments to become effective around mid-year. In mid-February, the administrative law judge issued a proposal for decision with the Public Utility Commission of Texas on our transmission cost recovery filing based on the proposal for decision, we estimate $10 million to $11 million annual recovery on transmission spend incremental to base rates. Use of this writer, along with the distribution cost writer, we have been utilizing since January of 2016 will bring us greater financial flexibility to support the needs of our customers in Texas. The Louisiana Commission also recently opened two generic dockets on income tax and corporate structure questions. The dockets were initiated in response to specific commissioner concerns regarding the CLECO transactions and the implications of that transaction structure on Texas in rate making. While the dockets are generic and in fact, all LPSC jurisdiction of utilities, we believe that the scope of the documents will be narrowly focused on those types of structures that give rise to the dockets and not on broader policy issues like tax normalization, where tax related matters previously approved by the Louisiana Public Service Commission. Furthermore, we've worked constructively and transparently with the LPSC on tax related matters. The LPSC is permitted with our tax positions, which have resulted in significant benefits to our customers. The commission has two items regarding the CLECO transactions on its business and executive session agenda on April 28th, and we are hopeful they will take that opportunity to clarify the scope of these dockets. We do not expect significant effects for ELL as a result of these dockets. Finally, we carefully monitor the effects of investments in rate actions on our customers' bills, which today remain on average 20% to 25% below the national average. In fact, our average residential rates remain below $0.10 per kilowatt hour. Looking forward, we continue to explore solutions that will meet our customer's changing expectations in the evolving landscape of the utility industry. By introducing new technologies and renewable energy resources, we can build a grid that is cleaner, more resilient and affordable and provides innovative opportunities in the way we interact and generate power for the benefit of all of our customers. We are active on the renewables front with solar pilot programs underway in Mississippi, New Orleans and Arkansas. Entergy Mississippi has completed three solar installations in three different locations, each capable of generating 500 kilowatts. Entergy New Orleans has begun construction of the one megawatt solar generation project with state-of-the-art battery storage technology. And Entergy Arkansas has entered into a power purchase agreement to facilitate construction of an 81 megawatt solar generating facility, which could be online as early as 2018. These are the first steps towards assessing feasibility of utility scale solar generation, a resource that provides one way to help meet our voluntary commitment to stabilize our carbon dioxide emissions and reduce our environmental footprint. At the same time in 2015, our existing generating fleet continue to produce electricity at one of the lowest carbon dioxide emission rates in the United States. We are building on these pilot programs and we've initiated three new requests for proposals for renewable side generation resources to help meet long-term resource planning objectives in our service territory. These RFPs are seeking up to 200 megawatts of capacity for Louisiana, 100 megawatts for Arkansas and 20 megawatts for New Orleans. Beyond pilot programs, we've also created a commercial development and innovation team dedicated to evaluating and integrating other new technologies in our operating model. That team focuses on addressing customer needs and expectations through product and service innovation, technology deployment and alternative service models and also research and development, enabling technologies that enhance the distribution grid and provide higher servicing and reliability for all of our customers. For example, as I mentioned last quarter, we are moving forward with the process to install advanced meters in our distribution system. At our Analyst day in June, we'll give you more details around the next steps for deployment of advanced meters and similar to our approach for our supply plan back in 2014, we'll provide the initial strokes around the broader plans for other potential grid modernization efforts to be followed with more details overtime. I'll take a moment now to talk about initiatives to improve our nuclear operations. First of all, our plants are safe. If they weren't they would not be running. This past year, the performance of our nuclear fleet as a whole was not in line with our standards. Operational excellence is integral to our business model in a core competency, we must maintain to maximize value for all of our stakeholders. We have made it a top priority in 2016 to strengthen the culture of operational excellence throughout our organization. I'd like to extend my thanks to Tim Mitchell, who started this, down this path as our interim Chief Nuclear Officer and welcome Chris Bakken, who has officially joined us as Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer, reporting directly to me, Chris will now lead these efforts in the nuclear organization. In January, as part of a comprehensive fleet-wide performance improvement plan, we formed a corporate event response team with industry assessments around best practices and increased engagement with all stakeholders. We are evaluating nuclear operations across our fleet from top to bottom and we continue to evaluate the need for process changes at each individual plant. And it's not just about column four, our main long-term objective is sustained operational excellence across our fleet. This could result in incremental nuclear spending and we are working hard to mitigate any financial implications. At A&O, NRC completed its supplemental inspection and announced those results at a public meeting earlier this month. The NRC is confident that the problems have been identified and a comprehensive plan is being implemented to correct them. The NRC is expected to issue a confirmatory action letter in the next several weeks and we plan to give you an update at Analyst Day. Finally, its important to emphasize that the NRC did recognize that the plan is safe to continue power operations and that the actions taken to-date have further improved the margin of safety not only at A&O, but at all of our other nuclear facilities. Pilgrim is also working toward process improvements and the NRC will complete a supplementary inspection of that plant that will focus on the corrective action program weaknesses that resulted in entry into column IV and the safety culture assessment. We will inform the NRC when we are ready for that inspection, which we expect to be in the second-half of this year. Also after careful consideration of the circumstances surrounding the plants operations, we intend to refuel the plant in spring of 2017 and run the plant safety to its current capacity market commitments with the ISO New England until the plant shutdown date of May 31st, 2019. At any point, we are committed to resolving performance deficiencies and ensuring recovery and plant performance. We performed in completed comprehensive inspections during our planed refueling outage at unit 2. We detected additional work involving [indiscernible], which were fully addressed before restarting the plant. Subject to the completion of engineering analysis, we expect to be done with the additional work and have the plant back online around late June. Finally, we remained focused on safely operating the FitzPatrick plant through January 27th, 2017 followed by a safe shutdown and eventual decommissioning of the facility. The decisions to shut down assets are very difficult. We are proud of our employees who remain focused on safe operations and finishing strong. I'll reiterate our commitment to support them and the communities affected by the difficult decisions we've made for these plants. Speaking of the communities we serve, we recognize that we play an important role as a corporate citizen in every region, where we operate and our core values resonate in the ways we support our communities. Improving education and economic opportunities for customers in our communities is one way we demonstrate our commitment. It's part of a five-year, $5 million initiative to support workforce development training, we made a $250,000 grant jobs for Americas graduates. This program equips at risk SKUs with the skills needed to transition successfully to careers or college addressing critical workforce needs, closing skills gaps and creating a competitive advantage for local communities. The benefits of program like this one are long-lasting, providing opportunities for those who might not otherwise have some and helping to raise the standard of living for a family for generations to come. We've also made a two year, $450,000 grant to the Red Cross to support disaster response in our communities. Recent floods damaged nearly 13,000 homes in Louisiana and damage is still being assessed from this month's flood in Texas. Highlighting the importance of a fast response in times of disaster. To our partnership with Red Cross, Entergy has able to direct funds to communities following storms or other disasters as they are needed, allowing help to be provided more quickly to those in need. I am also proud of our initiatives, which help us maintain a diverse and engaged workforce. Veterans and active reserve make valuable contributions to our company and recognition of our efforts to support National Guard and reserve members; we have been selected as a finalist for the 2016 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. We are pleased to be considered for this honor and we appreciate the sacrifices these employees and their families make in their service to our country as well as the unique skills and experiences that they bring to Entergy. These are just some of the efforts that got us ranked, top quartile and corporate responsibility magazines, annual list of the 100 best corporate citizens. This is the 7th time we've been included on this list, which recognizes companys taking sustainable responsible actions in areas such as employee relations, philanthropy and community support, environment and climate change. Nowhere these quality is more important apparent and when our employees go above and beyond to serve our customers during their most difficult times. Many of you may have seen or read about the significant flooding in our service territory this quarter. Though our system which stood the conditions quite well, our employees were also diligent in safely restoring powers to those that needed it, repair and damage infrastructure and even saving lives. I am excited by all that we've done so far in 2016 to execute on our strategy. This quarter was a good start to the year. The major undertakings, we've completed will help drive our 2016 results. We're also aware of the challenges ahead and more works needs to be done to deliver on our commitments for the year. Everything we do is designed to support our objective to create value for each of our four stakeholders. We strive to deliver top quartile returns for our owners, provide top quartile satisfaction for our customers to achieve top quartile organizational health scores and top decile safety performance for our employees and maintain an active role in supporting our communities by achieving top decile performance for corporate social responsibility. With these objectives in minds, we remain focused on the strategy we've developed to achieve those objectives that will grow the utility by investing the benefit customers while maintaining competitive rates with ready access to capital in timely and predictable investment recovery, providing the financial strength and flexibility we need to make those investments and continue to reduce the EWC footprint, while ensuring safe operations, regulatory compliance and commercial due diligence for our assets. We're off to a good start and we'll continue to execute through the remainder of the year on the plans that we've laid out. With that, I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone. As Leo mentioned, this is a good start to the year. I'll get straight to the results for the quarter. Turning to slide four, our operational earnings excluding special items were $1.35 per share higher than the expected. This compares to $1.68 the year ago. This quarter's results varied from last year due to the effect of weather and a 2015 income tax item at utility, parent and other and lower wholesale power prices at EWC. These declines were partially offset by growth in the utility business. In both periods, as reported results included special items related to EWC nuclear plants as we've identified the close. These special items are for severance and retention costs as well as capital spending, which is being expensed. Burning the utility, parent and other results on slide five, operational earnings per share decreased $0.13 quarter-over-quarter. However, the adjusted view on slide six, which excludes the effects of weather and income tax items increased $0.19. The growth in our base business as a result of our efforts in the last year to execute on our strategy to make productive investment to benefit customers and proved returns at our operating companies. Consistent with that strategy, Entergy Arkansas rate case is an important driver for the quarterly results. Rate adjustment were in fact of starting February 24 and included recovery for the Union Power Station acquisition. In addition, the final order allowed for deferral that sticks into previously expensed Fukushima and flood barrier compliance cost, which we collected over 10 years. Combined, these items contributed about $0.15 in this quarter's earnings. A second driver of note was improved efforts to manage non-appeal O&M expense, which decreased $0.07 after excluding the deferral I just noted. The scope for lavish spending and benefit costs, including pension were lower, while nuclear spending increased. This quarter, we also recorded a charge of approximately $0.05 associated with FERC orders in the Entergy Arkansas opportunity sales proceedings, which came out last Thursday. The charge represents the portion at EAI's estimated liability that would be attributable to its wholesale business and is not recoverable. This is a complex and technical case to continue on as a FERC and its ultimate outcome is uncertain. We provide additional details in our Form 10-Q. Turning to sales, we also saw earnings contribution from over 6% industrial sales growth. Slide seven provides a breakdown of the increase. About 70% of this quarter's increase came from new and expansion customers across several sectors as they continue to ramp and come online. Higher sales to existing customers were driven by petroleum refiners as fewer and shorter outages drove industrial sales growth in the quarter. This is expected to continue into 2Q. Growth in new and expansion customers are also expected to continue through the rest of the year. However, given how strong refiners ran in the second half of last year and expected outages and changes in operational levels later this year, we expect industrial growth to be weighted towards the first half of 2016. Turning to EWC's first quarter results, summarized on slide eight. Operational earnings were $0.51 in the current quarter, $0.20 lower than the prior year. The single most significant factor was lower wholesale prices. The nuclear fleet average price was down more than $8 per megawatt hour or 13%. In addition, realized earnings on decommissioning trust declined due to last year's pre-balancing activity for BY trust, which resulted in higher interest income in 2015. On the other hand, the effect last year's impairment reduced fuel, nuclear refueling outage and depreciation expenses, which benefited earnings approximately $0.16 this quarter. Slide nine shows operating cash flow for this quarter of $533 million, about $80 million lower than the same quarter in 2015. The largest driver was reduced net revenue at EWC. Our 2016 earnings guidance is summarized on slide 10. As of today, we see adjusted utility, parent and other earnings at our guidance midpoint. Recall, this excludes the effect of any weather or tax items. For our consolidated guidance, we must also consider negative weather to-date, EWC price decline since year-end and the extended outage of Indian [ph] point unit two. For IP2, we have not yet completed our engineering analysis, but based on information to-date, our preliminary estimate is that the extended outage will reduce earnings by approximately $0.20. This is primarily from loss revenue, that also includes higher refueling outage costs, which we currently estimate to be around $20 million. The higher outage cost will be amortized over the life of the outage for the bulk of the earnings effect in 2017. Looking at the balance of the year, there are additional risks and opportunities that could apply to both utility, parent and another as well as Entergy overall. As Leo mentioned, we have the potential for higher nuclear spending, as we execute on our nuclear performance improvement plans. And as always there are potential risks to our sales forecast, we also see opportunities to mitigate these challenges or provide upside, starting with management of our spending some of which began in the first quarter. In addition, as we mentioned in our last quarterly call, there is potential for income tax items, possibly as early as second quarter of this year. Considering all these factors, we are affirming our guidance for the year. Moving to the longer-term view, slide 11 shows our adjusted utility, parent and another outlook, which is unchanged. Some of the challenges and opportunities that we've noted for '16 exist on an ongoing basis, and added uncertainty for, with an added uncertainty for pension expenses. But also with the added benefits of efficient regulatory mechanisms. Our strategy to realize these results remains the same, as we focus on making productive investment to benefit customers, while maintaining competitive rates, with timely and predictable investment recovery. Slide 12 provides EWC's EBITDA outlook, assuming market prices as of March 31st. One thing to note is the root cause analysis being in point two both issues could prompt an accelerated inspection scheduled for unit 3 at Indian [ph] point. This is not reflective in our current estimates and we plan to provide more information once our analysis is complete. Before closing, I'd like to give you a little more detail on our Analyst Day on June 9th in New York City in Midtown. Well talk about what's next for Entergy and the utility growth opportunities before us. Well also provide some longer-term five-year views and more detailed on our nuclear performance improvement plans. Our extended management team including our new Chief Nuclear Officer, Chris Bakken will be there to give you an opportunity to talk with them about their areas of responsibility, I look forward to seeing you there, and now the Entergy team is available to answer your question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Roselynn Armstrong from Barclays. Your question please.
Roselynn Armstrong: Hi, could you go back to the Indian [ph] point two discussions and just clarify, is the additional $0.20 of on outage related expenses or is that included in the 420 to 450 of utility, parent and other adjusted earnings or is that outside of it and then separately could you talk a little bit about where you are in that process have you identified the number of bolts that need to be replaced, this equipment onsite, when will the replacement begin et cetera. However, you can add.
Andrew Marsh: Okay. Good morning, Roselynn. This is Drew. Ill take the first part of the question and then I'll turn it over to Bill, so first part of the question was, it's a $0.20 of IP2 included in the affirmation of the outlook. In the overall consolidated number, it is included and we do believe there are things that will get us back into the range. For utility, parent and other of course that's separate from EWC. So, we wouldn't include IP2 within that.
Roselynn Armstrong: Right. Fair enough. Okay.
Andrew Marsh: It is included in the overall guidance range.
Roselynn Armstrong: Okay. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Yes, as it relates to the number of bolts and the timing of the return of the unit, we're still in the process of completing the engineering as to the specific number of bolts. However, we do have the equipment onsite and are in fact, replacing bolts as we speak. That was a little long lead time item. But we are in the process of doing that right now and obviously are working very closely with the NRC. So we get concurrence on our analysis and final repairs.
Roselynn Armstrong: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. One follow-up in Indian [ph] point and then over to the regulated side. On the Indian [ph] point on the IP2 issues is the bulk of that an issue that impact second quarter 2016 in terms of that $0.20 or does this drag throughout 2016 and even into 2017.
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew again. So it's going to be the bulk of it in the second quarter, because most of it as I said and my remarks was net revenue and we are not expecting that plant to come on toward until near the end of June. So that's basically the entire quarter is going to be loss from net revenue perspective. The refueling outage expenses are going to move across the new fuel cycle and it's a little shorter than it typically is. It's usually I guess 23 months or so and it's now going to be probably a 20 months. So it's - I don't know seven or so cents associated with that most of that maybe $0.05 will show up in 70 into the amortization. So, maybe a penny this year and maybe a penny in '18.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. And overall on the regulated side, you've talked a little bit about smart meters. You've talked a little down and it's been a while since you've done so about natural gas reserves and rate bases. Outside of adding new generation to the fleet, can you talk a little bit about what other items could have the biggest impact over the next three to five years to potential rate base growth and just kind of walk us through high level, where you see the greatest opportunities that may not actually be in your current CapEx forecast.
Leo Denault: Michael, that's - I guess I was giving you a little bit of a teaser of what we wanted to talk a little bit about at Analyst day. So if I let Theo go off on that now I'll take away that surprise. But the fact of the matter is we are in the process of evaluating a lot of that right now. Certainly getting the meter technology on to the system is the first step along with all the back office systems in meter data management systems and likely go with that. So that's in the near term that's what we are talking about. Some of these two - extended out beyond that 2018 timeframe that we're talking about.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks, Leo. Much appreciate it.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jon.
Jonathan Arnold: Just curious if you could talk a little to what it was that drove the quarter so much higher than the 1/10 you were speaking to on the - I guess the Q4 call, it sounds like weather continued to be wild, were you not counting on the Arkansas decision perhaps or just trying to understand what surprised you in that sort of back half of the quarter.
Andrew Marsh: Okay. Thanks Jonathan. This is Drew. So there were a couple of things that broke our way in the quarter and some of things that were determined and some of the things were timing. So in EWC there was some mark-to-market and elements that they came in about $0.04 of that and then about $0.03 of volume as we actually ran better in the quarter before the outages, the planned outages took over. So, we actually were about $0.07, $0.08 ahead at EWC versus our previous expectation. The balance of it that was the utility some of it was - are the bulk of the O&M savings that we saw above expectation. We're in the fossil area as we came through the outage fees and then we actually did much better than we have historically and then the balance of it as you referenced, there was some conservatism built into the Arkansas rate case. So that was justified right at the very end, we did lose 5 million of comp, but thats spread out differently than we built the conservatism into our case. Some of those Fukushima and floor barrier cost were not part of our expectations for the quarter, but we're able to stay in, in that final order and then some timing elements were for the period between February 24th and April 1st went in our favor, but they ran our overall expectations. So thats more of a timing shift between periods. So thats really the bulk of those items and so hopefully that helps close the gap for you a little bit.
Jonathan Arnold: That's really helpful. Thank you. And could I just had similar vein, the - you made a comment about I think you were hinting that there could be some tax items as early as the second quarter and you made that comment in the context of having maintain guidance. Are you maintaining guidance, because of that item or you see that more as an upside?
Andrew Marsh: I think, its a big piece of how we're able to maintain guidance on Entergy overall. As you know on the utility side, our adjusted utility, parent and other, it doesnt include taxes or weather. And so for that part of the business, we're solidly saying we're right at the midpoint, but when we go back to the overall consolidated business, we have the big one-time outage at IP2. We have the negative weather and then of course the prices of EWC. Those put us down there or below the bottom of our range, but with the expectation that we would get some benefit out of taxes. Possibly I said as early as next quarter, we think we're going to get back into the range, so its too early to make that call now.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, but those are the moving pieces that's directionally. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to get your view on the commercial and residential low growth numbers that we saw after the quarter. They were weather adjusted fairly weak, is this something thats just sort of a quarterly fluctuations or are there driver that you see there any color you can provide on that?
Leo Denault: Sure Stephen. This is Leo, I think when we think about those two particular classes, we continue to see impacts from energy efficiency as we've talked about on previous calls both kind of federal type programs as well some of our local energy efficiency programs that we see in our jurisdiction. In terms of what we expected, I mean given some of the economic data that we utilize and to try and forecast sales, we did see some economic weakening in the first quarter and somewhat expected that. So while I do agree it was fairly low for the first quarter, it was a little bit below our expectations, but it wasnt necessarily a big surprise to us and as we go forward throughout the year, we expect to see that to come back as we look at gross stake products and regions that we serve particularly Louisiana and Texas, we see thats starting to kind of fill out and began to trend upward and we think that will help move those growth rate by more typical level but again energy efficiency will continue to have an impact on our residential and commercial sectors.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And can you remind me as you thought about guidance for '16 and where you're headed, what your expectations are for full year low growth or commercial and residential?
Leo Denault: I think as we go forward, we have - we continue to monitor various variables and inputs relative to that and we'll talk more about at our Analyst Day. But clearly what we saw in our first quarter we are going to continue to monitor what we expect for the remainder of the year make adjustments as necessary, but what I'll also say is given where we are as it relates to sales growth we brought, we did consider that and our reaffirming of our guidance. And so, we feel like we'll continue to evaluate it. But I feel like we will still as it affects us going forward will not take a side of our guidance range at this point.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta from Citigroup. Your question, please.
Praful Mehta: Thank you. Hi guys. On the strategic side, given your transition now to become more utility pure play, clearly are right now, M&A opportunities in this space on the utility side there are utilities coming out of bankruptcy potentially. How are you seeing strategically where Entergy should be going an area that you think from an M&A perspective as strategic direction perspective, you would like to go more broadly.
Leo Denault: Thanks Praful. The main thing to keep in mind is the same three criteria that exists today that have always existed. Anything we do would need to be consistent with the internal plan that we have right now. And as you know we have a lot of organic growth that is happening because of the modernization of our infrastructure in both transmission and generation and then some of the things that we've talked about as it relates to new technologies that we can deploy whether it's the solar RFPs et cetera that I've talked about or the advanced metering or what's become next. So we've got a significant organic growth opportunity and working through the investment plan the financing plan and the regulatory structure of around that to make it beneficial to our customers first and for most of our undermined. So anything we do would have to be consistent with that objective or with that strategy, so that's the first screen we go through it's what would help as if now whether it's cash flow balance sheet other growth opportunities technological synergies et cetera. Secondly, we would want it to be translatable something that we know we can have a really chance of getting done both through counterparty engagement price that make sense to us on whatever side of the table we would sit out and regulatory execution. And three it cannot distract us from doing number one. we don't want to have a couple of years of not doing the growth organic growth that we have today while we try to do something that supposed to help us to get that done. So those three criteria continue. And the way we look at it. As you know we evaluate this kind of thing on a regular ongoing basis as it comes up, we'll obviously let you know. But we still look at it at that way there is nothing to change in regard to that.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough. Thanks Leo. And secondly just on EWC, I saw that you brought down your guidance or the EBITDA for EWC in 2018. Is that more commodity curves or is there something else that's driving it? And secondly as more plants retire due our expected O&M per megawatt hour to go up given there is now less synergy given you have smaller fleet. And is there any impact of that flowing into the reduced EBITDA guidance for '18?
Andrew Marsh: Well, I'll take I guess I'll try to answer it and then Bill can cover with any color. So it is primarily energy driven profitable. There are some capacity elements actually pushing back against that a little bit. Our capacity price expectations are little higher in '17 and '18 in New York. But it's primarily energy price drive. And I don't think there is any big changes in O&M or do like energy spend a little bit on this because that does not a whole lot when we talk about '18. And then the second question was?
Bill Mohl: Yeah on the overhead, we've been looking at that very closely. So we are implementing a plan to decrease the associated overhead consistent with the downsizing of EWC. And I couldn't tell you at this point in time exactly where that stands in terms of what may and how that maybe split. Because we run as a fleet, but I can assure that we've been looking at that very closely and setting up a plan, where we will reduce those costs overtime commensurate with the downsizing of the fleet in the North East.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thank you. And just to clarify Drew the underlying gas price that's driving 2018 EBITDA, have you put that out or do you know what that is?
Andrew Marsh: I mean I think it's consistent with whatever the market is. So I don't know a little bit below 3 bucks.
Bill Mohl: A little bit below 3 bucks, correct.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Thank you, guys.
Andrew Marsh: Yeah, we use mark-to-market on those EBITDA [indiscernible] as of March 31st.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin from Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin: Just a follow-up to your answer to Jon Arnolds question. I think you said that part of the beat for the quarter was based on some conservatism that was built into the numbers from the Entergy Arkansas recent decision. Just remind me or say one more time what was that amount and when did that benefit weaken in the quarter?
Andrew Marsh: Okay, so the effective date of the order was February 24, and Bill went into effect on April 1st. So we had modeled it so that we would start collecting the revenues on April 1st, but the accounting ultimately allowed us to accrue it during the first quarter. So I think there was a little bit of timing switch there, that was may be $0.05 then I am sorry.
Brian Chin: That was $0.05 from the order date till the end of the quarter is that right?
Andrew Marsh: Yeah. And then the other big piece was the $0.06 of the regulatory assets that we got from Fukushima and flood barrier pieces and that is kind of a one-time deal that is the breakout.
Brian Chin: Understood. And then going back to that $0.05 for Arkansas should we assume a similar run rate of conservatism if we pro rata that out that is embedded in the remaining quarters of 2016?
Andrew Marsh: No, I think we were expecting to collect that over the remaining quarters. So I dont think there is going to be any extra opportunity there from the rate case on an annual basis.
Brian Chin: Got you. I'm sorry, go ahead.
Andrew Marsh: No I was trying to see if that answers your question, sound like it did.
Brian Chin: Yes, it did. And then, I guess in your prepared remarks you made reference to the Louisiana commissions next meeting I guess on April 28th here and the thought is to narrow the scope of the dockets, could you just give a little bit more color on whats your expectations of how they are going to narrow that scope there?
Andrew Marsh: I think Leo pretty much summed it up in his opening comments, I think it was clear based on what is seeing forward as relates to the docket the question refers to exactly what the commission's intent was and the stated we have a perspective as to what we believe - thats where hopefully thats where we will see it go when they do hopefully bring it up again on the 28th.
Brian Chin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Your question please.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Marsh: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just wanted to follow a little bit up on some of the last questions here, as you transition your portfolio back towards a more regulated outlook, can you comment a bit on the opportunity eventually buy yourself out of some of the existing contracts for instance Palisades if that has been an opportunity youve export or you have conversations with them?
Leo Denault: You do have - the objective we have as I stated in my remarks around strategies to reduce footprint of EWC and we have done that rise Vermont Yankee and told FitzPatrick to follow and the plants that aren't supported by the market or that are and no longer fit the portfolio. As far as the operating plants just lump I think Indian [ph] point and Palisades in together, you certainly can currently today they are not in the same situation necessarily is the other plants as far as being cash flows positive if they are not operating versus cash flows positive if they are, remember when we made those positions around those faculties we worked at three different things. One, what is the NPV of the facilities that may get positive, two, what is the near-term cash flows burn rate positive or negative and three, how does it change the risk profile of the company I think we achieved our objectives with all of those including the rise sale around that and we continue to evaluate the other plants in this similar manner. The difference being obviously the PPA supports the cost structured, Palisades and the market supports the cost structure at Indian [ph] point. As far as any kind of opportunities that we will have around those facilities outside of the decisions we've already made. I can't really comment and wouldn't comment on that. Just because once we start down that path our strategy or our policy has just not comment on those sort of things. But like I said we are looking at those in the same way from an MPD cash flow and risk stand point. What our options with those facilities and we will pick the one that we believe creates the best value for us stakeholders and again as the MPD positive to run versus whatever alternatively become that will be a major driver. Cash flow positive or negative particularly in the near terms. One of those alternative or to run the plan and third it's the there's a change to risk profile and obviously our GU is big, making that footprint smaller doesn't prove the risk profile of the company and then last thing we always need to look at it's the execution opportunity is a company, similar to what I discussed on the question around M&A. These are lot of things we could do, we had to make sure anything we do is executable both with the counter party. Our own point of view and through the regulatory process.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great, thank you. As a follow-up to the prior question here. So a little explicit. Are you guys expecting to participate and submit a self-build option into the renewable RFP upstanding in Louisiana.
Leo Denault: That we can't comment on that, one way of the other way really at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. But mid perhaps generically would you be open to participating in generation opportunities outside of gas?
Leo Denault: We already, as I mentioned we are building the 1 megawatt plant with battery storage here in New Orleans, we dealt to three facilities in Mississippi. We are not building the plan our consult. But we are having excluded by our contract for the power out of that. So we already participate in that arena and we would continue to look at those sorts of things going forward because we think that's again as I said my prepared remarks that's a way for us to continue at resiliency away for us to continue to add good service to our customer, high reliability, more a beneficial environmental foot print. It's largely to get cost, right, because we do value the fact that our pricing is lower than majority of the rest of the companies United States won't stay there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Pass [ph] from Wolfe Research. Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. Why did your 2017 EWC EBITDA outlook remain unchanged around $510 million what were the drivers of that?
Andrew Marsh: The big driver is we've seen an uplift in LHB pricing. So approximately couple of hours KW month that's probably about a $48 million impact on positive side, so that's offset some of the commodity energy pricing and energy price decrease we've seen.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's a big one. Okay and then just on MI and great month. Are those plans already in here, were those already in here weight based outlook that you gave us.
Leo Denault: Some of the cost associated with the metering is in there.
Unidentified Analyst: But the bulk of it is outside there? Outside your '16 '18 plan?
Leo Denault: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then just on the nuclear spending. How can we think about what ongoing nuke spend will be going forward at the utility segment or at EWC or just both, how should we think about that?
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew and I'll just say that's going to be a big topic at the Analyst Day here in a few weeks and we are trying to give you some framework around that. But we are still getting our hands around, our performance improvement plan and of course as you know (Chris) has just been here for a couple of weeks. So he is getting his hands around as well. But I think the important thing for us is that at the same time we are doing now. We're also looking for opportunities to mitigate that in the business. And some of them you've already seen show up. Things like insurance rebase or lower interest costs, because the interest rate environment and then we have some O&M opportunities that we found that with and the first quarter like the powerful outage management something like that. So there are opportunities that we have identified to begin with the offset that. Obviously we're now done looking for those. But at this point we see if we can manage those costs within the framework of the expectations that we have look at and outlooks right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right. And your full year impacts for the A&O and Pilgrim still the same, in other words I think $50 million for A&O and $30 million for Pilgrim.
Andrew Marsh: They are currently the same. We just got the report the initial report I guess on A&O. And we're looking as we have mentioned for the letter from the NRC. Once we get that we'll have a better idea if there any incremental risk associated with A&O. And Pilgrim's inspection we expect it to be sometimes in the second half of this year. And we'll have better information then. So as if now those costs are the same in fact.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shayla Theresa [ph] from Guggenheim Partners. Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, question is answered. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today due to time comes from the line Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your question please.
Paul Patterson: Hi. How you're doing?
Andrew Marsh: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just everything is pretty much being asked and answered. But just I'm sorry if I missed this. But you mentioned the generic stuff in Louisiana and so which you think might be unfold in the air. Do you have any picture at this point on what might be happening in Texas with sort of a similar issue? Or is just too early?
Andrew Marsh: Encore and the REIT assessments?
Paul Patterson: Right as I guess that you're doing a little bit more generically as well, right?
Andrew Marsh: Paul I mean at this point we may have to get back with you in follow-up. But I don't I'm not sure it's been move forward enough for us to get a I think the perspective as to how it impact that. But I mean that I don't we don't see that having a major impact on us at this point. But again we will follow up with you if in fact that just different. But again it's just fairly generic and so we get more specificity relative to that. We don't necessarily see it having an impact on that.
Paul Patterson: Okay great and then just in terms of the FitzPatrick. There are constant discussions about New York coming with some of plans of rescue the news what have you. And I know that you guys have basically been indicating this one of that that it's really too far along. But again you keep I hearing that the governor is hopeful that it's going to be able to keep it up. And is there sort of a point of no return at all in terms of cost that already with respect to FitzPatrick or how should we think about that where we can we keep on hearing that? He wants to do something for the nuclear plant.
Leo Denault: So for the first thing I would say Paul is that obviously we - standpoint closely of FitzPatrick the right thing to do and we would have loved further to have been a way around that, if the economics could have been different and we've for example we've been promoting a clean energy standard in New York that would include nuclear plants for several years. And the reason obviously that we do that is wanted the right thing to do from a public policy standpoint and it certainly the right thing to do from an environmental standpoint from an energy price standpoint for the markets reliability the whole nine yards, And we've been promoting it for a number of years because obviously these things must take their course in the regulatory arena and then in the legislative or legislative or if the courts and obviously you can always expect there to be intervention into anything that comes up and these things just take a long time to develop. And so right now there is no nothing in place, we don't know if there was something in place what it would be, we dont know if we knew how restructured what it would provide, we dont know if what it provides it would be enough to support the economics plant. And we dont know that the timing of it could ever be done before, we had to make the decision to ahead and refuel which then recommend to several hundred million dollars of losses so, we are out of time. It is not that we against any of those proposals in terms of on their face other than I would say that obviously we believe there is clean energy standards in New York that includes nuclear, it should include all of the nuclear plants. And we commend for the efforts because we think that is the right thing to do and we would have been proposing it for the last couple of years but I mean you hit the nail on head on this point of no return aspect it is not in place, we dont know what it is? We dont know what it will provide? We dont know what the economics would be for it run its course again we get to the point we're unfortunately we likely out of time. So anything that says we are opposed to clean energy standard in the like we are not we have fully those all along again we do thing that should incorporate all the plants in the state. We would be - all plants in the country actually to be consistent but right now there is nothing in place that we could look at, that would provide us the opportunity to change our decision.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thank you very much.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to David Borde for any further remarks.
David Borde: Great, thank you. And thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our quarterly report on Form 10-K is due to the SEC by May 10th and provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence and conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing 855-859-2056, confirmation ID 85413992. The telephone replay will be available until May 3rd. And this concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President, Investor Relations Leo Denault - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Drew Marsh - Chief Financial Officer Bill Mohl - President, Entergy Wholesale Commodities
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Praful Mehta - Citigroup Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Paula Waters, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Paula Waters: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault and then Drew Marsh, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the companys SEC filings. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Paula and good morning everyone. Today, we are reporting fourth quarter operational earnings per share of $1.58, consistent with the guidance we gave you last quarter. It was a good quarter overall, although developments related to resolving lingering risks and uncertainties resulted in a few non-recurring expenses. Namely, we had two regulatory charges in utility related to longstanding matters and we reported two additional asset impairments, reflecting the changes in strategic direction for the EWC business. With those things now mostly behind us, we have initiated 2016 guidance with the midpoint in line with our expectations. We also affirmed our 2017 and 2018 utility, parent and other financial outlook. 2015 was a pivotal year for us. We accomplished much of what we set out to do, working in the interest of all four of our stakeholders. For our customers, we began making investments in our long-term capital plan to continue modernizing our infrastructure and maintain a reliable and efficient system. Meanwhile, we control the overall cost in our customer bills and obtain new legislation and regulatory actions. These accomplishments facilitate our ability to continue improving our service to customers. Our employees, we continue to purchase  to pursue our organizational health initiative soliciting feedback from our workforce and using it to strengthen our culture and enhance our organization. For our communities, we continued our focus on education putting particular emphasis on workforce development. We began a $5 million 5-year workforce development initiative in partnership with the communities we serve. The first round of grants will be announced soon. We also contributed approximately $3 million throughout 2015 in support of education to organizations such as Teach for America, STEM/NOVA, Jobs for Americans Graduates and City Gear, among others. Our employees echoed our commitment, giving more than 95,000 hours of their time to support education and other causes. Combined with our work in other areas like assistance to low income families, these contributions are accomplishing several objectives. We are creating economic activity when trained and educated people enter the workforce. We are creating valuable resources and a competitive advantage for our region helping to attract new businesses. Our efforts work for us as we need new skilled employees. And perhaps most importantly, our efforts provide an opportunity to those that might not otherwise have one, so that the cycle of poverty can be eliminated for a family for generations to come. For our owners, we successfully executed on our strategy designed to provide long-term growth and stability and therefore increased our dividend by 2.4%, the first increase in more than 5 years. We will continue working towards our objective of steady, predictable dividend growth. We also strengthened our credit profile as recognized by the major rating agencies, with several positive changes in the outlooks for our ratings, along with the rating upgrade for Entergy New Orleans by Moodys. Nevertheless, in some ways, 2015 was a year of challenges and evolution. Our total shareholder return for 2015 was disappointing. However, our returns since September 30, have placed us second overall among our 20 utility peers. Your positive reaction to successes and other actions since the third quarter of 2015 validates the momentum we see as we move into 2016. At EWC, we took steps to reduce volatility and gain clarity on the future of the business. Closing Pilgrim and FitzPatrick was not the path we wanted to take. After pursuing many alternatives, they ultimately were the only options remaining for us. We know they are tough decisions for those involved and we are committed to supporting our employees who work at these plants and their communities throughout this difficult transition. I will take a moment now to expand more on some of our fourth quarter 2015 accomplishments beginning with the utility. I have mentioned the necessity to continue to modernize our infrastructure and maintain a reliable system. To this end, our purchase of Union Power Station has received the necessary retail regulatory approvals. One last approval was pending from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Upon closing, the purchase of this plant will provide lower cost, reliable generation to our customers for many years to come. 2015 also saw the start of a regulatory process for the St. Charles generation project, a 980-megawatt combined cycle gas turbine plant to be constructed in Montz, Louisiana. We have requested approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission to proceed with the construction of this new modern plant, which will provide economic and reliable power for many years. The targeted in-service date is June 2019. In addition to approval of more than $700 million of transmission investments in all four states of our service territory, as part of the Mid-Continent Independent System Operator, or MISO, MTEP15 process, we initiated one of the largest transmission projects in our history. This project includes two new substations, expansion of two existing substations and 25 miles of new high-voltage transmission lines around the Lake Charles Louisiana area. It will both enhance reliability for existing customers in that area as well as support new load in this growing region of Louisiana. The Louisiana Public Service Commission approved a Certificate of Public Need and Necessity at its business and executive session in December. We expect construction to begin in the first quarter of 2016. Our regulatory frameworks are now better aligned to facilitate future investments to enhance the efficiency and reliability of our system to benefit our customers. We are seeing the results of this improved framework and the settlement of our Arkansas rate case. The settlement reflects a net $133 million base rate increase and a 9.75% authorized return on equity effective at the end of February. It also sets the framework for the formula rate plan with the future test year in the coming years. The Arkansas Public Service Commission is expected to act on the settlement and issue an order later this month. With this new regulatory structure, we will have increased financial flexibility and ability to execute on capital investments in response to our customers needs. Affirming this view, Moodys revised EAIs outlook to positive in April following the adoption of the legislation, allowing for a forward test year FRP and the filing of the rate case to use the new FRP. Moreover, the new regulatory structure will help Entergy Arkansas support economic expansion, creating jobs for our customers in these communities and spreading fixed costs over more sales and helping to maintain the rate advantage. We will be able to provide similar benefits to our customers in Mississippi as Entergy Mississippis first FRP with forward-looking features was approved earlier in 2015. In addition, we have been partnering with Mississippi state officials to help bring 2,500 jobs to Hinds County through a $1.45 billion tire plant in our service territory. Mississippi lawmakers approved an incentive package for Continental Tires, one of the top five worldwide automotive suppliers to build a new facility near Clinton. This announcement further demonstrates how Mississippi is a premier location for automotive production as they join Nissan and Toyota in the state. In Texas, we are using some of the new rider mechanisms to provide similar financial flexibility and the ability to support the needs of our customers. We have reached a settlement for an incremental increase to our distribution investment rider of just over $5 million effective at the start of the year. The Public Utility Commission in Texas approved the settlement last week. We also are nearing completion of the regulatory view of our request for an incremental $13 million revenue requirement under a similar rider for transmission investment. We expect a proposal for decision later this month and the commission consideration in March. Finally, we reached a milestone on December 29 when we received the final approval from FERC to end the system agreement among Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Texas and Entergy New Orleans, the three operating companies that remain parties to the agreement. This is an important step towards simplifying our regulatory structure and reducing risk and uncertainty for us and our customers. It will allow us to put greater focus on the distinct opportunities that each of our retail regulatory jurisdictions as well as our core operations without the distractions from constant interregional litigation associated with this agreement. Along with our plans for capital investment, we are carefully monitoring the affect of these investments on our customers bills. Based on the most recent EAI data, our average rates are over 25% below the national average. Historically low natural gas prices also have helped lower customer bills and are offsetting some increases in base rates. As a result, our customers will continue to benefit from some of the lowest rates in the country while also benefiting from a more modern and efficient electric system. Looking back at EWC in the fourth quarter, we have worked towards resolution on the future of each of our plants, advancing our strategy to both provide capital to invest in other opportunities and to reduce risk and volatility from this part of our business. We closed on the sale of our 583 megawatt Rhode Island CCGT on December 17. This plant was a good investment for us, its sale now frees up resources we can use to support other opportunities. The New York ISO recently determined the retirement of FitzPatrick, when combined with several other facilities, will result in a resource adequacy shortfall in 2019. However, we expect there will be more cost effective solutions to fill this need. And ISO New England determined that there is no reliability need associated with the Pilgrim retirement in June of 2019. As a result, we will move forward with plans to close both plants. As we have said before, these difficult yet necessary steps or not what we wanted. On a positive note, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission issued the license amendments for Palisades, reflecting updated guidance, inspection and analysis on the reactor vessel head embitterment. These amendments confirm that the plant needs the appropriate criteria to run till the end of its extended license and will not be forced into an early shutdown. At Indian Point, we continue to pursue license renewal in each of our plants to resolve the Coastal Zone Management Act and Clean Water Act requirements remains open. The NRC confirmed that our timely application for renewal enabled the continued operation of the Indian Point following the original expiration date of the units license this past December. Additionally, the NRC issued a draft update to the Indian Point supplemental and Environmental impact Statement, which reaffirm the NRCs previous conclusion that the environmental effects of Indian Points continued operation are not an obstacle to license renewal. And lastly, Vermont Yankee announced that it would be ready to begin the transfer of spent fuel into dry cast starting in 2017, 2 years earlier than originally planned. We are seeking approval from the Public Service Board for Certificate of Public Good, so we can begin construction of the storage pad to complete the safe transfer to dry storage. Now its time to look to the future. Last years strategic accomplishments have ultimately set us up to undertake an equally ambitious list for 2016. You can read the list on Slide 3. Several of the items listed are related to closing out the regulatory agenda we began in 2015 and using the tools we have to execute on our capital investment plan. These regulatory items include the now approved distribution rider and the pending transmission rider filings in Texas and making our first forward-looking formula rate plan filings in Arkansas and Mississippi, as well as the second combined Entergy Louisiana FRP filing using a 2015 test year. Also on our to-do list are steps which help continue to modernize and enhance our utility system. As I said earlier, we have requested approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission to proceed with the construction of the St. Charles power station. We will make selections in our request for proposals for Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Texas, long-term resources in the coming months. We will begin construction of the Lake Charles Transmission Project, as well as numerous other significant transmission projects. Lastly, we continue to move forward with the process for installing smart meters on our utility system. Smart meters are a foundational investment in the grid modernization opportunity I spoke about at EEI. These types of investments are another way for us to lower costs and improve service for our customers. Some benefits of it AMI include operational efficiencies, timely information provided to our customers so they can better understand and control their usage and faster outage restoration and improved system reliability for our customers. The next step involves further engaging our regulators and other stakeholders to discuss this investment and its associated benefits and we continue to evaluate other investments in the grid that can benefit our customers. The operating companies anticipate making regulatory filings where applicable for the smart meter investment between the third quarter of 2016 and the third quarter of 2017. A piece of the 3-year capital plan laid out in our slides today is earmarked for this initiative and we will share more with you over time on AMI as well as what might be next. At EWC, we continue to make plans and preparations for transitioning the FitzPatrick and Pilgrim nuclear plants to the decommissioning phase. At Pilgrim, we will make a decision by mid-year on whether to refuel the plant for another 2-year operating cycle. I would like to take a moment to personally thank the more than 1,200 employees at both our Pilgrim and FitzPatrick plants for staying focused on continued safe and secure operations. I want to acknowledge their professionalism, dedication and hard work throughout this time of transition. After all the underlying objective that supports all of the initiative on the to-do list, is the imperative to get the fundamentals right. Without that, nothing else works. That means continuing to deliver safe, reliable power and natural gas to our customers at the lowest reasonable cost. These actions, combined with our other ongoing initiatives, will contribute towards meeting our objectives in the interest of all four of our stakeholders. That is the execution of the journey we set out on 3 years ago. We have set clear objectives to create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. For owners, deliver top quartile returns through steady and predictable utility and parent and other earnings growth and dividend growth while reducing risk, particularly in the volatile commodity exposed generation business. For our customers, deliver top quartile customer satisfaction through anticipating customer needs and exceeding their expectations while keeping rates reasonable. For employees, we are on the top quartile score for organizational health by providing a stable environment with a healthy culture that provides clear direction to our employees and attractive opportunities for career development. And for our communities, where all of us live, maintaining an active role in making things better. This includes helping to bring jobs through economic development, helping ensure we have a trained workforce available to fill those jobs, giving both our time and financial support and operating in a socially and environmentally responsible way. These objectives form the basis of our strategy investing in the utility to benefit customers while maintaining competitive rates with ready access to capital and timely and predicable investment recovery, providing the financial strength and flexibility we need to make these investments and reducing volatility from our merchant business and freeing up resources to invest in other opportunities. This strategy has given the plan for execution we laid out on the 2016 to-do list. From objectives to strategy, all the way through execution, we have made great progress. We have a clear vision for what we still must do. We have the tools in place to do it. We will talk more about this journey at our Analyst Day in June 9. Please mark your calendars now and we will have more details as the day gets closer. With that, I will turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo and good morning everyone. Today, I will discuss fourth quarter and full year 2015 results, followed by our guidance for 2016 and our outlook to 2018. But before we get into details, the punch-line is that our results and expectations remain in line with all that we have discussed with you. Now, lets jump into 2015. Results for the quarter are summarized on Slide 4 of our presentation. Operational earnings, excluding special items were $1.58 per share, up from $0.75 a year ago and in line with the expectations we shared last November. Most significant special items include EWCs non-cash impairment of our Palisades unit and the sale of the Rhode Island State Energy Center. Operational earnings for the business increased due to tax items, partially offset by utility charges, warm weather and lower wholesale power prices. Looking at utility, parent and other results on Slide 5, operational earnings per share increased quarter-over-quarter. The main driver was income tax as a result of the business combination for the two Louisiana operating companies, which was completed in October. This item contributed $1.50 to fourth quarter earnings after reserves to share $107 million with customers. The customer sharing is reflected as a reduction in net revenue. Unfavorable weather partially offset the tax items. Slide 6 shows our adjusted view of utility, parent and other earnings, which excludes weather and normalizes for income tax items. The adjusted view was lower than the same period a year ago. However, as Leo mentioned, this quarters result included two charges totaling $0.35 per share. Considering those charges, the underlying business was in line with our November expectations. Volume increased for both residential, weather-adjusted sales and industrial sales. Our residential growth was 1.6% and sales to industrial customers increased 0.6%, as shown on Slide 7. We continue to see gains for new and expansion projects, adding approximately 300 gigawatt hours or 2.7% to our industrial sales this quarter. However, volume from existing industrial customers declined due primarily to weakness in the core alkali sector and an extended outage for a key customer, which we mentioned last quarter. Recently, we have also seen weakness in the metals and wood product sectors. On the positive side, sales to existing petroleum refining customers increased on higher production due to continued favorable market conditions. EWC fourth quarter results are summarized on Slide 8. Operational earnings were $0.16 in the current quarter, $0.23 lower than the fourth quarter of 2014. The most significant factor was lower wholesale prices. The nuclear fleet revenue was $44 per megawatt hour this quarter, down from $54 in 2014, excluding Vermont Yankee. Closure of VY contributed $0.05 to the decline. Conversely, the effects of last quarters impairments reduced fuel, non-fuel O&M and depreciation expenses, which helped earnings $0.14. Income tax variance of $0.13 also contributed to the offset. Slide 9 shows operating cash flow this quarter about $50 million lower than the same quarter in 2014. Biggest driver was reduced net revenue at EWC. Now, I will quickly go through full year results, summarized on Slide 10. Operational earnings for 2015 were $6 per share, up from $5.83 in 2014, once again in line with the expectations we shared last November. Higher earnings at utility, parent and other drove the increase. As shown on Slide 11, utility, parent and other operational earnings share results were $4.97 in 2015 compared to $3.64 in the prior year led primarily by the aforementioned income tax items. On Slide 12, adjusted utility, parent and other results came in at $3.08, excluding weather and normalizing for taxes lower than in 2014. As of the charges, the fourth quarter adjusted EPS would have been $3.43, which was also in line with our previous expectations. Slide 13 summarizes EWC operational earnings, which declined year-over-year to $1.03 per share in 2015 from $2.19. Lower prices were the largest driver, accounting for $1.06 of the decline. Another $0.20 was due to Vermont Yankee and the effects of the impairment provided a $0.14 offset. Full year operating cash flow shown on Slide 14 was just under $3.3 billion in 2015 around $600 million lower than the prior year, the most significant factors were about $300 million of Hurricane Isaac related securitization funds received in 2014 as well as revenue from our EWC business. Now, let me wrap up 2015 results. We are initiating 2016 operational earnings guidance. Details on our 2016 assumptions as well as sensitivities are provided in the appendix of our presentation. Consolidated operational earnings per share guidance is $4.95 to $5.75 per share with the midpoint of $5.35 on Slide 15. We are also issuing an adjusted utility, parent and other guidance range of $4.20 to $4.50 per share, with $4.35 midpoint, consistent with our communications since last summer. Recall that our adjusted measure reflects normal weather and statutory taxes. The possibility exists for significant tax items this year as early as the second quarter, but there is too much uncertainty to put those possibilities into the guidance at this time. Starting with the utility, parent and other adjusted view, we expect $1.27 per share growth. Rate actions and sales growth are the largest drivers as well as lower non-fuel O&M and the effect of the 2015 utility charges. Depreciation expense is also expected to increase by about $0.30, including Union. The Union acquisition is expected to contribute a little more than $0.20 to the bottom line in 2016. As you know, we have not closed that transaction yet and 2016 earnings would be reduced about $0.02 for every month of delay. The Arkansas settlement agreement as filed would help Entergy Arkansas move much closer to its allowed return levels. We expect the Arkansas Public Service Commission to issue a decision soon. Our industrial sales growth in 2016 continues to be driven by identified new and expansion projects in our service territory rather than our existing customer base. Approximately two-thirds of our new and expansion projects are already in service to continue to reach steady low levels in 2016 and the remaining third comes from projects that are scheduled to come into service this year, most of which are in the final stages of construction or early stages of testing. Nevertheless, these new projects continue to have timing and ramp rate risks, which could impact results. Our industrial sales are also exposed to market and commodity risks associated with the broader economy. As a result of these risks, our overall industrial growth expectation of 2016 is now at 2.9% and overall retail sales growth is at 1.9%. We see utility non-fuel O&M at about $2.5 billion or about $0.20 lower than 2015 due primarily to pension and OPEC costs, which are expected to decline about $0.29. This includes a slightly higher pension discount rate than we expected at EEI. The change in the discount rate offset higher ANO Column 4 expenses, now projected to be $50 million in 2016, about flat year-over-year. We also anticipate lower expenses for fossil and nuclear in 2016 as well as higher expenses for the Union plant operations. Turning to EWC, its guidance midpoint is $1 per share, about the same as the 2015 results. Lower energy and capacity prices are expected to largely offset the effects of impairments recorded in 2015. Effects from the 2015 impairments, which affect multiple line items, are $0.49 per share year-over-year. Our guidance, based on year end prices, assumes average energy and capacity revenue of $48 per megawatt hour. Despite our 86% hedge position, there is $0.25 per share downside sensitivity to a $10 per megawatt hour drop in prices. The prices have been lower by about $4 since the beginning of the year with the warm winter weather. EWCs pension and OPEB expense will also decline about $0.10 year-over-year, offsetting higher Pilgrim Column 4 costs and inflation effects bring net non-fuel O&M to a little less than $0.10 lower, along with decommissioning trust earnings about $0.10 lower in 2016. Looking ahead to first quarter results, based on what we know today, we are expecting operational earnings generally in line with first quarter consensus of around $1.10 per share. This considers milder weather experienced so far this year, including $0.07 of negative effect already in January and we dont currently anticipate any significant tax items in the first quarter. Moving to our longer term views, Slide 16 shows our utility, parent and other adjusted earnings per share outlook, which is unchanged since EEI. The foundation for our objective to achieve steady and predictable utility, parent and other growth is rate-based growth from the utility investment plan. The 2016 through 2018 capital plan is about $1.1 billion higher than the preliminary estimates provided at EEI, but primarily because the Union acquisition was delayed into 2016. As Leo discussed, our capital outlook is also supported by regulatory mechanisms, which provide increased financial flexibility to execute on capital plans and by longer term retail sales growth, which can help mitigate rate effects for our customers. We also see continued O&M improvement as the assumed pension discount rate increases slowly over time and ANO Column 4 spending rolls off. There could be some level of continued spending to maintain the ANO performance improvement upon Column 4 exit or additional cost as a result of the NRCs inspection. We expect any prudently incurred incremental cost to be recoverable. The near-term changes to our sales growth for 2016 do not have an impact on our long-term 4% to 5% annual industrial growth expectations through 2018. We continue to see large industrial projects coming online to drive the growth. Overall, our annual retail sales growth is still expected to be in the range of 2% to 2.5%, which implies residential and commercial as slightly less than 1%. Finally, it is important to remember that our capital plan is driven more by our need to modernize our aging infrastructure and maintain reliability and less by our need to support load growth. As a result, our strategic objectives, investment thesis, dividend growth and resulting earnings outlook remain on track. Slide 17 provides our EWC outlook for EBITDA with separate estimates for the nuclear plants that are closed or planned to be closed. Current forecast is based on market prices as of year end. As I mentioned, market prices have declined since that time. One other thing that we closely monitor is our cash and credit position. Slide 18 summarizes our cash flow and credit metrics. Efforts focused on improving cash flow and the de-risking the business create both value and stability. Our goal is to remain solidly in the investment grade credit rating range for all our rated entities while we support the growth of the rest of the business. Now on the slide but certainly germane to the credit position is our pension liability. Despite a slight negative return on our pension assets in 2015, we were able to improve our funded status by about $250 million. Although many factors impact that number, reality is that we continue to take sustainable steps to manage our pension obligation in a methodical way. This includes program changes, liability management, efforts and investment of nearly $800 million over the past 2 years. Over the next 3 years, we expect to contribute over $1.1 billion to our pension trust, including almost $400 million in 2016. Before closing, I would like to acknowledge that David Borde is with us today on the earnings call. We recently announced that David will assume Paula Waters role as Vice President of Investor Relations in mid-March. You will have the opportunity to meet David on the road in the coming weeks. Davids background on Wall Street, both as a lawyer and an investment banker, makes him a strong fit for the Investor Relations role. He also worked as part of Entergys corporate development group before becoming a key team member supporting Theo and Utility strategy through his role as Director of Utilitys Finance Business Partners Group. David will continue to pursue the standard of excellence we have strived to achieve in our disclosure and our relations with all of you. At the same time, Paula is not going far. She has been given new responsibilities within utility where she will oversee top line growth strategies, including economic development and revenue forecasting in support of the five utility operating companies. We appreciate Paulas remarkable tenure in Investor Relations as she has been instrumental and helping us clarify our discussions and strengthening our relationships with you, the analyst community. Thank you, Paula. And now, the Entergy team is available to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dan Eggers: Hi, good morning guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Dan Eggers: If I could jump to the back of the slide you have updated CapEx numbers, the CapEx increased quite a bit from what you had at EEI, part of thats probably union slippage, but can you just help us think about the rate base growth and the effect of bonus depreciation on the rate base growth net of the increasing CapEx?
Drew Marsh: Dan, this is drew. And so we previously discussed that for the first couple of years, we already had an expectation for bonus depreciation baked into our financials. And so getting out to 2018, there is really not much impact on our overall rate based expectation, in fact it still remains right in the middle of our previous ranges that we provided, so really quite minimal impact on us overall through the guidance range or through the outlook range.
Dan Eggers: And then what was the rest of the increase beyond union to fill on the 16 to 18 CapEx?
Drew Marsh: I think it was mostly just minor project adjustments. I do think that there is any major elements in there that would be worth calling out at this point, I dont think.
Dan Eggers: And I guess on load growth and kind of the expectations for that number to bounce back after maybe a little bit slower for 16 than expected, where do you rank your confidence in that reset in growth today versus say six months ago or at the last Analyst Day and what is the visibility to that underlying industrial gain?
Leo Denault: Dan, this is the Leo. I think from our perspective, we would rank that confidence higher, a little higher than we had say few years ago at the analyst meeting, because primarily a lot of the projects have advanced relative to that point in time and also we have gotten a better line of sight on whats really happening from an economic perspective as it relates to what you are seeing with commodity markets. As we talked about at EEI, as you look 15 through 18, basically 95% of that growth or what we call new and expansion projects were related to projects that were in advance stages. And we continued to see that to be the case. Thats not to say that we see some projects, smaller projects, maybe falloff as we have gone forward. And if you also recall at EEI, that 95%, about 70% was made up of basically a handful of large projects that were in advance stages and those projects were primarily in the steel and ethane cracker, we did have an LNG project. We also have projects in the ammonia area, as well as methanol. So it was spread across a lot of various segments. As we continue to get closer and as we move closer in time to the expected construction, data completion dates of these projects, clearly we get more visibility around where those projects are just by the sheer passage of time. I think the other thing that we have gotten more visibility around is whats going on with our existing customers and got more granularity as to whats happening in that particular area. We dont really see much growth when we talk about the 4% to 5% coming from our existing customer base. But as we have talked about in the past, our existing customers are large industrial customers are on fixed rate  fixed demand charge type contracts and so while we may see any volumetric fluctuations, we really dont see accompanying fluctuations in revenue when you talk about downside situations. So I think our confidence is higher. I mean clearly, as Drew said in his script, there are still existential factors that can affect what we are seeing. But we monitor this on a very regular basis and we need to try to get as much intelligence around this as we possibly can, both from a customer perspective as well as the macroeconomic perspective.
Dan Eggers: So you are not seeing erosion in these existing customers because of an economic slowdown kind of on a global basis, so you are not expecting them to do worse, you would expect them to stay where they are is that effectively embedded in guidance?
Leo Denault: I mean I would expect that there is always the risk they could do worse. But we have adjusted our expectation around that group based on what we see and what we know today. And we did adjust it downwards as compared to where we were a number of months ago.
Drew Marsh: Dan this is Drew. And of course you have seen in the last couple of quarters, we have seen lower growth in the industrial sector, but the new and expanding customers have been growing in the industrial space about 3% and existing customers have been detracting from it about 2.5%. So we are expecting a little bit of that same thing in 2016.
Dan Eggers: Okay, got it. Thank you, guys.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just a follow-up a little bit on Dans last question, if you will, can you comment on sort of the non-industrial trends I suppose, just if we try to look at the mix 60-40, I suppose it would imply something shifting there as well, but I will let you elaborate?
Leo Denault: Julien, are you relating to just the 16 period or the same period Dan was referring to?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actually, lets stick with 16.
Leo Denault: Okay. I think when we think about growth in kind of the non-industrial sector for 16. First, I would start by saying if you look at the quarterly GSP across the Gulf South region, we see numbers probably anywhere from 2.5% to 4% in the 16, 17 timeframe. Also I think if you look at what we have experienced even in 15 for the companies within that region, we have residential sales growth ranging from 1.5% to about 3.5% on a weather adjusted basis. We had commercial sales growth basically in the 1% to 2% on a weather adjusted basis in that area. And so as we look forward, we see for example on the commercial side, major projects that happened in 15 that will have a full year effect in 16, that contribute to what we view as a fairly reasonable sales growth expectation on the commercial side. In the residential area, we do  are seeing pockets of what we call maybe the multiplier effect related to the industrial growth that we see again in that Gulf South, Gulf Coast regional area. And I would also say that one thing that we take advantage of in 2016 is another day of kilowatt hour sales that have some small impact on our expectation in 2016 as well. So, around 1%, which is where we are when you adjust, when you take out the total growth and the impact of industrial, again, macroeconomic effects, we see  or impacts we could see at the industrial level, we could see at the residential and commercial. But we have as I said in response to Dans question we have done a lot of work around updating our expectations relative to that. And at this point, we feel fairly comfortable with where we are.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just to be clear that you are saying not much of a change on the non-industrial?
Leo Denault: I would say you mean 15 over 16 in terms of not much of a change or that was just where we were thinking
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, exactly.
Leo Denault: If you look at 15 weather-adjusted, I think residential was about 0.6%, commercial was about 0.4%. I think what we are seeing in 16 and our assumption is something closer to 1%.
Drew Marsh: And thats consistent with where we were at sort of EEI November timeframe. The residential commercial expectations havent changed much.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just a quick clarification, if you can on the expectations for FitzPatrick and the retirement timeline, is there any scenario here that you could be looking at implementing a ZEC or whatever you want to call it, scheme, perhaps margin positive presumably?
Bill Mohl: Julien, this is Bill. At this point in time, there is no clarity or certainty around what that program is and what the actual value associated with it would be. So, we have no plans as it relates to changing our focus on shutting down that plant on January 27. We do support the concept of a clean energy standard and I think that, that makes sense, but we really need to understand the details of it and assure that it is actually implemented.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Paul Patterson: We are going to miss, Paula. But anyway, I just want to touch base on the Palisades impairment and how that impacts  well, the Palisades and I guess the other impairment in the wind and what have you and how that impacts 2016 guidance? If I heard you correctly, you said there was a $0.49 impact that I understand its sort of complicated, so I dont want you to go through any laborious detail. But just in general, so if you could highlight what that is? Did I hear that correctly I guess, I mean
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, Paul, its Drew. A couple of things there. So I think that its spread across a couple of different categories when you think about these impairments. There is an impairment piece thats in net revenue for fuel. There is an impairment piece, which is in O&M for refueling outage expenses and then there is an impairment piece which is in depreciation for the asset itself. And so, we have actually broken down for you in the back, in the appendix, on Slides 46 and 47, we give a lot of detail about the plants that are sort of ongoing and the plants that are planned to be closed or are closed and talk about where you can see those impairment effects for those three buckets.
Paul Patterson: Those impacts  I mean, the impairment was done in the fourth quarter. Did those impacts  how do they go into 2017, I guess?
Drew Marsh: Into 2017?
Paul Patterson: Yes. I mean, are they continuing or how do you follow what I am saying it just seems like a large number?
Drew Marsh: Yes. Well, I mean, it is. I mean if you think about all those plants that were impaired, they are still going to be operating in 16, so you are still going to see the effects of that stuff. Once you get into 17, as Bill said and we announced on January 27 we will be shutting down FitzPatrick, so you wont see those same kind of effects as that starts to fall away. But Pilgrim and Palisades will still be there. So, you will still see those effects for those plants continue to go on. Now, once we refuel Pilgrim, I guess it will be a little bit different if we make that decision. And that would be I think those costs would be expensed if we go down that path. And so it will change things a little bit at that point, but you will still continue to see those impairment effects for those two assets, because they are still operating potentially beyond 17.
Paul Patterson: I guess what I am wondering is with respect to Palisades, I mean, what caused this big write-off in the contracted plant? It wasnt completely clear to me, is it just the lifespan has been changed or your market expectations after the contract has expired?
Drew Marsh: Yes. So, I think what changed there is the fact that we made decisions around the other single unit assets. So, Pilgrim, FitzPatrick and Vermont Yankee were all single unit assets. Palisades was the only remaining one out there, although it did have the contract. Because of our decisions for the other three, we had to again more closely assess the probabilities associated with the life expectancy of the Palisades unit. And when we did that, it failed the accounting test for the impairment. And we are continuing to operate the plant till 2022. The operational decision is different than the accounting decision. We will make a decision around Palisades when its appropriate to do that out in the future and that will depend on the circumstances that exist at that time, the market conditions at that time, etcetera. But from an accounting perspective, we are forced by our other actions to take a close look at the Palisades unit.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just finally on the midpoint outlook, its a $0.40 range, just in terms of the term midpoint, how should we think about that? Is there some range outside of that that we should be thinking about or just elaborate a little bit on that terminology?
Drew Marsh: This idea was something that we originated, the idea of a midpoint outlook back at Analyst Day in 2014. And our expectation at that point of time was that by the time we got out to that date, because it was pretty far out there that our midpoint expectation might shift around a little bit. And so what we tried to do is signal to everybody about where it would land. But when we get out to that point, we would give you the actual guidance and give you a midpoint for where that would be. So, I guess similar to 16, where we landed at $4.35, which was at the bottom of our range of potential midpoints. I guess there could be a little bit above or below the ranges that we are talking about. But so I guess the answer to your question directly, yes, there could be a little bit above or below in those out-years, but we are not at this point communicating anything differently than just the range that we have.
Leo Denault: Paul, this is Leo. Just this may or may not be helpful, but what we expect is the midpoint of the guidance to fall within that range.
Paul Patterson: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Leo Denault: Apparently, that was more helpful than any.
Operator: And the next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to just add on to Pauls question on thinking about Slide 47 and then also Slide 40. There are number of line items. But I guess in total, when we look at some of these nuclear plants that maybe shutting down at some point in the future, because I understand I guess you are including the revenues from power generated, but some of the expenses are not included in sort of adjusted earnings. On a total basis from these nuclear units, whats the amount of expense that is effectively going to be excluded from adjusted earnings for these plants in say 16 or beyond?
Drew Marsh: In 16, I think its about $50 million of capital that would fall into that category, and I think thats on Slide 40. And then I think if there are any fuel expenses, if we would make that again, that decision to shutdown Pilgrim, there could be some additional expenses that ends up in that same category. But I think thats what we will be talking about, Stephen, mainly.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. So $50 million you said capital, would that be something that would be an expense but will be excluded from adjusted earnings or is that CapEx, I wasnt clear on that?
Drew Marsh: Well it is  it would otherwise be considered capital, but because of the situation where those plants are expected to shutdown, the accounting will force us to put that as an expense. So you will see it in the as reported as an expense, that $50 million in capital. We will break it out for you as a special item, so you can understand what that is. But thats the way it would be portrayed I believe in the financial statement.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. And what amount of fuel expense is being excluded from adjusted earnings?
Drew Marsh: I dont know that  have that number in front of me right now, so we will have to give that to you later Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: Okay understood. And then on ANO in column four, I think you laid out pretty clearly the cost of I believe $50 million in 2016, could you give a little color in terms of your assumption in the plan in terms of when you are able to move that out of column four and sort of what are the key challenges or steps that need to be taken to make that happen?
Drew Marsh: I will answer that. So just from a financial perspective, we dont have any costs beyond 2016. From an operational perspective in the NRC, I think there is a longer process there that goes on. And so while we may stop incurring costs, it may be a little bit longer into 2017. I think there is a possibility it could go even longer than that, but I dont believe that would be necessarily our expectation that the NRC would make a rating change there.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta: Hi guys and Paula, you will be missed and welcome David. So a quick question on the capital plan and your point that its the aging infrastructure that drives the growth and the CapEx, not as much the load growth. But I am assuming at some point, you do need load growth to kind of maintain your competitive rates and keep that rate and attract more I guess CapEx and more load into the region. So what is the minimum load growth that you look at from an industrial perspective, given the decline in load growth at least for 2016, how would you see the load growth out in the future and is there a minimum level that you would track to say you need that kind of load at least in terms of load growth to support the CapEx plan while keeping the rates in check?
Leo Denault: So Parful thats a good question. One thing to keep in mind, as you look at that capital plan, as you said, the generation piece of this is driven primarily by every year that goes by new technologies, improve the heat rate, cost efficiency, the environmental output of the new plants plus the old plants get older and more costly. So as time progresses, certainly we have the ability to benefit our customers with a more reliable, more environmentally friendly and lower production cost unit. And so we are doing that over time just like anyone would. It just so happens that this kind of seems to happen in big chunks in terms of when the facilities are required. So we are in the process of doing that. Recall that we have never been long generation also, so we are short  we anticipate being short generation out into the middle of the next decade even with if we were to have significantly lower growth. So the need for the generation will continue to exist and what we have mentioned before is we have some flexibility around the timing as it relates to the CTs. We have the deactivations of the units and certainly PPAs that roll off, that are all part of the mix. So its a combination of the need, but its also us making sure we have a risk mitigation strategy for the company and for its customers associated with how we put that in place. So I know there is no  at this industrial load growth number that we would give you that we say we no longer need this investment. But the fact of the matter is we would continue to be short with the ability to be in MISO and utilize the market over time as we go out there. And we wont see that changing under too many scenarios. The transmission investment is driven in large part by changing reliability requirements, similar type of activity as it relates to new technologies and the ability to improve the operations of the system as we go forward plus again, the age of the infrastructure requires some upgrading as well. As does our entry into MISO provide us with the opportunity to make deliverability of assets that before we couldnt into the market going forward as well. So in the transmission that we are doing from a reliability standpoint, a lot of that like the Lake Charles project, a lot of the load that we are going to serve there is already there, so its beefing up of the reliability, improving the infrastructure plus load growth that we already see under construction. So thats pretty solid as well under a variety of load growth scenarios. And then as we talked about before, we are also embarking on the MI side of things and as we go forward, there could be other things that would certainly show up, that could either replace things that may or may not fall out or upwards than that capital growth going forward on the distribution side, which is going to become more and more important again in the benefit  to benefit our customers. So I guess the bottom line here is there is an opportunity for us to continue to invest this capital because of structure is and where the state of the technology is. And we are also managing it in a real risk mitigation kind of strategy. Again, not getting long on the generation side, not getting out of our skis on the transmission side and I would like to make sure that we are well within the balance of anything that might happen on a load growth point of view. But you are right, the main benefits that we have from load growth are that it continues to provide us with that competitive advantage, whereas I mentioned in my script, we are today over 25% below the national average in our rates, that contributes to our ability to attract new business into the region so that we have the capability to do that more. And so things like the Continental Tire example that I mentioned and all the steps thats under construction that Leo mentioned, all of those, in addition to us managing our cost levels, the decline in natural gas prices, all of that go to contribute to that, rate advantage continuing and hopefully growing over time. And so, you cant really say at what load growth you not do the capital, its very robust over a variety of load growth scenarios, but we have to be mindful of the risk mitigation strategies that we would in place when we build those new plants or those CTs, but also other costs pending that we can do as it relates to our normal O&M, fuel costs and production costs as we put these new plans in place for example, that help us maintain that advantage. Thats kind of  its more complicated than just one number, I guess would be the answer. But its pretty robust across a variety of load growth scenarios.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Thank you, Leo. That was extremely helpful color. And finally just a quick question on taxes, I know you had reduced your NOL balance I think on the last call, now with bonus helping you as well, do you see yourselves being cash tax payers through the 18, 19 timeframe or it is the minimum tax cash tax during that period?
Drew Marsh: Praful I think what we said is we expect our cash tax rate to be around 10% through that period that you are talking about. And as I mentioned earlier, bonus depreciation was baked in for a good bit of that, so we would expect it to be about the same over that timeframe.
Praful Mehta: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question will come from Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Your line is open.
Charles Fishman: Thank you and good morning. On Arkansas, Leo, I recall that when you took your current position, this was one of your top three goals was to get an improved regulatory framework in Arkansas and now that you have it, I guess looking back and again I thought you said that your strategy was to tell Mississippi  or excuse me, to tell Arkansas that look at the industrial development in Mississippi if you have a favorable regulatory framework that can certainly support that development, I guess my question is was that the argument that helped win the day, number one. And I guess a related question would be is there anymore tweaking you would like to see in Arkansas, maybe besides a little higher allowed ROE?
Leo Denault: Well, I would say, first of all there is no argument that we have had with anybody on anything. And I know you just used that term, but I dont want that to be a term thats out there. The fact of the matter is that all of our jurisdictions, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, all of them, we are all interested in the exact same thing. We are all interested in growing the economies of the jurisdictions in the states in which we operate and same with the city of New Orleans. We have spent a lot of time with all those jurisdictions, including Arkansas sitting down with them. Our jurisdictional CEOs have done a wonderful job. Their regulatory folks have done a wonderful job. Theo has done a wonderful job of making sure that we sit down and find common ground with all of them around bettering the economy of the state. And Charles, I started out with the four stakeholders and our objectives for them around the first quartile TSR, first quartile customer satisfaction, etcetera, we bring jobs to the state, we do good for the company, we could do good for the community, we could do good for the employees, its great for the political environment as well. So all we have done is we have sat down and discussed that with our regulators as well as the politicians in our regions to describe to them our desire to participate in that with them and help them achieve their objectives. And so what we have crafted in Texas with riders, in Arkansas with the forward-looking FRP, with Mississippi with the forward features at FRP, the way assets are recovered in Louisiana and New Orleans, etcetera. What we have accomplished with them is that common ground about how giving us the financial flexibility to make you all comfortable with the investments that we have through the regulatory process helps us attract the Big River steels, the Sasols of the world, the Continental Tires of the world to come to our region, to buy power from us, to help us invest in the infrastructure and create tens of thousands jobs. We are working on this together to be able to do that. So, I wouldnt say that anybody won the day in Arkansas other than the State of Arkansas and we participated in that in a small way and they worked together with us to create something that allowed us to do that. And I would say that its no different than the workforce development program that I mentioned in my script. We are spending $5 million over the next 5 years to help train people to work at those plants that we have helped attract. And thats good for all four of our stakeholders as well as we do that. So, it really has been the last few years of extraordinary collaboration, foresight buyer regulators and us listening to them as much as them listening to us.
Charles Fishman: Is there anything in Arkansas with respect to regulatory framework that you would like to tweak?
Drew Marsh: Well, I am not sure that, thats something that we would need to do a lot of at the moment. Certainly, there is always things that we want to accomplish, but really thats going to depend on the environment as we go forward, we go forward with the grid modernization, we go forward with AMI, we go forward with different things than what we have today that might require some further collaboration with those folks. But right now, we have got to make a filing under the first forward-looking FRP and get that underway before we started worrying about changing things.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Well, I think you are being a little modest, because I know this was one of your goals in Arkansas and I think you did accomplish it, so congratulations. And that was my only question.
Leo Denault: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Latoya and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. We plan to file our annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC next week. The Form 10-K provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing 855-859-2056, confirmation ID 85410755. The telephone replay will be available until February 25. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President, Investor Relations Leo Denault - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Drew Marsh - Chief Financial Officer Theo Bunting - Group President, Utility Operations Bill Abler - Vice President, Commercial Operations
Analysts: Praful Mehta - Citigroup Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt  Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants on the phone lines have been placed on mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Do note todays program is being recorded. I would like to now introduce our host for todays program, Mr. Paula Waters, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Paula Waters: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault and then Drew Marsh, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone who has questions, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the companys SEC filings. Now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thanks, Paula and good morning everyone. Before we get started, there have been some questions about the forward-looking numbers we plan to disclose for utility, parent and other earnings at the upcoming Edison Electric Institute Financial Conference. Just to give you a quick preview they will be in line with our previous disclosures.  Regarding third-quarter results, with the exception of impairments at EWC, results were largely in line with our expectations. However some of the drivers turned out differently than we originally anticipated, including stronger than normal weather that boosted earnings by $0.16 per share, which was offset by lower weather adjusted residential sales and regulatory compliance costs at the Arkansas nuclear 1 plant.  As we've noted previously, we currently anticipate approximately $85 million of costs at ANO for additional Nuclear Regulatory Commission inspection activities arising out of its placement in Column 4 of the reactor oversight process action metrics. These costs will impact operational results in both 2015 and 2016. The Pilgrim nuclear power station will also undergo an additional inspection activities related to its placement in Column 4 by the NRC which will increase its cost in the coming years. We realize these items, while temporary, are disappointing, we will do our best to mitigate their impact. However our longer-term objectives remain intact. Therefore as we work our way through the near-term operational issues at ANO and Pilgrim, we maintain our focus on our long-term opportunities.  To that end, by most any measure the last few months, in October in particular, have been very productive. The actions we've taken demonstrate execution on the strategy we've outlined to you for some time.  For the utility, the strategy is to grow the business by investing capital in ways that benefit our customers. This strategy is centered on our obligation as well as our opportunity to invest capital, to replace aging infrastructure, strengthen reliability, meet economic development and other growth needs and ensure that the environmental profile of our generation fleet is in line with the evolving regulatory framework.  To facilitate execution of this investment opportunity, to enhance service to existing customers, as well as adding new customers, we seek to align our objectives with our regulators expectations so that we have the regulatory support and financial flexibility to make those investments.  During the last quarter, at the utility we have received approval for the business combination of Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana Entergy which was completed on October 1. Closed on the transfer of the Algiers portion of Entergy Louisiana to Entergy New Orleans received approval of the renewable purchase power agreement in Arkansas which applied provisions for legislation passed earlier this year, advanced our generation plan through filing an application for approval to build another new combined cycle gas turbine plant in Louisiana and administering the competitive request for proposal processes for long-term capacity in Louisiana and Texas, which include market testing two self-build CCGTs, completed nine transmission projects totaling $92 million in investment while being on track to complete the transmission work required to support a major customer in December, ahead of that customers planned date to begin taking transmission service, and received regulatory approvals in Texas, Louisiana and from Utility Committee of the City Council of New Orleans for a settlement to end the system agreement next year.  For EWC, the strategy rests on safe operations of our nuclear plants and managing risks so we get the most out of that business. Execution on this strategy requires disciplined and responsible decision-making in a volatile environment. We have also taken action consistent with our strategy.  We announced the sale of the Rhode Island State Energy Center CCGT for $490 million. We announced the decision to close Pilgrim by June 1, 2019 and today we're announcing plans to shut down the FitzPatrick nuclear power plant at the end of the current operating cycle in late 2016 or early 2017.  New York State officials worked as hard as we did over the past two months to reach a constructive and mutually beneficial agreement to avoid a shutdown of FitzPatrick but our efforts were ultimately unsuccessful.  From a corporate level, we've added another new board member, one of three this year with expertise that helps position us for the future and importantly raised the dividend for the first time since 2010. While dividend decisions will be made annually, it is our intention to provide steady and consistent growth in our dividend in the coming years.  Continuing to deliver on our strategy will be the key to meeting this objective. Earlier this year we outlined what we needed to do to execute on our strategy. Our achievements to date are listed on Slide 3. These significant accomplishments could not have been possible without the dedication and commitment of the entire 13,000 member Entergy team, as well as the dedication and commitment of those we partner with to grow the communities we serve. However focus is squarely on what's next to continue the momentum we've worked so hard to gain.  One such item we're working on at the utility is completing the planned acquisition of the nearly 2000 MW Union Power Station. Entergy Louisiana, successor in interest to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Arkansas and Entergy New Orleans have agreed to purchase this modern efficient CCGT at approximately half the cost of building a comparable new plant. Just last week Louisiana Public Service Commission approved the settlement in support of the transaction. No parties were opposed.  We also continue to explore settlement options with the advisors in New Orleans and in Arkansas a decision by the Arkansas Public Service Commission is pending which we asked for by December 1. And industrial group is the only opposing party. We remain on track to close the transaction by year-end subject to pending regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.  We've also been working with the APSC and other public officials to give Entergy Arkansas the financial flexibility it needs to make investments and help attract new business to the state. After passage of legislation providing for a platform for progressive rate regulation, we're now focused on the pending rate case. In addition to the Union acquisition, a significant component of the rate case is the approximately $800 million of added investments since the last case.  In late September, staff [ph] filed testimony recommending a $217.9 million rate increase and 9.65% return on equity, an increase over the current 9.5% authorized ROE. As a reminder, Entergy Arkansas is seeking a $268 million base rate increase and a 10.2% ROE, factoring in rider offsets and that increase requested is $167 million.  While we continue to work through the process, we view the staffs testimonials constructive and look forward to working with all of our stakeholders toward a result that aligns us all for growing the economy in the state. The settlement deadline is December 31 of this year.  In September, Entergy Texas field with the Public Utility Commission of Texas for rider recovery of nearly $140 million of incremental transmission and distribution rate base since the 2014 rate case. These rider filings seek nearly $20 million in new revenue requirements. Decisions are expected by early next year.  Another area where we have worked diligently to align with our regulators is on the subject of the Entergy system agreement. The system agreement has been a long-standing source of frustration and disagreements among our regulators. Entergy Arkansas exited in late 2013 and Entergy Mississippi is preparing to exit within a weeks time. We are now well on our way to ending this arrangement altogether by September 1 of next year. After gaining approval by the LPSC, the PUCT and the Utility Committee of the City Council of New Orleans, the settlement is expected to be taken up by the City Council this week, leaving the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission as the final outstanding approval.  Ending the system agreement next year is not expected to have a significant financial impact to ongoing consolidated earnings. The benefits are two-fold: it simplifies our business and allows us to focus on jurisdictional specific matters, especially the utilitys role in economic growth in our regions. And it allows interactions with our regulators in all jurisdictions to be squarely focused on investing to improve operations and grow our business to benefit customers.  At EWC, our top priority [indiscernible] is also an important objective for the future. In October, we began the process to obtain the necessary approvals to support a close of the RISEC CCGT sale by year-end. We've also begun the process toward an orderly shutdown of Pilgrim and will soon begin the process for FitzPatrick. These decisions are difficult knowing the effect of plants closure will have on our employees and the surrounding communities. We are committed to ensuring were fair to all of our employees as they go through this difficult time.  The sale of the RISEC power plant and the closing of Pilgrim and FitzPatrick are the right business decisions. Each meet our criteria for assessing strategic options around the EWC fleet. They are positive NPV decisions over the long term and improve cash flow in the near term and help to derisk the company.  That said, I can tell you they are some of the most difficult decisions we as a management team as well as our Board of Directors have ever made. So while the decisions themselves are clearly appropriate, we all had hoped there could have been a different outcome.  With the closure of FitzPatrick and Pilgrim, well have two remaining nuclear generating facilities in operation within EWC, Palisades and Newpoint [ph]. Palisades is a power purchase agreement for virtually all of its output until April 2022. For Newpoint [ph] we will continue to work through the license renewal process.  We will also continue to advocate for reforms through wholesale market designs. Wholesale electricity markets are failing to produce accurate price signals to reflect true marginal cost of providing energy and capacity, challenging the long-term sustainability of these markets. The FERC issued an order on energy market price formation in September following a series of technical workshops to discuss issues regarding price formation in energy and ancillary service markets. FERC indicated this is a first step in the energy price formation initiative. We will continue to participate actively for fair market designs that compensate all generators for the attributes they provide to the market.  Through this time of opportunity and change, we need strong governance by some leadership at the highest levels of the company. This year we welcomed three new board members: Patrick Condon, Karen Puckett and most recently Philip Fredrickson. Pat, Karen and Phil bring valuable experience to our board with expertise in utility, regulatory and financial matters, commodity markets, business strategy and leading businesses undergoing transformational change.  And last week we promoted new members of the executive leadership team, Paul Hinnenkamp, senior vice president and chief operating officer, and Tim Mitchell, acting chief nuclear officer. Pauls experience in nuclear and fossil generation and, most recently, leading our capital projects management organization will be instrumental in supporting utilitys growth strategy with safe and reliable operations and disciplined fiscal and project planning for our capital spending plans. Tim has the deep technical knowledge and strong leadership capabilities to lead the nuclear organization through the challenges in our nuclear fleet and drive towards excellence in operating all of our facilities safely, securely and reliably.  At the same time, we thank Mark Savoff, executive vice president and chief operating officer and Jeff Forbes, chief nuclear officer for their leadership and accomplishments. They both recently announced their upcoming retirements. We are grateful for their contributions and continued consultation and advice through this transition period.  We are looking forward to seeing you next week at the Annual EEI Financial Conference. Our accomplishments and the plans for the future are foundational to consistent utility, parent and other earnings growth and steady dividend growth. Weve started down the path of providing clarity around the future of EWC. Whether it's day-to-day operations of the business, were making strategic decisions, our sense of purpose and resolve remains on finding solutions that provide long-term benefits for our owners, customers, employees and the communities we serve.  Now I will turn the call over to Drew Marsh.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo and good morning everyone. Ill begin my remarks today with a review of our third-quarter results which are summarized on Slide 4 of the presentation.  Our operational results of $1.90 per share, excluding special items related to the impairment of EWC, Pilgrim and FitzPatrick nuclear plant and the decision to close Vermont Yankee, were up from third quarter of 2014. As Leo noted, this was in line with our original expectations overall but not in line with the expected drivers. Strong weather made up for ongoing ANO Column 4 expenses and lower-than-expected residential sales growth.  As reported, earnings were negative $4.04 for the quarter driven by the impairments of Pilgrim and FitzPatrick. Details of the impairments and the related accounting were provided in the Form 8-K filed on October 16.  Moving to Slide 5, utility, parent and other results were up quarter-over-quarter. Contributor [ph] to the increase was net revenue which added $0.36 per share, a large portion of this was from weather but the remainder from higher industrial usage, recovery of the productive investments such as Ninemile 6 and items offset in operations and maintenance categories. Though net revenue was higher, we originally expected an additional $0.05 per share in net revenue from sales growth but missed this target with lower weather adjusted residential sales volume, down one-tenth of 1% quarter over quarter.  Also contributing to the favorable variance is an asset write-off of $0.23 per share related to the settlement of the Mississippi rate base that was included in 2014 third quarter results. The impact of these favorable variances is partly reduced by higher utility non-fuel O&M expenses of $0.16 per share. Roughly $0.04 of this variance is offset in net revenue. Of the remaining variance, $0.07 was due to NRC inspection cost for ANO and the balance primarily due to higher distribution reliability expenses.  Sales volume from industrial customers increased quarter over quarter by 4% as shown on Slide 6. Adding nearly 300 gigawatt-hours to our sales this quarter were new and expansion industrial projects mostly from ramp up in the core alkaline and petrochemical sectors. Volume from our existing customers recovered from the second-quarter decline and came in above third quarter 2014 levels as petroleum refineries ran at high utilization levels. And for next quarter one of our largest customers is already in an extended outage. So we currently expect industrial sales to less robust in the fourth quarter. Recall that lower sale due to short-term outages of existing customers can be less impactful due to demand charges.  EWC third quarter operational results on Slide 7 were $0.18 in 2015, $0.05 lower than in the third quarter of 2014. Though the closure of the Vermont Yankee added $0.09 to operational result this quarter, this was more than offset by a decrease of $5.80 per megawatt hour, the average price earned by the nuclear plants still in operation.  Operating cash flow on Slide 8 shows overall lower cash flow this quarter as compared to the third quarter of 2014. Cash flow at utility was lower primarily due to $300 million of Hurricane Isaac securitization proceeds received last year. Declines in EWC net revenue also contributed to lower cash flow.  As we move past our third-quarter results, we will take one more look at our overall 2015 expectations relative to guidance. Beginning on the right side of Slide 9, utility , parent and other adjusted EPS is expected to be lower than anticipated driven primarily by $0.17 of O&N expenses from ANO Column 4 management, $0.06 of incremental reliability spending and $0.07 of lower-than-expected total weather adjusted sales primarily residential. This brought us below our adjusted EPS expectations which is disappointing.  As on Slide 5, adjusted utility, parent, and other EPS removes the effects of special items, weather and tax items. However with both favorable weather and income tax variances as well as the operational income effect of impairments for Pilgrim and FitzPatrick. On the left side of the slide, we expect to exceed the original 2015 guidance range and are adjusting the range by $5.50 to $6.10. Currently we are tracking to around $6.  We mentioned before that we have been working on tax items which could be recognized toward the end of this year. One of those is connected with the recently completed business, combination of ELL and EGSL. After guaranteed sharing of $107 million with our customers well recognize $1.50 per share in the fourth quarter. Although there could still be other tax items resolved and recognize in the fourth quarter, we expect our 2015 tax position to our REIT to exceed our original guidance expectations. In other tax matters, our third quarter Form 10-Q will discuss the recent settlement with the IRS from the OA09 audit.  The agreement on treatment for our 2009 position regarding nuclear decommissioning liabilities will reduce our federal net operating loss carry forward or NOL from $12.3 billion to approximately 1.9 billion. Having said that there are a couple points Id like to make about the settlement.  First, the settlement has no material cash consequences or impact on net income due to low utilization of the NOL. And in second, while it reduces our net NOL today we continue to pursue our tax strategies. We expect our cash tax rate to remain below statutory rates about 10% in the next few years.  Turning now to EWC. As Leo discussed in his remarks weve reached an agreement to sell Rhode Island State Energy Center for $490 million and I expect to close the deal by the end of the year. Weve also made the difficult decisions to close Pilgrim and FitzPatrick. Each of this decision provides greater clarity on the future of EWC.  Rating agencies have reacted positively to the focus in improvements of utility and the difficult decisions weve made for EWC. Following the Rhode Island and Pilgrim announcements, S&P noted the reduction of exposure to merchant generation in support of our credit quality. And Moodys view the developments along with the utilities support of regulatory environment and improving rate design as credit positive.  A summary of our credit metrics and credit range can be found on Slide 10. At utility we were pleased with the successful completion of the Louisiana business combination on October 1 and our confidence of the newly combined Entergy Louisiana entity will bring benefits to our stakeholders. Moodys assigned the combined ELL a rating of A2 for senior secured first mortgage bonds. At the same time Moodys affirmed credit rating for Entergy Corporation and raised the outlook to positive and ratings for Entergy New Orleans were also positive upgraded. These positive credit rating actions acknowledge the strong financial footing of the company and in doing so help preserve our ability to access the capital needed to finance investment in the business at low-cost for the benefit of our customers.  As noted on Slide 11 we will have more information at the EEI financial conference next week where we will continue the discussion of our business strategy longer-term outlooks and 2016 drivers. This will include more detailed information for EWC, utility sales and the opportunities and risks for our 2016 expectations. And As Leo said at the outset, we still see our utility, parent and other EPS for 2016 and 2017 consistent with our previous disclosures. We will provide detailed guidance for 2016 during our fourth quarter earnings call. As we continue to lay the groundwork for growth, we look forward to moving ahead with our strategies to create value for our customers, our owners and our employees and the communities we serve. And now the Entergy team is available to answer questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta : So I had a quick question on the cash taxes, given the change in the NOL position down to 1.9 billion, I know you clarified that you will still have a pretty low cash tax rate. Could we understand whats the driver or what helps you get to that low cash tax rate given the NOL position change?
Drew Marsh: Sure, Praful, this is Drew. As we talked in the past, and we have a portfolio of strategies out there that we are pursuing and those strategies are still intact. Over time we can see the NOL start to move back up again but we have to go -- right now we just settled, so the NOL is back down to where it is at 1.9 billion. So we just want to make sure that when you saw it come down youd know what the driver was and what the settlement was. The important thing is that our tax team is still here, they are still working hard on new ideas and new strategies and we expect that those will continue to bear some fruit going forward. 
Praful Mehta : And then in terms of the FitzPatrick retirement, from a decommissioning perspective, do you expect there will be any impact from a cash flow perspective to Entergy or is the decommissioning fund  fully funded and how do you see that playing out?
Drew Marsh: Well this is Drew again. So the decommissioning fund meets all the NRC requirements and consistent with how Vermont Yankee did, we would expect the same kind of approach for FitzPatrick going forward, so we wouldn't see or anticipate any cash contributions to the decommissioning trust fund associated with decommissioning the plant. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson : Yes, hi, how are you. Just in terms of the tax rate, the 10%, that is the cash tax rate. Is that correct?
Drew Marsh: Yes sir.
Paul Patterson : And whats the expected book tax rate that we will see in earnings? 
Leo Denault: Well the book tax rate as you know we don't usually give out a forecast for book tax rate until the prompt year. There are definitely some things that could improve over the statutory rate that weve used in our forward-looking expectations but at that this point were not prepared to say exactly what those are. Theres too many things going on in conversations with federal tax authorities, state tax authorities, state regulators to be able to successfully pin that down until we get closer to that time. 
Paul Patterson : And then with respect to Slide 36 and it looks like you guys are going to be expensing the fuel and other things associated with FitzPatrick and Pilgrim as special items. I'm wondering how will you guys be treating the revenue? 
Drew Marsh: Well the revenue will be operation  what we are going to be choosing to  not choosing, what we will be treating as special items or things that would otherwise have been capitalized, so any significant capital expenditures or in the case of Pilgrim refueling outage costs or fuel costs that would have normally otherwise been capitalized and amortized over coming cycles, those will be considered special items and were just  I think for just the sake of making a clear which pieces are part of the ongoing operations and which pieces arent, thats the same approach that we used with Vermont Yankee and we think its more helpful that way. We will try to be as transparent as possible about all the moving parts in there. 
Paul Patterson : Okay, then just in general with the economies of scale, you have shut down three nukes in a pretty short period of time in the Northeast. Is there an impact on the economies of scale of what is left, meaning in the allocation of expenses or any thoughts on that? 
Leo Denault: Yes, there definitely is the lot of economies of scale, I mean we manage our nuclear fleet as a fleet across the North and Southern utility nuclear assets. So there is -- we have a lot of economies of scale but it will be shrinking over the retirement schedule in the next few years, depending on how far you go with the retirement schedule depends on how much of an impact that economies of scale has, for the Northeast we do have about $35 million of plant overhead at each plant and about half of that is direct costs. And so beyond that we will be targeting a level of costs that are prudent for the business size and the size of the fleet going forward to make sure the plant stays safe and reliable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold : Good morning, guys. Just to clarify, you have said very clearly that you expect the 2016 and 2017 utility parent and other outlooks to be unchanged or at least I think that is what I heard. But are you also saying that you are guiding prompt year -- beyond the prompt year, your guide to statutory tax rate, so is 2016 still good assuming a statutory tax rate or is that one of the things that might shift as you give us the drivers? 
Leo Denault: Its assuming the statutory tax rate, were trying to hold quite frankly Jonathan the forward-looking stuff at EEI and we just removed it from this to do it at EEI next week. But it seemed to raise some questions, so the previous disclosure that was at the statutory tax rate that's what we were talking about.
Jonathan Arnold : And so you expect that to still be the case? 
Leo Denault: And we hope that  to the earlier question about the effective tax rate I guess, we would hope to do better than the statutory tax rate in 16 but were not prepared yet to identify that but taking that aside we still are at the current disclosure that we put forth previously.
Jonathan Arnold : If I may just on one other issue around guidance, the ANO costs that you referenced those as I think $85 million which is the same number between 15 and 16 that was in the 10-Q. Were those already in the guidance you showed us last quarter fully or is there an element of that being added in? 
Leo Denault: No, those are already fully baked into the guidance. They were not in the guidance that we set up at analyst day last year. Just to be clear, so analyst day last year was when we originally set up our range of where we thought the midpoint could land between 435 and 475 and it didn't include ANO at that point and expected higher interest rates for pension benefits etc. So there were several things that have moved around but ANO was specifically not included at that time but it is now.
Jonathan Arnold : And was it included when you showed us $3.65 last quarter  
Leo Denault: $3.65 is for 15, just to be clear. And it was not  we originally said $3.65, that was at the beginning of this year, thats before we had clarity around what ANO was going to be, so it was not included in the $3.65. 
Jonathan Arnold : So thats part of the change to this $3.30 number? 
Leo Denault: Yes, thats exactly right. So the drivers between the 365 and 330, I think its in my script but its like $0.17 is related to ANO and I am sorry was that -- $0.06 O&M and some other stuff. 
Jonathan Arnold : So similarly on the 16 outlook, that was the $35 million of ANO that you disclosed in the 10-Q would not have been in that range but you are saying the range is still good so something else must have offset it? 
Leo Denault: Thats right, what we said, the lower end of the range is what we previously had said. 
Jonathan Arnold : But that was again without the ANO drag, am I right in that?
Leo Denault: That is with the ANO drag. 
Jonathan Arnold : The lower end comment included the ANO drag but it wasn't in the 15 $3.65? 
Leo Denault: Thats correct. I think I am confusing you worse than, than I really need to but our original guidance for 16 was $4.35 to $4.75 where we said at the lower end, that includes ANO. For 15, it was at $3.65 that did not include ANO but the $3.30 does now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : So let me actually start where you guys just left off there. In terms of weather normalized impact, the 2015 update you just provided, I know you just alluded to the ANO negative hit but you have had $0.23 if I have the year to date positive weather. What is kind of the impact of the weather normalized sales year to date if you will? 
Leo Denault: I believe that the weather normalized sales year-to-date  I dont know  I cant think of the year to date number off the top of my head. For the full year I believe its $0.07 of which about $0.08 is residential. So not weather, just residential, weather adjusted. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Turning to more strategic issues. Looking at the nuclear business today, how are you thinking about Indian Point? Is this something, Indian Point Palisades, is this something you would consider continuing to own just as two standalone units given the continued portfolio benefit of owning it in the context of the regulated business or is this something that you would imagine that you could arrive at a strategic juncture on? 
Leo Denault: This is Leo. I mean obviously we continue to evaluate what the best bring to do with those assets is but as we mentioned before and when they were talking about overheads a moment ago in that discussion we still have economies of scale and an operating capability with the nuclear assets and as Drew mentioned we do operate facilities as a fleet and we can continue to do that from an operational standpoint and so were prepared to do that, doesnt mean we arent looking at alternatives but as you know the alternatives around Indian Point are limited and we just have to go from here but obviously we can do it and we will if we have to and its not a problem for us but the strategic options obviously become limited given the regulatory approvals required et cetera.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : And just a clarification therein. The spring refueling outage on Pilgrim, that is a final decision now that you intend to pursue that rather than retire going into that? 
Leo Denault: We have not  in which year?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : The spring 2017 refueling outage, have you committed to doing that or is there still the thought process you could buy back the capacity? 
Leo Denault: No, we have not committed to do that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. 
Paul Ridzon : A quick question. On Jonathan Arnold's question, you referenced 3.30, is that really be 3.35 I see on slide nine? 
Drew Marsh: Oh yes, I apologize. Yes, its $3.35.
Paul Ridzon : And year to date, UPNO is at 3.55 so that imply we are going to have a loss in the fourth quarter? 
Drew Marsh: Is that including tax and weather, the $3.30 is tax weather and special items adjusted. 
Paul Ridzon : But your year to date results are $3.55 at UPNO? I'm just trying to bridge from here to there. 
Drew Marsh: That includes weather and taxes, I believe. 
Paul Ridzon : So $3.35 does not include weather?
Drew Marsh: Thats correct. 
Paul Ridzon : And then is $50 million this year and $35 million next year is still the right split for ANO? 
Drew Marsh: Thats correct
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd : I wanted to just follow up on Fitzpatrick and check whether there are any limits on being able to put the plant into safe store or if there are other approaches being discussed that would be perhaps more rapid on actual decommissioning of the facility? Should we be assuming a long-term safe store option or is that still to be determined? 
Bill Abler: Stephen, this is Bill. I think you should generally assume a safe store option, were going to have to go through the process of getting a detailed decommissioning cost estimate we put together and then file our post shutdown activity report closer to the shutdown date but we are assuming the same type of approach we used at the Vermont Yankee.
Stephen Byrd : Just on Indian Point, there has been a series of extensions of the standstill agreement with the state of New York on sort of CZM related topics. Should we be thinking given that they are having those extensions that there is very much an active dialogue going on there, active discussions. It struck me as likely that there are active discussions given the continued short-term extensions of that standstill. Any color on the dialogue there? 
Bill Abler: Stephen we have been in some active discussions but that standstill agreement date expired, so we will go back to our position on that before we executed the standstill, again we feel very confident our legal position that we had an effective withdrawal of the CGM application and as always were open to constructive discussions with state. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of 
Steve Fleishman : Thanks. A couple of questions. First, Leo, could you maybe give us some sense of how you kind of came at the dividend decision that you did in terms of just target payout or something of that sort? 
Leo Denault: Sure Steve. With the growth in investment and rate base and resulting earnings growth at utility, parent and other as we have been mentioning for some time its our objective to provide the glide path into a consistent more predictable dividend path, as we mentioned in the past we've taken more of I guess a lumpy approach to it where we raised it 29% one year and then we take a few years off and we raised it $0.10 or something like that. So as we look out into the future consistent with our expectations around the growth in the utility parent and other segment of the business, were kind of on a glide path, so we would hope to provide a consistent growth that will work its way into that payout ratio over the next few years. 
Steve Fleishman : Which is the payout ratio target is at 65 to 75?
Leo Denault: Correct. At any given time we might be over or even under depending on how were growing business and then obviously it takes into consideration the reinvestment that we have and the opportunity for the utility for all the items that I outlined that we put in the disclosures. 
Steve Fleishman : Different question on the nuclear, just you guys historically used to have kind of top tier of nuclear operation so kind of having the ANO and Pilgrim kind of in this Tier 4 was definitely a change. And I think there have been some changes in management and I am just curious what are the implications for the broader nuclear fleet at Entergy, overall nuclear costs, are these really just specific can issues just for these two facilities? 
Leo Denault: First, Steve, we take the operation of the fleet, obviously the safe secure reliable, operations of fleet very seriously, we did have a couple of issues that kind of compounded on each other at both facilities to get us into Column 4, wed anticipate that this is not going to happen anywhere else and that will work our way out of this judiciously and expeditiously with the NRC over the coming couple years. 
Steve Fleishman : So its not costs like for the overall organization or the other plants related to that? 
Leo Denault: No. 
Steve Fleishman : And then a last question just in terms of the Fitzpatrick decision, there has been a decent amount of articles just on the political aspects of that potentially. Is there any sense of any reaction we might see from this not only just at Fitzpatrick but also maybe Indian Point in terms of political regulatory stuff? 
Leo Denault: That I cant really comment on that, Steve and we did work to try and come up with some way to extend the life of Fitzpatrick and we werent able to do that, it's in everybody's best interests but it just wasn't possible. But the state official worked just as hard as we did as I mentioned in my in my scripts to come to a solution and some thing is just difficult as you saw from the disclosures, there is a lot of money lost at that facility and thats certainly a difficult thing to overcome. But we certainly arent out looking for any kind of political issues. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides : Just curious on Fitzpatrick's decision, can you give us a view of how material from an EPS and from a cash flow accretion and dilution the retirement is for 2017 and beyond? 
Drew Marsh: So from a cash flow perspective we are going to be cash flow positive over the next few years consistent with the disclosure there of 225 to 273 million, so thats the biggest piece, I think that comes from the fact that were basically operating at a loss there and were also -- we would be incurring costs associated with capital and refuelling going forward. So I think that  those are the biggest things from a cash perspective. From a net income perspective there's a lot going on, because of the impairments youre going to see the costs associated with the refueling outages and fuel expense that we have, those are going to be reduced considerably. Obviously the depreciation is going to come way down. The one thing thats a little different for Fitzpatrick is the decommissioning costs, the decommissioning expense thats currently the fund is still sitting over with NIPA [ph] and so we won't see any changes there until a point where we actually get to fund and the liability over to us, so thats a little different than Vermont Yankee and Pilgrim going forward. So those are some of the main drivers that you will see I think, as we are thinking about the income statement for that business. 
Michael Lapides : But I think my question kind of focused on the materialness -- if there is such a word -- of how earnings accretive would it be if I looked at 2015 run rate versus 2017 and beyond post-retirement and how cash flow accretive. Directionally are we talking huge level of accretion or dilution to either of those, tiny, middle of the road? 
Drew Marsh: I think 225, 275 million is, thats materially accretive to me in terms of cash. The earnings piece  its going to be accretive but its not going to be hugely accretive upfront. There will be some accretion in 16 and then in 17 we will start incurring the decommissioning costs and stuff like that. We are going to provide some better transparency around what we think the drivers are at the EEI conference next week.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor,Pickering, Holt and Company.
Neel Mitra : Good morning. Just wanted to clarify where you are with the industrial sales growth? Obviously it was better this quarter than last quarter but still not up to kind of the 5% that you are guiding to. When do you expect to really ramp up and what are the factors that you are evaluating right now? 
Theo Bunting: Neel, this is Theo. You mentioned the 5% we were guiding to, I think we stated the year at 4.4% in 2015 and what we have seen is our new and expansions have come on line, they have come on line as we settled slower, been delayed, the ramp ups have been slower than anticipated but what we have also seen in the first two quarters of 2015 was we saw some low volumes with our existing customers and as you recall in the first couple of quarters that was really bigger -- had a big impact on the lower than expectations in terms of the industrial sales. As Drew mentioned, in script we saw it come back relative to that in the third quarter especially in our petroleum refinery area, and from that perspective in that particular segment we expect to see that returning to the levels we somewhat expected as we go forward. You also mentioned in the fourth quarter weve got an existing customer, probably in the sector that is going through some outages and we wont see likely not to see the volumetric changes in the fourth quarter that we saw in the third quarter but again those are outage rated and as Drew also mentioned you generally dont see a relative relationship in terms of revenue change relative to volume change, when that happens with existing customers.  In terms of the drivers I think we are seeing some things that others are experiencing stronger dollar kind of weaker commodity prices and its challenging our expectations as we said before, what we see happening from early is delays and in some cases as I said ramp-ups not happening as soon as we had thought but we will provide more color around that at the EEI in terms of really diving more into what we expect to see in 16 and going forward. 
Neel Mitra : Just as a follow-up with the 2016 and 2017 Utility EPS, is that more contingent upon rate base growth or sales growth? Are the two related over the next two or three years? How are you looking at that? 
Theo Bunting: Again I will start and Drew might also have comments relative to this but the two are related the growth as we all know and  this business is really driven by rate base at the end of the day and from our perspective our investment thesis is still intact and we see the opportunity that we laid out in the past continue to make investments that we talked about and its not so much depended upon the level of sales. Sales is an opportunity for us to mitigate the impacts of those rate base growth changes and clearly with our sales volumes we have the opportunity to mitigate that probably much better than maybe some others that you see that dont have the level of robustness as it related to sales growth. Given  again the volumes do help in terms of getting to ROEs and as weve shown in slides before its really a combination of the two, to some extent but again the growth is really tied to the investment thesis and that thesis from our perspective is still well intact.
Drew Marsh: This is Drew. I will just add. The big drivers are going to be getting the Union deal done and then the regulatory actions in Arkansas and Texas getting those resolved, primarily to get the investment that Theo is talking about and the rates. And then the sales growth is going to be helpful but its an element of lag reduction as we see it and there are some O&M benefits out there, we talked about earlier and that are rolling off hopefully by the end of next year. And then we continue to see our pension expenses coming down and we do see some higher operating costs this year because of some of the nuclear compliance costs and other things that we see, so we expect that to moderate a bit going forward as well. So those are main drivers, theyd shift a little bit as you go from 15 to 16 and then to 16 to 17 but they are pretty much the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman : Good morning. Make sure I understand this, the ANO Column 4 enhanced inspections and the associated spending, you see a path that that would be eliminated after next year? 
Drew Marsh: Yes, that goal is to get out of Column 4 and reduce the compliance costs associated with being in that regulatory situation. 
Charles Fishman : And then just a second question on the lower residential sales, just an anomaly for the third quarter, are you seeing more energy efficiency, do you have any other color you can provide on that?
Theo Bunting: Charles, this is Theo. As weve talked on previous calls like most other utilities we are seeing energy efficiency and products program as well as programs that we have specific to our space. We generally talk in terms of organic residential growth in the 1% area and we see that somewhat being challenged through this year and we saw it somewhat last year as well. In terms of third quarter we had two years where we had really  weather last year and fairly positive weather this year and when you see those swings like that year-over-year know sometimes the adjustment in terms of the weather for a period like that gets little challenged, and we continue to watch and monitor the residential sales volumes, also we saw 1 .2% growth in commercial in the quarter, as well but its something we pay a lot of attention to and continue to look at. I dont know, from our perspective we dont see a kind of flat to negative as a trend but it is something for us to continue to monitor as it relates to our view of our organic residential growth .
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sharp Pareza [ph] with Guggenheim Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Most of my questions were answered. Just on FitzPatrick is there any situation where you can think of  or where you would have used dcom versus safe store?
Drew Marsh: The safe store option is the one that gives you the most time to allow the fund to grow to meet your decommissioning needs. So that seems like a likely candidate but I don't know if Bill wants to add anything in.
Bill Abler: So again we will have to go through and calculate our cost, we got 728 million in the fund, and we will go through the same process of looking to forecasting when the fund would grow to have an adequate amount to begin decommissioning according to NRC you to have it fully funded before you can start, so it will be some form of safe store, probably won't go to the end f 60 years but depending on that cost estimate it will be out in the future, so.
Unidentified Analyst: And then you dont expect any indirect influence from New York to shut the plant down quicker.
Bill Abler: No, nothing that we are aware of at this time.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just what caused the talks to break down, was it sort of  was an r-mark contract and option as a bridge, so maybe a little bit of color on that?
Drew Marsh: Were not going to get into any of that. We can explain the RMR issue, were not going to obviously discuss any details of our discussion but we had -- we previously had the New York ISO do some analysis regarding the FitzPatrick plant as to whether or it qualifies as liability  and that most recent analysis indicates that it does not. So we have submitted our notification -- shutdown notifications the PSC and the New York ISO as of today, they will have to update that study but we certainly do not expect that answer to change. And as Leo suggested all of our discussions with New York are really confidential and not appropriate for us to comment on any details.  End of Q&A
Operator: Id like to now turn the call over to Paula Waters for any additional remarks.
Paula Waters: Thanks Roland and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release in website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statement. We will plan file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q with the SEC later this week. The Form 10-Q provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the time of the balance sheet will be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing 855-859-2056, replay code 60315863. The telephone replay will be available through Monday November 9, 2015. This concludes our call. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President, Investor Relations Leo Denault - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Drew Marsh - Chief Financial Officer Theo Bunting - Group President, Utility Operations Bill Abler - Vice President, Commercial Operations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Julien Smith - UBS Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs David Paz - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Paula Waters, Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, you may begin.
Paula Waters: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin today with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault and then Drew Marsh, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In todays call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the companys SEC filings. Now, I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Paula and good morning everyone. Consistent with the first quarter, Entergys second quarter performance was in line with our expectations. Operational earnings per share were $0.83 about where we planned it to be and we are on track to meet our full year guidance. Given market conditions and recent business developments, current indications point to utility, parent and other earnings near the lower end of the 2016 range that we outlined on Analyst Day, still meaningful year-over-year growth in the base utility business. We remain on track to achieve our financial outlook for 2017. To achieve the expected growth, we made notable progress on our 2015 to-do list as shown on Slide 2. These important tasks are key steps in moving forward, with our near and longer term strategies for the utility as well as Entergy wholesale commodities. At the utility, the strategy we are implementing is centered on our opportunity as well as our obligation to invest capital in order to replace aging infrastructure, strength and reliability, meet economic development and other growth needs and ensure that the environmental profile of our generation fleet is in line with the evolving regulatory framework. We are also taking steps to facilitate this investment by combining the Louisiana utilities. In July, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed a unanimous settlement to combine the two companies. Pending action from the Louisiana Public Service Commission later this month, closing is on track for the fourth quarter. In May, New Orleans City Council approved several significant matters paving the way for more economic and efficient service for the citys residents. First, the transfer of the Algiers assets in New Orleans to Entergy New Orleans, which ships approximately 22,000 customers to the utility and second, the $99 million securitization financing, which includes three components: the recovery of Hurricane Isaac storm costs, $75 million in cash storm reserves for electric restorations, and nearly $6 million for restorations for the gas system. This financing, completed in July, gives Entergy New Orleans a fully funded storm reserve. We have come a long way since the devastation of Hurricane Katrina 10 years ago. The New Orleans City Council recognizes that our city is stronger when its power infrastructure is stronger, more efficient and more reliable. Taken together, these actions will benefit Entergy New Orleans and its customers in several ways. Stakeholders will benefit from a more streamlined and efficient regulatory process. The utility will be better able to attract capital at reasonable rates, because it will have an expanded balance sheet. It will also have stronger liquidity which will make us stable and it will secure lower cost efficient generation needed to more reliably serve its customers. We are also pleased that representatives of the New Orleans City Council expressed interest in exploring Entergy New Orleans purchase of one of the units of the Union Power Station. We will be filing an application later this month seeking City Council approval for this transaction. The purchase of the union unit will take the place of the power purchase agreement that had been previously approved by the City Council. We believe the purchase of the union unit is an ideal way to meet New Orleans generation needs at approximately half the cost of building a comparable new unit. We made other notable progress on the generation investment front. In May, we announced the results of the request for proposal for long-term capacity in the south region of Louisiana, which generally covers the southeastern part of the state. Consistent with the views of an independent monitor, the Entergy Operating Committee elected to proceed with the self-build options. Next summer, subject to regulatory approval, we will begin construction of the St. Charles Power Station, a natural gas-fired combined cycle generating plant located in Southeast Louisiana, along the Mississippi River industrial corridor. Entergy Louisiana plans to file for regulatory approval with the OPSC in the third quarter of 2015. We anticipate that the plant will begin commercial operations in the MISO market by summer of 2019, one year ahead of the schedule we presented last November at EEI. In June, Entergy Texas distributed the final documents for its 2015 RFP, which seeks both limited and long-term resources. In the long-term portion of the RFP, Entergy Texas is seeking up to 1,000 megawatts of CCGT capacity and energy located in the western planning region of the state beginning in the summer of 2021. Entergy Texas intends to offer a self-build option into the 2015 RFP that can provide its customers long-term capacity, energy and in-region reliability benefits. Entergy recently provided notice that it plans to issue another RFP for new CCGT capacity beginning in the summer of 2020. Again, this is one year earlier than we have previously indicated. This RFP will seek long-term capacity and energy in the West of the Atchafalaya Basin planning region, or WOTAB and will include a self-build alternative. Capacity is needed in this region of Southwest Louisiana to mitigate supply constraints as well as to modernize aging infrastructure. Selections for both RFPs in Texas and Louisiana are targeted for early to mid-2016. Regarding the 4-unit Union Power Station transaction I mentioned earlier, we continue to anticipate a closing by the end of 2015. Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana are on track to purchase their respective units. In addition, as I stated, Entergy New Orleans is now positioned to seek regulatory approval to purchase one of the facilitys 495-megawatt trains in place of Entergy Texas. We heard the positions of the commission staff and other parties in Texas and do not see a viable path forward. We have concluded that the parties in Texas prefer a long-term market tested capacity solution located in the State of Texas. Our RFP is seeking exactly that. Our objective is to obtain the support of the staff and customer groups for our approach to meeting generation resource needs in Texas. We look forward to continuing to work with the Public Utility Commission of Texas and other stakeholders to develop strategies to meet the states future generation resource needs. We also continue to make productive investments in transmission. In April, we announced that in the fourth quarter of 2015 Entergy Arkansas will begin construction  constructing a new approximately $62 million transmission line from Monticello to Reed, crossing parts of Drew and Desha counties. The project will include expanded electrical facilities, including a new substation in Reed to move power more reliably and efficiently into the region. Also in April, Entergy Louisiana filed for certification of an approximately $57 million transmission line in Southeast Louisiana, with an in-service date of December 2018. This project is expected to lead to $515 million in savings to Louisiana customers over its first 20 years, which will be realized through a lower fuel adjustment cost. We are taking advantage of MISO market opportunities to meet the needs of the changing generation landscape. In May, we announced the significant $30 million transmission investment to upgrade the connection of the New Orleans metro area to Ninemile 6. At Michoud generating facility, which currently supplies the area was placed in service in the 1960s and will soon be deactivated. The upgrades we are making now are required by MISO prior to deactivation. In June, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed for certification of an up to $187 million transmission project with an in-service date of June 2018. This project will expand capacity in the WOTAB region in order to strengthen reliability there. It will also facilitate industrial growth. Improvements to ETIs transmission system are progressing, including upgrading of existing transmission lines and the construction of three new transmission lines we see the new PUCT approval in 2014 and 2015. The new transmission line projects totaling about $165 million will add approximately 64 miles of 230 KV transmission lines, along with other transmission facilities. These projects are expected to be in service by the summer of 2016. Entergy Mississippi has four transmission projects in various stages of development. These projects represent more than $280 million of investments in Mississippi to support the economic growth and provide additional reliability. And the service dates are scheduled in 2018. As we have said many times before, one of Entergys priorities is to invest in infrastructure to better serve our customers, while maintaining reasonable rates. Our rates across all classes are approximately 20% below the national average. Industrial rates in Louisiana and Texas are 15% to 20% below the national average. In addition, there is every indication that natural gas prices in the United States will retain their competitive advantage for some time in relation to the rest of the world. We believe that these low energy costs, combined with our competitive power rates and other regional advantages, will continue to attract jobs and businesses to the communities we serve. The resulting increase in the industrial and other sales can and will facilitate our investment opportunity. It is important to remember however, that there are significant drivers of the need for that investment in addition to sales. On that note, I know many of you have questions as to why industrial sales were lower this quarter following seven straight quarters of robust growth. Macroeconomic factors as well as outages by some of our large customers, mass expansions by others as well as the fact that other new customers began to come online. Drew will provide more detail in a minute, but the vast majority of the projects in our plan that were in advanced stages of development earlier this year remain on course. The fundamentals driving industrial renaissance in our region low natural gas prices, sophisticated connected infrastructure, already talented workforce, all remains strong. We therefore, continue to be optimistic about the opportunity for sustained industrial growth in our region. The significant economic development prospects for Southeast Louisiana in particular have garnered recognition from the federal government. Last month, the U.S. Department of Commerce named the New Orleans to Lake Charles chemical corridor to a program launched in 2013 designed to accelerate the resurgence of manufacturing in America. This designation may result in federal incentives and grants for the 12 new regions selected, of which ours is one. Entergy is proud to have worked with local officials and other stakeholders to help this area achieve this distinction. All of this progress as well as that made in the first quarter of this year is due to the sustained hard work of Entergy employees, Entergys collective efforts to work more collaboratively with our regulators and other stakeholders and of course our regulators commitment to balance the best interest of our customers, our communities and this company. I will say again that we remain on track to execute our investment program that is the backbone of the commitments we have made to our customers and other stakeholders. We continue to make progress on short-term and mid-term objectives and expect substantial gains to result from that progress. We are doing what we said we would do and there is every reason to believe that we will achieve the financial performance that we have targeted. EWCs strategy revolves around executing well on what we control the operations of the plants and the commercial transactions to hedge the risk. In the second quarter our plants ran well. Aside from an Indian Point 3, the EWC nuclear fleet delivered approximately 92% capacity factor, which includes a 34-day outage to refuel program. As many of you know, the transformer outage at Indian Point resulted in a 16-day shutdown of Unit 3. You have heard me say before that EWC is a volatile business. We felt the negative impact of that volatility this quarter much as we felt the positive impact in past quarters. Average Northeast power prices for the second quarter were more than 40% below last years levels. Moreover, forward power prices continue their decline following an average of more than 6% for our plants in the Northeast since the end of March this year. These low prices are coupled with the market structure that does not reflect the value of nuclear power. Congress continues to indicate its concern about the specific market structure challenges. On July 8, the Chairs of the Senate and House committees and subcommittees responsible for energy and power Senator Murkowski and congressmen Upton and Whitefield communicated this concern in a letter to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Chairman, Norman Bay. In the letter, the committee chairs raised concerns about organized wholesale electricity markets, including the impacts certain market rules were having on reliable base load plants, including nuclear plants and ultimately on consumers. Entergy shares these concerns and we are encouraged by FERCs willingness to consider these issues. We are also hopeful that FERC will take subsequent action as soon as it can. Our mission at EWC is today what it has always been, to optimize asset value and minimize risk. We continue to pursue this mission through effective commercial operations and by vigorously pursuing clear regulatory processes and frameworks. The latter would include an improvement in the design of the Northeastern power markets as well as constructive outcomes on Indian Point. On that note, over the years many different studies have provided clear evidence of Indian Points importance to the region. We saw the release of another last month by the Nuclear Energy Institute. This study founded Indian Point contributes an estimated $1.6 billion to the economy of the New York State annually and $2.5 billion to the nation as a whole, all life while contributing to New York State and national clean air goals. Quantification of these important benefits reaffirms the value of this facility and provides yet another reason why we believe Indian Point must and will operate into the next decade at the least. That said, based on 2015 guidance, EWC is currently less than 15% of Entergys earnings. Our robust utility growth grounded in $8 billion of investment and $3 billion to $4 billion in rate base growth, both through 2017 will continue to reduce this percentage. Also, as most of you know the U.S. EPA issued a final version of its clean power plan yesterday. The rule is complex and would take time for us to conduct a full analysis. While we continue to be concerned about the legality of EPAs approach, that analysis will focus on five key issues: One, the compliance timing. Two, the requirements the rule will impose on each state. Three, a states ability to elect a mass-based approach and establish a training ready plan. Four, the impact on the nations existing nuclear fleet, which in 2014 comprised nearly 63% of the U.S.s emissions-free generation. And five, the overall impact that we could have on our customers. You should expect to hear more from us on the months to come. In conclusion, I would note that as we have said in the past, our business is a long-term play. Short-term and even mid-term volatility is embedded in it, but is that does not detract from this companys strong fundamentals. We are confident that the growth opportunity in our utility service area is intact and we have a solid strategy to realize that opportunity. And we remain focused on managing risk and preserving optionality of EWC and that we will vigorously pursue our business plans and continue to make productive investments to help achieve long-term growth. As a result, Entergys performance for the quarter as well as the year is in line with our expectations. Earnings expectations for 2016 remain insight and we are on track with our 2017 outlook. As we noted last quarter, we expect that the stability and financial flexibility created by our actions this quarter, this year and indeed over the last several years will put us in a position to begin to act on one of our major objectives of sustained dividend growth starting with a discussion with our Board as early as this fall. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Drew Marsh: Thank you, Leo. I will start by covering our second quarter results and then I will turn to our longer term financial targets. Slide 3 summarizes consolidated earnings per share. In the second quarter of 2015, Entergy earned $0.83 per share in line with our expectations. Additional details on the results are provided in the press release and slides published this morning. I will cover some highlights on results starting on Slide 4 where utility, parent and other had combined earnings per share of $0.87 on an adjusted basis. This compares to $0.98 per share last year. Details of quarter-over-quarter variances can be found in Appendix B1 of the release and here are some of the key points. Despite a 1.5% decline in sales volume quarter-over-quarter on a weather-adjusted basis, our overall net revenue variance was positive. This was partly driven by capital investments that benefit customers, such as the new Ninemile 6 plan. Residential sales growth also contributed as well as new industrial customers and expansion projects. The increase in net revenue was offset by a corresponding rise in related depreciation, operations and maintenance expenses and other items. O&M increases not offset in that revenue included increased nuclear-related expenses of about $0.09. Over half was from increased nuclear regulatory commission oversight of the Arkansas nuclear 1 plant. Earlier this year, ANO was placed in column 4 of the NRCs reactor oversight process. The increased levels of cost for ANO were expected to continue into 2016. I will take a moment now to talk a little more about industrial sales volume this quarter on Slide 5. In total, the segment was down 1.5%, driven by our existing customers. Refineries were down the most quarter-over-quarter due to their turnaround season. We anticipated a more significant turnaround season than last year, however, was a bit more expensive than we expected due to macroeconomic factors, such as high product inventories and a strong dollar. Core alkali was also down quarter-over-quarter and more so versus our expectations. Utilization from this sector was lower than anticipated due to unplanned outages compounded by margin pressure from lower demand and the markets recently added supply, including our customers. The decline in our existing large industrial groups mass growth from expansions and four new customers who began to ramp up this quarter. Continuing the trend from last quarter, these new customers and customer expansions are coming online and ramping up more slowly than expected. I will talk more about that later as part of our forward-looking view. Switching over for a minute to EWC, Slide 6 indicates operational earnings per share this quarter were about breakeven as expected. You may recall that we said on the first quarter earnings call that the bulk of 2015 earnings were completed at that time. The quarter-to-quarter decline was driven by a $5 per megawatt hour decrease in revenue on the operating nuclear plants and lower volume from the 34-day refueling outage of Pilgrim compared to none last year. This decline in EWC nuclear revenue was the primary factor in the operating cash flow change as shown on Slide 7. Also reflected was improved net revenue with the utility largely triggered by productive investments put in service to benefit customers. For the full year view on Slide 8, today, we affirmed our 2015 earnings per share guidance with the midpoint of $5.50 and a range of plus or minus $0.40. Recognizing we still have the summer to go, we remain on track at each of our segments to meet full year expectations. You may recall that we expect some tax items to come into play this year, but we currently do not expect any tax items in the third quarter. Slide 9 recaps the 2015 guidance midpoint for utility, parent and other, adjusted for weather, tax and special items in 2016 and 2017 midpoint outlooks. These outlooks are consistent with our previous disclosures last year at Analyst Day and at EEI. The slide also provides 2013 and 2014 results on a comparable basis. This presentation illustrates how the base business has grown, with the expectations for continuing growth through 2017. The two main drivers for this growth are making productive investments in improving our utility return on equity as shown on Slide 10. Importantly, our plans for capital investment to modernize our infrastructure, maintain and enhance reliability, and meet new compliance standards have not changed. Our 2016 rate base growth includes the Union Power plant acquisition, which approved by the required regulators. We contribute roughly $0.02 per share per month in 2016. While we have made some adjustments to the structure, our regulatory procedural schedules in required jurisdictions still allow for us to close by the end of the year. In addition, we have moved up the projected in-service date of the St. Charles power station project. Assuming LPSC approval next summer, the new construction drawdown schedule will accelerate about $0.03 per share of AFUDC into 2016 and $0.08 per share into 2017. Approximately, 90% of our $8 billion of planned investment from 2015 through 2017 will fall under a formula rate plan, rider or other constructive regulatory mechanism. This percentage includes the forward test year, FRP proposed in the Entergy Arkansas rate case. New rates will be effective by early 2016 for the rate case. And in early 2017, the changes are warranted in the first FRP review. Regarding sales growth for the balance of the year, we are already seeing evidence that the refining sector is once again performing as expected. However, with the core alkali markets challenged, the balance recently added supply. Overall uses from these customers for the remainder of the year may not reach the levels we had anticipated. Still, new customers and expansions are coming online. Previously, we had indicated that the vast majority of our large industrial customers were already under construction or had reached their final investment decisions. This is still the case. However, we have seen them trail their own expectation for the last couple quarters. Of 17 large industrial projects expected during the year, 14 are complete or under construction. Of the 14, most have experienced delays getting online and a few have lower ramp rates than expected or lower peak usage than expected. Of the three that are not under construction, they currently are delayed and represent only about 0.1% of our expected industrial sales next year. O&M expenses and other elements of managing our return on equity, you are anticipating some benefit over time from the roll off of temporary nuclear compliance cost and an estimate  an approximate 50 to 75 basis point increase in discount pension rate to 4.75% in 2016 and 5% in 2017. Looking further ahead, we expect our capital investments and plant infrastructure, transmission and other distribution system improvements will ultimately lower O&M costs for our customers, while enhancing reliability in our service territory. We will persist in looking for every opportunity to control O&M costs as part of this. Given current considerations such as capital investment, rate actions, cost changes and interest rates assumptions, our financial outlook continues to support our previously stated expectations for utility, parent and other earnings per share. As illustrated on the slide, for 2016, we are currently near the lower end of the range. For EWC, EBITDA projections have declined as shown on Slide 11. Our expected energy and capacity prices have dropped by $1 to $2 per megawatt hour since March 31. As you know, wholesale prices are volatile. We continue to follow our hedging philosophy that allows us to benefit from upward price movements, while protecting against the operational and credit risks. All-in-all, our actions this quarter and plans for the future represent sizable utility, parent and other earnings growth potential in the coming years. The fundamentals of the utility business to achieve this growth are in place, including our solid credit profile reflected on Slide 12. Backed by these credentials, we are maintaining a sound financial foundation to make investments and better serve our customers. We will continue to execute on the plan we have laid out for you. Every plan faces challenges, we are confident in our ability to meet them and succeed. Our mission as a company is to create sustainable value for our four stakeholders. Our owners, our customers, our employees and the communities we operate in. That mission is foremost than what we do everyday. And now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. I have two questions. At what point  and when we are looking at 2017 midpoint outlook, do you reassess the ramp rate on the industrial projects that are already up and running and the excess expected in-service those that are still in queue and give us a full update, it would seem that you really wouldnt have the visibility for  with any degree of certainty until some point in early to mid-16, is that fair?
Leo Denault: Theo?
Theo Bunting: Greg, this is Theo Bunting. As part of our planning process, we would try to as get much information around as we possibly can. And I think in terms of when we would  you would expect us to see some updates relative to that, we would probably be pointing toward EEI in that timeframe. And as you said and as drew has mentioned in his opening comments that information does change from time to time. And our expectation is we will try to stay abreast of that as best we can and continue to update it as new information becomes available so that we can roll that into our overall expectations.
Leo Denault: Great. Greg, this is Leo. I will just add while and we have said this since the beginning as it relates to the addition of these customers that there are big projects, billion-dollar investments, in some cases, $10 billion investments. Schedule is always an issue in that kind of thing. Our sector has the same issue when we build big projects that are first of the kind or unique or whatever. The issue here is while its common and some may come early, some may come late, they may ramp differently the investment profile that we have got between now and then is remains intact. And as you recall, the way the business model works, the rate base growth is kind of what we are targeting here. And so if you look out there whether they come in a little bit late, a little bit early, it doesnt really change when these power plants come. The only changes we have made, I think Drew outlined and a little more details would lie in the script is a couple of the capital projects that we had are actually coming up earlier than we had originally planned, just given the timing and the need and its a combination of this growth from this sector, but also the need to replace the aging infrastructure that we have and the opportunity to get these things done and constructed. So its not just the sales piece of it that we need to look at it from a timing standpoint. Its coming  some of its coming later because of the size of the projects and other factors, but the investment profile that we have got over the next several years through the first part of decade is pretty much on track.
Greg Gordon: Okay, understood. So to get to your guidance aspiration for 17 and it reflects expectations for top line revenues from industrial, you would have to either readdress your expectations for revenue requirement from other customer classes reflects your costs then?
Drew Marsh: Yes. I think thats true and on a short-term basis, if we have said these productive investments we would expect to ultimately get into rates. And if the sales arent where we have expected them to be in any given period, you are right and you would have to adjust in another area.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Second question is on EWC, obviously the power curves come off quite a bit in New York and New England, can we attribute that to winter premiums coming off or is it summer discounts getting steeper, some combination of both and do you think there was any market activity that you can see in the foreseeable future that might reverse that trend?
Bill Abler: Greg, this is Bill. A couple of things, I mean obviously we have seen gas prices come off tremendously at $1 since last summer. We have also seen some folks take some steps to try to mitigate the gas supplies issues, that type of thing, in terms of using LNG facilities for base loading of plants, that type of thing. So I think there is a number of issues in the market that have driven those prices down. As we look forward, we are  we are slightly bullish gas prices as we look into 16 that increases a little bit over time, but we are seeing some movement in New England in terms of some market structure improvements that would come on in the 17, 18 timeframe on some energy price formation issues that could be constructive. I dont anticipate at this point seeing the numbers we saw in 2014. I mean, that was largely driven by the polar vortex and kind of the after math of that, but we do see some constructive positive steps from an energy price perspective.
Greg Gordon: The reason I asked is because you moved your hedging, the construct of your hedges around a bit for next year and hedged up just a fair amount more, but you  there were no demonstrable changes in your hedge profile beyond 16, is that a fact  is that a function of your point of view?
Drew Marsh: Yes, that is a function of our point of view. And to be frank, what we are seeing out in the market as well, there is a little bit less liquidity out in the market. And obviously, we are not  we dont want to ourselves in a situation where we are locking in at these low prices at this point in time. So we are evaluating that as we go and we think there is some upside.
Greg Gordon: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is now open.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just I guess I wanted to sort of follow-up on that letter that you mentioned from Murkowski and some other Republican leaders regarding market reforms. And I noticed this as well and I guess what I am wondering is I mean, how quickly do you think anything from that will actually come about and I mean I dont know, I mean, they also sort of threaten legislation that they are going to get it done, I dont know I mean I just wanted you just elaborate a little bit more what you think the practical benefit of that would actually maybe be?
Leo Denault: Sure. As it relates to that letter, I think its on track with our general thoughts in terms of what needs to happen in the market. We have had similar discussions with the ISOs and a number of other stakeholders. We think that in general, depending on what gets implemented, there is upside potential of say $3 to $6 a megawatt hour as a result of these changes to energy price formation. Now the question on timing, this will come probably in increments. And as you look at the timing of being implemented, you are probably looking at the timeframe of 17, 18 before they could actually make those changes to their systems and get those in place where we would see that uplift. Now the exception there is what we have got going in ISO New England as it relates to the winter reliability program. Thats currently being reviewed by FERC as we speak. We could see some uplift there in the upcoming winter if we get a decision in our favor as it relates to that. So it will kind of evolve over time, but we see that happening across the next 5 years or so, 3 years to 5 years.
Paul Patterson: And it will be a series of debt is what we are talking about I guess as opposed to one sort...
Leo Denault: Thats what I would think, Paul is its I think just having discussions with the ISO, there are some practical issues you have to deal with in terms of how you can change the systems associated with that and so they are more than likely would be steps taken along the way as opposed to one just big massive change.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then just on the  on Friday there was an order out of FERC that denied the authorization that some of subsidiaries were seeking for  to issue and sell securities and what have you. And I cant recall seeing that before with FERC, think it was kind of run of the mill, maybe I am wrong, so I was a little surprised to see that they rejected it, I know that you guys can put pressures, you can re-file, I was just wondering is there any significance to this or is this just sort of a hiccup that happened because of the format which they seem to be unhappy with or how you guys report it, could you just elaborate a little more on that?
Drew Marsh: I think you hit on most of it in terms of the format. They have a way of using backward-looking results to assess what the coverage ratio ought to be. And we had suggested some changes to that and they didnt want to put them in. So I think it is a bit of a technical challenge, but we should be able to put the new filing in and get that complete fairly quickly.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Drew Marsh: Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein from UBS. Your line is now open.
Julien Smith: Hi, good morning. Its Julien.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Smith: So perhaps, first question just as it relates to Texas and East Station and the decision to pull that out. Just to be curious, could you jive that with the RFP and what the ultimate thought process is around pursuing self-build options or acquisitions under rate base? I suppose what drove the decision to provide a little context and ultimately next steps?
Leo Denault: Theo?
Theo Bunting: Hey, Julien, this is Theo. As Leo indicated, I mean, really in Texas, it came down to  it was clear that a clear path in Texas that the parties really preferred a long-term capacity solution located in the State of Texas. And as he said earlier, our Western RFP is seeking just that. Our objective in Texas is to obtain support of the staff and the customer groups or approaches that meet the generations resource needs in Texas. And I mean, clearly, as the record indicated as it relates to Union transaction that was not the case. And as Leo mentioned in the script also in the opening comments, there has been interest expressed in New Orleans and we are pursuing regulatory approvals. We will pursue regulatory approvals in New Orleans with the City Council relative to that. The second part of your question, I am not sure I understood when you said kind of whats next.
Julien Smith: Right. I suppose fundamentally there is not necessarily any opposition to doing rate-based or cell phone options per se, right? This was more about a locational angle on the plant rather than your ownership of the unit per se, correct?
Theo Bunting: We dont believe there is any opposition to self build. Matter of fact, if you look  if you go explore the record I will mention by the other parties around another option being a self-build option in Texas. So, we dont clearly believe there is any opposition to it. It was just a preference in Texas, the interveners and other parties in Texas. And clearly, I think their views and comments relative to other options made it clear that was self-build. It is something that could be pursued in the future.
Julien Smith: Got it. And then separately on transmission, I know you have provided some background here, but I would be curious, I suppose MISO did an out-of-cycle study on MISOs doubt during the quarter, could you elaborate on that as it relates to the studies that you discussed yourself at the various capabilities? And ultimately, how that jives with your capital budgeting process and if thats already reflected in your CapEx expectation?
Theo Bunting: Sure. I am not  when you talk about, I mean, we had one out-of-cycle project, I believe, which was the Lake Charles project. But in terms of just transmission and MISO in general, I mean, as you know, we have a fairly robust transmission investment in 15 through 15  15 through 17, I am sorry, capital cycle. We nearly doubled in 15 versus 14. And as Leo went through his opening comments, he mentioned a number of transmission projects that are currently being approved and the process of being approved and will be underway shortly, approximately almost $800 million of transmission projects. So, we feel good about the fact that we have got transmission opportunities. In terms of the MISO study, the VLR study in that MISO accelerated six projects into 15. And largely, most of those projects were already in our plan, but what we do see potentially is an opportunity for acceleration of some of those projects. And the fact that MISO is moving forward in that process gives us our confidence as these projects will be approved by MISO.
Julien Smith: And perhaps just to clarify is that already reflected in your CapEx outlook as it stands today?
Theo Bunting: For the most part, yes.
Julien Smith: Alright, great. Thank you.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Dan Eggers: Hey, good afternoon guys. Leo, just on the industrial outlook and kind of maybe the longer term prospects, can you share a little bit about how much time you are spending on economic development and kind of your quoting industrial customers and you were pretty busy last year. How is that changing, if at all, right now?
Leo Denault: I will let Theo jump in, but we continue to work that process across all of our jurisdictions. You have seen a lot of success, obviously, with things that are under construction in the near-term, in the Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas and others, but we have  as we mentioned earlier, as we went through our reorganization last year, one of the things that we had done was beef up the business and economic development functions and we continue to have those folks out working the process, things like the region designation here in Louisiana and other things we are working to make sure that we help continue to promote the region. So, I guess how much time we spend in quite a bit, some people  we have a department thats their full-time job working with the states. And obviously, the states are backing off this either as all of them are working, working very diligently to try and help bring economic development. So, that includes we continue to utilize our site selection database. We continue to try and pre-certify sites. We continue to build transmission into areas that could house more manufacturing before the fact that they are not necessarily ready yet. So, all of those things, both in our activities from an economic development, operationally and also from the regulatory process, we are continuing to pursue forward on all of them. Theo, I dont know if you want to add anything.
Theo Bunting: I guess, Dan, one thing I will add in addition is we continue to work very closely with states in which we serve. And as Leo mentioned, we  in the regulatory environment itself, I mean, if you look at some of the transmission projects, he mentioned that we have done some of those transmission projects or specific around working to foster economic development in the regions. So, we have a lot of people dedicated full-time to helping the regions that we serve growth. Thats part of our growth story.
Dan Eggers: Okay. So, I guess if I think about the economic growth from here, maybe I will say it differently. If you look at industrial demand, industrial recruitment today are the whiteboards more full or less full than they were 6 or 9 months ago? I mean, is the population of opportunity changing as you talk to customers?
Theo Bunting: I would say we are continuing to pursue more opportunities and tried to keep that pipeline growing. I mean, thats our objective quite frankly is to do as much as we can to continue to see a growth in the pipeline. In terms of kind of where we are now versus 6 months ago, I would have to go back and look at the data specifically, but it is something we focus on. And we understand that having a strong pipeline is really a key to having success in the economic development area.
Leo Denault: And I will just add the investments that we are making in the system again make the area more conducive. So, we are modernizing the generation fleet. We are improving the fuel cost because of that. We are improving reliability, because we are building things like the Lake Charles Transmission Project thats going to not only help serve the customers that are under construction down there, but its going to beef up the system down there to be able to handle more. So, we are  we kind of get out. While we are placing the aging infrastructure, beefing up the reliability to meet new requirements and to meet existing construction of those facilities, it puts us in a better position to bring those in. So, the investment profile helps fulfill not only what we are doing right now but bring other stuff in as well.
Dan Eggers: And I guess just separate from market reforms, when you guys think about your more than and your point of view, do you see gaps against the fours, where you think New England New York prices should be today and maybe help quantify what you think the delta is with the sell off in power prices?
Leo Denault: Yes, I dont. I think what we are seeing obviously from a supply perspective is continued growth in the supply in Marcellus. Obviously, that is creating a discount to Henry Hub. And as we look forward in terms of our pricing, we dont see those numbers going above 4% anytime in the near future. I mean, we see that staying fairly consistent with now, but again, I said we are bullish. So, we see it rising, but not getting above that level. So, thats kind of where we sit. And obviously, the power prices are commensurate with that. I mean, as you look at that from an energy price perspective.
Theo Bunting: And thats true. I will just add that once you get out little further on the curve and dont mention this earlier, there is a bit of liquidity discount thats out there. And we have seen this in the past as you roll the props, some of that comes out of the market and improves things a little bit, but some of that had gone away last year, but it seems to have reasserted itself again. So, I guess but for some backwardation because of liquidity you think the curves are pretty realistic to where the fundamental value is?
Leo Denault: No, I have said we are still slightly bullish. For 16 we are a little bullish and that kind of increases as we got  go out over time, but its relative to where we were a year ago. It's, obviously, a lower price level.
Dan Eggers: Okay, got it. Thank you, guys.
Leo Denault: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Arnold: Well, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Leo, could you just help us kind of parse your statement about the dividend still being potentially up for discussion in the fall, when we would look at your utility, Parent & Other, the low end of guidance for 2016 would put the pay out ratio above 65% to 75% target a little bit. So you are going to be thinking about other things beyond payout?
Leo Denault: What we are looking at is a long-term perspective, Jonathan in the growth and the business. So I think the way I have characterized it in the past is that we are looking out several years. We are looking at sustained dividend path. We are not going to jump around with it to follow when earnings go up a bunch in 1 year raise it a lot. When they dont go up raise it a little, we are trying to get ourselves more of a glide path view about the long-term prospects of the company. And as we have said, we look at the investment profile that we have for the aging infrastructure, for the reliability requirements, for environmental needs as well as the growth we are seeing in the business and that helps facilitate all of that. And we see an upward sloping long-term trajectory that would indicate to us that the time is right to look at when to start to follow that earnings path, and that could be as early at this fall.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning. Just two quick questions, I wanted to follow-up on Dans question, your view on gas, I mean is it closer to the $3 number or the $4 number. And second, in your comment, Leo, you had stressed or stated that EWC makes up roughly 15% of the consolidated companys earnings, where is the sweet spot there with EWC?
Leo Denault: You want to talk about gas?
Theo Bunting: Yes. I think on the gas price, I mean, you guys know where it is right now, we are closer to the $3 level and the $4 level at the front end of the curve.
Leo Denault: As far as the sweet spot, I mean I wouldnt say there is a sweet spot or not, its just the fact of the matter is right now, the investment profile that we have and the utility is very, very robust. The opportunity for returns are very good there. The need for the investment, because of, as we have mentioned before 75% of our non-nuclear facilities in the utility are over 30 years old, I mentioned the Michoud plant, for example in my prepared remarks. Thats a plant thats been online since 1960s and there are more efficient ways currently if we  once we beef up the transmission system and meet the MISO requirements to be able to serve that load and deactivate that unit, we deactivated 25 units since 2010 and we continue to go on the path to have more and bigger units in that realm as we add to the system. The risk reward trade off is just better at the utility than it is at EWC for our deployment of capital. So its less than 15% and I am being generous with that because I take out the tax benefits that we are showing up in the 2015 numbers before you get close to 15% in 2015. And if you just protect out forward whats happening with the utility business and the growth profile we have there, 15% becomes smaller. The 15% become smaller and smaller as we go through time given that trade off. So there is no sweet spot, its just a fact. And as it relates to the business itself, its a different business. It should have a different investor mix. It should have a different dividend profile. It should have a different commercial reality. And so our objectives right now are to grow the utility business and we  we have no plans to grow the EWC business to merchant business, given that risk-reward trade-off and the different investor base. But the fact is over time, between now and 2020 in particular, we are going to become more and more and more a utility. Thats just the fact.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hi, guys. Just I wanted to make sure I understood something on the utility capital spending levels and the utility demand trends, it strikes to me that your tone today was that the demand trends a little bit softer or maybe a little bit more delayed than expected. But then when you talked about the capital spending trends and the generation, it seems as if several new projects have moved forward a year or so, I am just curious, it seems like if demand more pushed out a little bit, maybe projects would get pushed out, not accelerated, but can you just kind of walk me through the difference there?
Leo Denault: Well, I will start and let others jump in, Michael. But the  remember for almost a decade, we have had I think we called it the portfolio transformation strategy where we have been working to replace the generation fleet over the course of the last several years, maybe not quite a decade, but maybe close. We have seen an ever-changing landscape of the reliability requirements out of the NERC and certainly the continuation of environmental policies, etcetera, whether its MATS, or now CPP or what have you. All of those things have created a real need for us to continue to modernize our generation fleet to add new transmission facilities and to make investments in environmental compliance and we are going to continue to do that. We are at a point now where we  as we change out that generation fleet, its turning more and more, absent the union projects, turning more and more to construction to replace that aging fleet. So that part of the process is reasonably agnostic to what the demand growth is. You are changing out the megawatt for megawatt because you get the more efficient new power plant in place versus one that with the O&Ms creeping up, etcetera, because of its age that just happens over time. So thats really not changed one way or the other. The growth whether its a little bit delayed or not, is still pretty crisp. And we are making plans to build generation and replace the aging infrastructure as well as meet that new demand. If a plant slips a year, that doesnt really change the capital program. And in fact even as long ago as Analyst Day when we were asked, so what could be your capital program, we said, well not very much, because its a long  you got to plan this stuff in advance. So even back then, we had mentioned that the capital program around the edges wouldnt change a lot as long as the demand growth stayed in a reasonably close proximity to what we are seeing. And so delays, one way or the other where  what we mentioned back then might have some impact, that projects might move around, but that they were still going to show up. So all it is, is sharpening the pencil on the need for the facilities and when we can get it done based on the age of the fleet, interaction with the transmission system and when this stuff is showing up. And right now there hasnt been big enough shifts in anything to change the construction program versus where we were. We have a couple of projects. We are going to market test for an earlier project. We are bringing the new generation here at St. Charles project online a little earlier. We brought Ninemile 6 online early. And I think we have learned from that in terms of the timing it takes. So we were embedding in some of these projects how long it would take to go from planning to development to construction and we have proven we can do it faster and at a lower cost and thats what happened in Ninemile and thats what we had anticipated what happened at St. Charles project and likely happens on some of the other stuff as well. So we are  the construction program meets many needs, sales growth is one of them and an important one we have to be ready, willing and able to serve these customers when they show up. And if they show up six months later than they had planned, we still want to be there with a reliable system when they show up and that's really all we are doing.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one question on EWC, what do you see is the impact and do you think its already embedded in market expectations for some of the new pipeline projects, maybe constitution, which is coming online in New York, there is also some smaller pipelines that actually came on in New York pretty recently as well as some of the more longer dated projects, the Eversource and Spectra projects or the Kinder Morgan 1, to get you new gas up into New England?
Theo Bunting: I think the Eversource-Spectra project is one that is kind of included in the current market expectations. Obviously, in New York, I think those are progressing well and are also kind of already included in the market. I think the issue is going to be how do some of those get paid for specifically in New England and how  what is the cost recovery mechanism going to be and how is that going to work, is it going to go through the legislative process. And then  but I think a lot of that is built into expectations kind of going forward.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it.
Leo Denault: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from David Paz from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
David Paz: Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, David.
David Paz: I believe your 2017 utility outlook expected 3.25% or 3.75% retail sales growth on average, just want to make sure, is that still  does your outlook still expect to reflect that figure?
Drew Marsh: Well, I mean we have continued to look at that and as Theo mentioned, we will have a fuller update later this fall, probably the EEI, but our expectations given the number of changing variables are that we are still in the middle of that range.
David Paz: Great. And do you just have  I dont know if you have given this before, but have you  what would every 100 basis point change in that figure do to your 2017 target, all else equal?
Drew Marsh: I dont know that we have published a rule of thumb on the growth rate of industrial change. Certainly 1% change in our existing base is about $0.11...
Paula Waters: Total
Drew Marsh: Yes. So its like $0.02 for industrial, $0.04 for commercial, $0.05 or so $0.06 for the residential piece. So I think  and that's a 1% change across all segments, so on the existing piece. But I dont know that we have published a rule of thumb around sensitivities for the industrial change in the growth piece, 1%. It would be a little different than the existing piece because the existing piece has the demand charges built into it already and so you would only be seeing the variability around the energy piece that we actually sell to customers. So  and thats about 50% of the margin for the industrial piece. So I dont know, it seems like there might be about $0.04, but I dont have those numbers in front of me.
David Paz: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I would now like to turn the call over to Paula Waters for any closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release in website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statement. As a reminder, we plan to file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q with the SEC this week. The Form 10-Q provides more details and disclosures about our financial statements. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the time of the balance sheet will be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing 855-859-2056, conference ID 44024303. The telephone replay will be available until August 11, 2015. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paulo Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Bill Mohl - President, Entergy Wholesale Commodities Theo Bunting - Group President, Utility Operations
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin - Smith of UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Entergy First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release and Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for todays conference Mrs. Paulo Waters, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Paulo Waters: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from introduced Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the company's SEC filings. Now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you Paula and good morning everyone. 2015 is an important year for Entergy because it would be one in which we continue to execute the strategy that weve been pursuing for some time. As we report results for the first quarter, Id like to start by putting the progress weve made in some perspective. Two years ago we laid out an ambitious agenda for the future we wanted to create one in which Entergy was growing because our communities and customers were prospering. One goal in that agenda was to deliver stability and efficiency by maintaining solid financial putting and by making Entergy a more nimble organization one more aligned with the changing energy landscape. To that end we joined MISO and also began the process transform the way we work by removing cost from our business and aligning talent and resources with strategic company imperatives. Another goal was to provide clarity, a well defined path forward identifying what business initiatives the company would focus and the timeline for execution. We accomplished this by first articulating our vision and mission for the future simply but precisely. We filed and concluded several major regulatory proceedings including four rate cases representing 80% of utility retail sales which provide clarity on future earnings opportunities. We also ended our efforts to spinoff and merge our transmission assets by ITC. Finally we said that our well defined path would focus on seven major strategic imperatives which will refine down to growing the utility business, managing risk and preserving optionality at Entergy wholesale commodities. As many of you may recall from our Analyst Day presentation last June we outlined our plans to achieve these imperative. Over the past year we have continued to provide greater detail as to how we intend to capture the opportunities available to us and today the picture is much more complete. We have filled in details of what we aim to achieve, how we will achieve it and a timeline for execution. In terms of performance, results and growth, we continue to be in line with our expectation. In the near term financial results for the first quarter of 2015 include operational earnings of $1.68 per share. Thats a strong start to the year and while its still early, it is clearly in line with our expectations for full year results. Andrew will elaborate on this in a few minutes. On our strategic efforts, a brief look at that confirms the soundness of a number of the business decisions we made over the past two years many in partnership with our regulators. For example, joining MISO has proved enormously beneficial to our customers. In the first year alone, customers across the utility realized nearly $240 million in energy related saving exceeding expectation. Consistent with our expectations the utility also realized substantial capacity related savings due to the lower reserve margin required within MISOs larger footprint. With an industrial renaissance underway in the Gulf South region fueled by low natural gas and electricity prices, it became clear that Entergys utility business was well positioned to capture an enormous growth opportunity. In order to meet this opportunity, we expanded the number of people dedicated to growing our industrial customer base. This team laid out a detailed map of where the opportunities would likely materialize to develop the customized strategies to serve these new and existing customers. With an effective partnership with state and local officials, we have worked tirelessly to help to track industrial customers to the legion and as of March 2015, the Entergy utility business has experienced seven straight quarters of industrial sales growth. As we said we would, we are leveraging this opportunity, this industrial renaissance provides keep our customer rates low while modernizing our operations, strengthening reliability and growing rate base. Some important examples of this include, our announcement last year to purchase the Union Power facility in Arkansas, the completed construction of Ninemile 6 ahead of schedule and under budget and planned transmission builds in Louisiana, Texas and Arkansas. Importantly, we are also taking deliberate steps to create the financial flexibility we will need to drive even more growth. Our current effort to combine Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is one good example. Obtaining authorization for a purchase capacity either in Texas in addition to the existing transmission and distribution providers is another. Focusing specifically on 2015, as you can see on Slide 2 it promises to be another busy year. We have set our sights on accomplishing a number of important tasks this year and we are on track. For example, Ninemile 6 began commercial operation in late December and we were pleased to welcome the Louisiana State officials and members of the LPSV to its official grand opening in January and out of the construction of a new high voltage transmission project necessary to maintain reliability in the Lake Charles area load centre, among the largest in Entergys history. MISO Board approved the project last week and we will be filing for LPSC certification very soon. In Arkansas Governor Hutchinson signed legislation that establishes a formula rate plan for the forward test year and also addresses evidentiary considerations in setting return on equity and the proper method to determine the AFUDC rate. Because it eliminates the need for a major base rate case every two years to three years, this law will allow Entergy Arkansas to align rates with investments in a timely manner to focus time and resources on activities that create sustainable value for the state including job growth. In Mississippi, within the recently approved rate case and a new law passed this quarter, we now have a well-defined rate structure including forward looking feature, available credit, faster recovery that will allow us to attract new customers and businesses for the state. Were also making progress on task that we have targeted for the second quarter. For example, last Friday Entergy Arkansas filed its base rate case requesting to recover cost that result in $167 million increase including a 10.2% ROE a formula rate plan with a future test year. The latter would be further recently approved legislation We expect new rates to go into effect in early 2016. New rates associated with the formula rate plan to go into effect in early 2017. It is worth noting that after this case is resolved we expect to have two utilities operating under rate plan plans with forward looking feature. In fact, nearly 85% of expected rate base in 2017 will be under FRPs or other formulae rate making mechanisms. Over the next few years at the utility our priority is to continue to implement our resource plan, which we are calling power to grow and which is designed to allow us to support the economic growth in our service territory and maintain reliable service to existing customers all while keeping rates low. And by 2020, you see a need to construct approximately $3.7 billion and new generation resources consisting of six new power plants. We also expect 635 miles of new and upgraded transmission to come online by 2022. First most of these projects were subject to approval by our regulators, we will be making the necessary filings seeking those approvals. Let me give you a bit more detail about both the generation and transmission needs that comprise in the utilities power to grow. On the generation front, utility supply plans include for example three new build VCDT. More specifically, we are planning for whether through self-build or other agreements one 800 megawatt plant in the mid-south region pending the results of the RFP that is underway, to solicit proposals for new generation in this region of our system. The other plan would be in Wotab, specifically within the Lake Charles area, which is experiencing rapid industrial expansion. Completion of this facility is targeted for 2021. Third, would be in Texas, specifically the Western region also by 2021. The generation resources are in addition to the planned acquisition of the Union Power facility as well as the construction of Ninemile 6. It is important to know that as with the 2020 Amite South facility to help build projects with the other new plants I mentioned would be marked tested via RFP or other mechanism as directed by our regulators. But the need to modernize as well as to meet growing demand is clear. In addition, to support near-term needs, we anticipate adding one CT plant in the Lake Charles Louisiana area by the end of 2020 as well as CT in New Orleans in New Orleans in 2019. Both of these plants will further diversify our generation portfolio by providing quick start peaking capability, serve growth and meet occasional reliability need. On the transmission front, our resource plant includes significant investments in transmission to the new and evolving NERC requirements as well as facilitate committed and expected growth and attract future growth. Major projects include the $62 million project we announced this month in Arkansas, build 24 miles of line in part to attract new industrial customers. In Texas over the next two years we have approval to build three 230 KV transmission projects filling more than 65 miles of line and more than $150 million in investment. In Louisiana we plan to make significant investment about $56 million, in new high capacity transmission facilities in mid-south which will make economic energy available to our customers and ensure reliable service in the heart of this industrial load pocket. In addition, we intend to build an approximately $187 million project including contingency in the Lake Charles area and action recently approved by the MISO board. I'll make a note here that everything I've just listed has been part of our capital plan for some time. We began by identifying the context in need, moved to the level of investment we thought it would take, and have now named specific projects, which merely provide detail and clarity. As I have noted the power to grow projects will bring significant economic and reliability benefits to the customers and communities we serve and if our plants are approved we'll translate to $8 billion of capital expenditures over the next three years resulting in $3billion to $4 billion in incremental rate based growth.  $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion in utility net income and utility parent and midpoint earnings per share are between $4.50 - $4.90 by 2017. In addition to this activity we are in the early stages of reviewing new investments and they could provide significant value to our customer. As we have before, we are identifying need in context and as these specifics begin to emerge, we will provide more. For example in Louisiana, the staff of the public service commission issued a composed order establishing a pilot program that would deploy instruments to stabilize natural gas cost including acquisition of supply to a direct interest or joint venture. Recent Mississippi legislation also supports such investment by providing for rate recovery and capital investment in natural gas reserves in order to foster long-term stability in the cost of fuel. We will also continue to evaluate opportunities for operational, reliability and customer service improvements as the industry continues to evolve and these could involve investments in the grid. We will work again in partnership with regulators and policy makers to achieve legislative and regulatory frameworks that support constructive outcome, both for our business those it serve. This is a long list, but we know that everything on it is important. If we continue to make progress on this list, as we expect to do, we continue to deliver good customer service with a more modern and reliable system that can accretive return levels and if we do it all while maintaining our rate advantage we will have creative value for all of our stake holders. The stability and financial flexibility created by these actions will help to put us into positions as discussed a dividend increase with our board of directors. A discussion that could come as early as this fall. Turning to EWC, here to over the past two years we've made progress on resolving numerous uncertainties and improving productivity. Most importantly, our EWC plant have operated safely and reliably. The nuclear fleet's average capacity factor over the past five years has exceeded 90%. We also made it a priority to better align our commercial and operational teams. If this alignment would be the foundation of everything we sought to achieve, the substantial values subsequently created by our risk management in hedging activities particularly during periods of extreme market volatility, these evidence are success in this regard. Our confluence factors resulting in much lower prices and less volatility this past winter in Northeast markets, our portfolio remains well positioned to capture upside from volatility as we see reserve margins decline and inadequate fuel supply infrastructure for the foreseeable future. We also made progress towards resolving some of the uncertainties surrounding the license renewal at Indian Point. We did this in part by successfully arguing the plant is grandfathered under the New York Coastal Zone Management Program. All this decision is being appealed by the New York State Department of State, we continue to believe that based on the facts we will be successful in extending the license life at Indian Point into the next decade and beyond. We remain committed to working constructively with the state of New York and regulators in this process. All the recent shut down of Vermont Yankee as well as the ongoing investment growth at utility has diminished with absolute and relative side, EWC remains an important asset in the Entergy portfolio. As we look to the future we will continue to focus on operational excellence and adapted commercial approaches. We'll also continue to advocate for changes to price formation and reform of the Northeast market structure. Continued out of market policies and intervention at state and regional level have made clear the critical need for federal guidance and direction in independent system operator who is been -- is responsible for competitive regional market. In particular, we believe guidance is needed in implementing new policies for both capacity and energy pricing, which are market based, for more transparency and provides fair value to attribute to provided by each type of generating resource. Entergy has been an active participant in many proceedings including clear and competitive market. Also initial signs of problem recognition are emerging. Generators and restructured markets left the constructive changes implemented in the near future. Without such change, sustainability of otherwise viable existing generating units will continue to be at risk especially given the investments required to properly maintain and reliably operate these facilities. We remain committed to working constructively with the FERC and the ISOs to achieve fair and balanced competitive markets in North East. In 2017, based on market crisis at the end of the March, we estimate EBITDA of $540 million at the EWC. Two years ago we redefined our mission, be a world class energy company in business to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders. We set plans and strategies to live that aim. I am pleased to report on our achievements for each stakeholder. Our owners, we set our objective to deliver top quartile returns in 2014, we did so. All our customers, we said we wanted to achieve best in class service. Most importantly to do this by keeping power flowing, when the lights do glow, getting them back on as quickly as possible. This June, the Southeastern electric exchange would recognize Entergy with its Chairman's award, our transmission team work restoring power, quickly and safely, after last year's tornadoes. Also this year perceivable reasons and for the 17th year in a row, EEI with its emergency recovery award.  We said we would maintain our rate advantage. Today our average retail customer rates across all classes are 20% below the national average. We said we maintain our commitment to support the communities reserve. Last year alone be contributed more than $16 million in numerous agencies foundations and other organizations, all working, make our communities better. The recognition of our performance on this front, we are recently named to Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine's ranking of 100 best corporate citizens. We are proud to be number 36 overall as well as the top ranking utility.  And finally to our employees, we said we would cultivate a culture, rewards and fosters achievement, in doing so we would create a company that everyone is proud to call their own. This effort will never have an endpoint. Everything I talked about today is evidence of our success on this front and the credit goes entirely to the 13,000 plus people across Entergy. So again today it is clear that Entergy is on a path to create sustainable long-term value for its stakeholders. We believe our track record of achievement over the past two years of service is an evidence of what we can achieve in the years to come. Again, in terms of performance, result and growth at Entergy we are where we expect to be. We are in track to accomplish what we set out to achieve/ And with that, I'll turn it over to Drew.
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. Before I get to the quarter's result, I would like to spend a few seconds on our new quarterly earnings package. The release and appendices focus largely on results on or forward-looking disclosures are primarily in the webcast presentation. We have also made a few additions and on which I'll point out as I go through the results. In case you're having trouble finding a particular item, we are provided a cross-reference on the page 22 of the release. Our earnings package is organized a little differently, but the disclosures that you depend on are still provided. Hope you will find the new items all responses to your feedback. If you find that is not the case, report to us now. Now let's turn to the quarterly results. Slide three summarizes first quarter consolidated earnings per share. Operational results exclude special items from the decision to close Vermont Yankee, and the HCM implementation in 2015. Operational earnings per share were 1.6, a $1.68 in the first quarter of 2015, lower than the $2.29 per share earned in 2014. The quarter-over-quarter decline was largely attributable to lower wholesale energy prices at EWC.  Slide four summarizes first quarter EPS with the utility and parent and other. Combined operationally EPS was $0.97 per share in the current period, compared to $0.90 in the first quarter in 2014. Utility net revenue was the base driver and billed retail sales increased 1.5% on a weather adjusted basis. Once again the strongest growth was in the industrial class. Quarter-over-quarter nonfuel O&M increase mostly in line with our expectations. In the near term, expenses were higher by $0.07 due primarily of planned maintenance outages. Nuclear spending increased $0.04 due largely to higher regulatory compliance expenses. Other expenses increased to $0.10 of the quarterly variance, most of which have direct cost recovery in net revenue including energy efficiency cost and MISO administrative fees. Utility first quarter 2015 results included an income tax benefit as well. You probably noticed that we added a new adjusted earnings view that endeavors highlight the underlying performance of the utility business with parent and other which combined on the basis of our dividend policy.  Turning back industrial sales for a moment on slide 5, they came in at 2.9% higher than last year. The growth was again across almost all customer segments. Chemical saw the highest increase primarily due to core alkali and petrochemical customers. Transportation segment was also strong. Other industrial sales increased -- although industrial sales increased they were lower than we expected due to customer outages and some delays with new customers and expansion projects. Moving to EWC, slide 6 shows both EBITDA and EPS for the quarter. EWC operational adjusted EBITDA was $254 million in the current quarter about $200 million in the last year. Closer of Vermont Yankee and is mostly un-hedged position last year down than more than half of the quarter quarter-over-quarter decrease. Closer of VY also affects every line item and that makes the understanding detail drivers difficult. There for in spite 27 and 28 in the appendix provide additional information to help you navigate.  Excluding VY, net revenue will still remain driver for the EBITDA decline as wholesale energy prices in the first quarter of last year was significantly higher. Now in VY nuclear generation increased on fuel refueling outage. On an EPS basis, EWCs operational earnings were $0.71 per share lower than the $1.39 a year ago.  In addition to the drivers already noted EWC had a higher effective tax rate and higher realized earnings on decommissioning trust about half of which was for VY. Briefly moving to slide 7, OCF was $611 million in the current quarter, about a $150 million lower in 2014. The most significant driver was lower net revenue from lower wholesale energy prices with EWC partially offset by higher net revenue at utility.  Now lets turn to forward looking information. Slide 8 summarizes our 2015 operational earnings guidance which we affirm today with the midpoint of $5.50 on a range of plus or minus $0.40. We are ahead of expectations through the first quarter as it still in the year and our expectations for the full year remain on track with our original guidance. As we look at the longer term expectation, slide 9 summarizes our EWC EBITDA outlook based on market prices as of quarter end. You will note that they have not changed much till end of the year despite the volatility between then and now. We are still bullish on power and natural gas versus the current market but not as bullish as we were and that means that we now expect EWCs EBITDA will be below our previous point of view expectation. That said we received consistent feedback that the [POV] based EBITDA has been a source of confusion since we introduced it last summer.  Markets have been within our point of view range and below our point of view and multiple times over the last year and again that EWC markets and by extension earnings a volatile. To simplify we are returning to our previous practices of externally communicating only the market based EBITDA expectation and to this gladded in the related of today.  We will continue to provide our point of view on the market but not those specific point of view EBITDA estimate. While on EWC continue to receive questions regarding impairment. As in the current quarter weve not incurred an impairment law but we continue to monitor this issue which includes consideration of the expectation of future economic conditions particularly price levels is also stat of operations in the caring value of the asset. Keep in mind, impairments would not affect our decisions with respect to continued operations of the plan.  Slide 10 reflects our 2017 outlook for utility and Parent and Other. The utility outlook remains on track for 2017 operational earnings of 1.05 billion to 1.1 billion. As we have said before, this includes our statutory tax rate and pension discount rate of 5%. Foundation for utilities growth outlook is it capital investment plan, continue to expect 5% to 7% [indiscernible] through 2017. Nearly $1 billion union acquisition and other potential generation refresh our aging fleet as well as to meet new customer loaded clients. And by transmission investments to meet noted requirements and customer reliability needs industrial expansion.  In addition of the capital investment plan we will need to execute on rate cases in our Arkansas, Texas this year to achieve our objective. Few final comments on financing activity before I conclude, into deep corporation have $550 million five years notes which will come due in September this year. And with finance those notes and advance from maturity date possibly as early as this quarter. We are also amending Entergy Corps $3.5 billion credit facility along with $650 million of companion operating company line of credit to extend for one year and to account for the ELL EGSL business combination. Lastly on March 31st S&P revised its rating outlook for Entergy Corp and its subsidiaries to positive from stable. S&P specifically noted increased focus on our regulated businesses, the expectation for above average utility sales growth and recently passed Arkansas legislation and other factors that are expected to continue to strengthen our business risk profile overtime. As weve said, weve made a lot of progress in the last couple of years and we remain on track to achieve our objectives, over the next few years, and create real and sustainable value for our key stakeholders, our owners, our customers, our employees and our communities.  And now the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin of Smith of UBS. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin: Now, could we address, first off, the sales growth? You addressed it at length in the commentary, but perhaps can you jive the first-quarter 1.5% relative to the full-year target? And also in contrast, I see that -- I suppose, in your guidance, you talk about utility revenue up $0.55 for the year. And I think you hit it net about $0.25 though, a constructive commentary there, where do you stand viz-a-viz the EPS as well? So the percent change in the EPS on the utility, if you can? 
Andrew Marsh: Theo, why dont you start, and then if you could.
Theo Bunting: So Julien Ill maybe address your first question in terms of the growth. As Drew said, the 1.5% was primarily impacted by what we saw in the industrial sector in terms of where it came in at 2.9%; most of that that was driven primarily in two areas. The timing of new and the expansion project, that we expected in the first quarter, as well as the one time unexpected issues with just some of our existing customers. And those two issues roughly represented about 50% of the difference in terms of what we expected versus where we ended up. So clearly that seems weve had some softening in the first quarter. Clearly some of that we will see pick up as we go out into the year in 2016 and 2017. So it doesnt change our overall expectation as it relates to 2017 at this point in time. What Ill also say though even with the 1.5% growth as you mentioned our revenues were still strong and revenues got fairly much close to our expectations. And so its still early and were still assessing what we believe will be as we go through the year, but I mean the first quarter delays clearly could dampen our 2015 results but again as Drew mentioned early we still see ourselves in our earnings guidance for 2015.
Andrew Marsh: Yes this is Drew and Ill just add that in addition to what Theo said we do have some cost in that top line which are offset in O&M, so I think in my comments talking about around $0.10 is other stuff, for some things like MISO cost and energy efficiency cost that  were a little ahead of where we expected them to be and theyre offset in that net revenue line so thats that part of why the net revenue line is higher than maybe what youre anticipating as well.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. But just to be clear on the sales growth, its fundamental delays is not necessarily a shift in the fundamental outlook for a decline in the commodities, et cetera? 
Theo Bunting: Yes I mean what we thought primarily was just our shifts and timing. As weve said from an oil price perspective, we still dont see any significant impact. I mean we fundamentally believe a large majority of our industrial growth through 17 is coming from projects that are already in advanced stages of development and first quarter didnt change that.
Leo Denault: This is Leo, Jul, Id just add. Weve mentioned this before but I guess just it garnered some reinforcement. Lot of these expansions into our new customers, theyre big projects. And they target a date that its not uncommon for capital projects in the 100s of millions of dollars or in some cases the multi-billion dollar range a month or two here and there. So that may or may not occur in line with what we would have expected from time-to-time also.
Julien Dumoulin: And then secondly, if you don't mind, a kind of bigger picture question on dividend, you alluded to it earlier. What's your targeted payout ratio? Or how do you think about the dividend in the context of the EWC business and the utilities at this point or prospectively?
Theo Bunting: Well from EWC business, you dont think about it at all. The dividend is purely from utility Parent & Other and we had outlined at the Analyst Day, our expectations that 65% to 75% payout ratio of utility Parent & Other Earnings was our target.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. So perhaps in looking at that initially here, remaining towards the top end of that range, would that be a fair statement as you think about growing that in the 2016 timeframe? 
Theo Bunting: Well, when we look at it, just to put some context about it. Our objective being to return capital to shareholders and to do it on an attractive sustained basis, were looking to create an era of sustain dividend growth. So as we look at their growth in that segment of the business, were going to chase the payout ratio and have the dividend jumping around a lot. Were going to look for sustained growth in the business, and well make recommendations in the board, put together a path with the dividend that achieves that consistent with what those long-term earnings growth power would be. So were going to review that as we always do every year. But when we get into this fall, it's going to be reviewed in the context of the growth that we continue to believe. This is going to occur within that segment as well as other factors that the board will consider like reinvestment dollars that we have to put into the dividend et cetera or into the utility business, but thats primarily the way were thinking about it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Your line is now open.
Paul Patterson: I was looking -- I was a little bit confused by the decommissioning benefit that you guys have in the release. As I recall, you guys were expecting the decommissioning expenses to increase. So I was wondering, is that decommissioning -- how should we think of that decommissioning and guidance? The decommissioning trust fund and what have you, and the benefit that you saw in the quarter versus the rest of the year? 
Theo Bunting: Its a good question Paul. So when we were in EEI, we talked about $20 million to $25 million of net income drag from -- and 15, in 16 and then it kind of trailed about 10 after that. So we do expect that the comedown as critical aspect of the decommissioning process lined up, lined off, I should say. But since the EEI as we go closure to the actual shutdown date and we started to need to make decisions around how were going to manage that decommissioning trust. And it become clear that we needed to be de-risking that trust as we moved to the first phase of decommissioning, which cause have to turn over a portfolio a little bit more than we had previously anticipated. And so were trying to do that at a nice ratable basis as we go through the year, starting a little bit last year and it will probably continue on into a little bit into the first quarter maybe even next year. But it should be about $0.04 or so each quarter, is kind of what our expectation is. And that over the course for the year is going to take up a lot of the offset drag that we were anticipating for 15. So -- overall for the year would be anticipated now to be about flat or maybe even slightly positive or I would say about flat is the expectation.
Paul Patterson: For the full year?
Theo Bunting: Full year.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So there's going to be -- okay. And then in terms of the zone changes in New England, I was wondering if there was any impact on you guys -- and this is in terms of the point of view change -- well, not the point of view change, but has there been any quantitative change in the point of view? I know you -- directionally, you guys are bullish, but has there been any -- anything in terms of your outlook for the markets that has changed quantifiably? 
Theo Bunting: Yes, Paul. We have in fact lower point of view from our natural gas perspective, obviously that close through power prices. However, we still do remain bullish compared to the market overall. As it relates to the zone in the New England; its really a tough call in terms of where those markets end up. Were still working through that, but really there is a wide range of outcomes depending on supply demand balance. And so right now, I dont have anything to share specifically as it relates to a price range. Were trying to get more information from the ISO and further evaluate that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: Can you talk about the -- what your earned return on equity has been in Arkansas? And given the recent changes in the regulatory structure there, and your intent on filing under the new structure, whether you think you'll see -- over what trajectory you think you'll see improvement in that return?
Bill Mohl: Excuse me, yes, sure Greg, this is Bill. I believe if you look at the pocket -- webcast pocket, it was slight -- a normalized, it was about 5.9% for the last 12 months ending March 31 of this year. And clearly what the perform and what the rate case filing, we expect that you think about the impact and rate case filing and the revenue impact as well as net income impact, we see Arkansas as we go forward 16 and beyond with the formal rate plans forward test here making significant movement to earning there a lot of return.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So you think the balance -- that you'll be litigating that case for the balance of 2015. And to the extent there is a change, and we'll see that show up in 2016? 
Bill Mohl: Yes. I mean hopefully an effect, there is a large statutory period in Arkansas and while we dont have a procedural schedule set just yet, we would expect to see the case playing out through the remainder of 2015 and we would see the latest rate impact in March from the filing date which was last Friday.
Operator: And our next question comes from Daniel Eggers of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Daniel Eggers: Just going back to the point of view comment or kind of the change there, I think previously it looked like you had about $100 million or $150 million of POV uplift for 2017. How much has that point of view changed? And does that have any bearing on kind of the 2% to 4% EPS growth target you guys provided starting back at your Analyst Day? 
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. Ill take first crack and then I will let anybody else to jump in. But as it relates to the EBITDA uplift that were talking about, before I think it was 650 million to 700 million. And as we kind of gone along and prices has stayed along and gotten closer and closer to those periods, it's less than less likely that we would make it into the range. And so our point of view as that slipped in the timeframe that weve talked about below that 650 fresh oil, I think. Last quarter we are right about the edge and now were a little bit below. So thats whats happening within. As we look out, we still have a bullish point of view thats start to ride as we get beyond the period that were talking about, but its been pushed further out as we've gone along. As it relates to the 2% to 4%, I think the primary driver at the utility continues to be right on track. The utility and the Parent & Other combined entity in fact we've given those ranges for 16 and 17. Those are still very much intact. In fact, were looking for additional opportunities, maybe even in the 17 timeframe. But as EWC is the part of that earnings mix, it doesnt look like at this point that EWC would allow us to make it back into that particular range. However you never know stranger things happen in 2017 and particularly still pretty far away. So we wouldnt say, we cant make it, but right now as we look at our view, were probably just below that level.
Daniel Eggers: Got it. Thank you. And I guess just on the gas reserves and rate base conversation, can you maybe just share a little more detail on how those two processes are going to work? And what you guys have from an overall annual natural gas burn rate? 
Theo Bunting: In terms of, Dan, it's Theo -- in terms of how those process works, we have the pilot program Leo mentioned in Louisiana, and we'll be filing comments relative to that, this month and that will progress based on the commission's directives, in terms of how they moves along. At this point, we are just -- we're exploring options. And the timing of that is going to depend on the form of the investment and again how that plays through the regulatory process. In terms of gas burn today, I'm not certain, I can't tell you exactly how much it is. We would probably just have a follow-up and give you that information.
Leo Denault: I would just say, Dan, I mean, obviously given the nature of our fleet, or gas burn is pretty significant. I don't have it at the top of my head, have the -- how many it is a day -- we are talking about that -- 
Andrew Marsh: I'd say, it's true -- I said it's going to be a small amount of our overall gas burn to begin with. We are not going to be able to jump in and hedge our entire supply. As Leo said, I mean it's very large, and we're spending in the neighborhood of $3 billion a year on gas supply, maybe a little lower because prices are lower today. But it's a significant amount, and so we would be trying to carve out, at least initially small layer that would allow us to kind of get our feet under it and we really appreciate how this is going to work through all the barriers, operational processes as well as regulatory process.
Daniel Eggers: And I don't want to ask a detailed question, but I'm not going to anyway. The EWC guidance for this year at $0.70 versus the $0.71 you did in the first quarter, I know you don't want to update guidance too early, but is there a plausible case where you guys would not make money at EWC for the rest of the year? 
Theo Bunting: Well, if prices went lower, yes. But I don't think that's our expectation. I think we are a little ahead of schedule through the first quarter and we expect to do, to earn a little bit more, but as we are going along, the nature of the EWC business in particular has gotten highly seasonal and anchored towards really the winter timeframe. And so we do expect to make a little bit more money at EWC during the course of the year. The bulk of the earning at this point are completed through the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research; your line is now opened.
Steven Fleishman: Just a little more flavor this morning on the natural gas, pilot. And I guess you mentioned both Louisiana and Mississippi. Could you maybe give us a sense of just rather than an amount of gas, just potential investment size? Is this tens of millions, hundreds of millions, billions -- just some rough idea of potential scale of these investments? 
Andrew Marsh: This is Drew. It's certainly not in the billion at this point and tens of millions is probably too small. So it's going to be of in the neighborhood of 200 million to 300 million, maybe initially in that range. It could be a little higher or lower, but something like that, if we decide to move forward.
Steven Fleishman: Is that just Louisiana or is that both states? 
Andrew Marsh: That would probably be both states. I mean, Louisiana would be the bulk of it. Born is considerably smaller in Louisiana.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you have no impairments on EWC, as of the current quarter. Why did you even mention that? Is there something that you are particularly focused on there, to bring that up? 
Andrew Marsh: It's something that we get questions on from time to time and because of that we think that it's something that's been on investors mind. So we wanted to just make sure we where forthright with a discussion about it and make sure that everybody knew that it is on our radar screen, it's something that we are paying close attention to. That was the primary reason for it. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And just lastly, in the kind of overall utility outlook that you provided through 2017, would you say the kind of improved Arkansas environment was kind of assumed in there? Or would you say its a potential kind of upside to the utility point. 
Leo Denault: Hi, Steve this is Leo. I mean clearly as we lay out our plan we are in expectation about improving our results in Arkansas. So I would say, if you look at the growth that we see, there are primarily three main elements especially when you move from 2015 to 2016 utility, but the sales growth, its regulatory improvement in Arkansas and clearly its the union investment. So, we did have an expectation around that. In terms of whether there is upside or not it would be worth to find as we go forward and we move through the process of the case itself; that means the early case. But we had expectation -- to provide improved results in Arkansas as we laid our plans for 2016 and 2017. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys, two questions. One, any plans regarding both near-term and long-term regarding the holding company level debt? Meaning is your anticipation to leave that debt there? Is your anticipation to make sure all of it is financed long-term and there's no short-term? You've done a good chunk of that already. Is the goal to kind of pay that down, so whenever EWC has cash flow, you can kind of get back to the mode, like you used to do a number of years ago, of being able to use EWC's free cash to buy back stock? Like, how are you thinking about short-term, one or two years? And then a three to five year cycle about what to do with the parent debt? 
Andrew Marsh: Im not sure where to start on that one Michael. But there is a lot going on in that question. In terms of the capital structure, I talked a little bit in my prepared remarks about the parent financing that we have coming up. I think were going to do fixed rate notes, were going to refinance those this fall, or maybe even much earlier than that. We have a lot of financing activity going on the second half of the year with the Parent note coming due, the anticipation of the union acquisition and all of the -- and the financings that well have to go on with that at utility level. And then because of them ELL-EGSL combination, we have to redo revolvers for those businesses. And while we are at it, were going to go ahead and redo the entire thing. So, were going to probably do that a little earlier in anticipation of the ability to close that combination. So those are the main activity things and in terms of going forward, we are continuing to anticipate that were going to carry that short term debt for a while and its going to continue to float.  The short term rates havent moved too much and certainly we have lot of exposure to interest rate on the pension side of our book. So any movement on that side is balanced pretty well on the interest rate side for the roughly $1.5 billion of short term debt that we have. So, we would anticipate that we would change that anytime soon. And as we think about the overall Parent debt capital structure including both the short-term variable and the fixed rate, these were still targeting at 18% to 20% Parent debt to total debt ratio. So, we could probably be a little bit above that this year as we close through the union deal. Well probably draw a little bit more on that but over the next few years we do see it trending down and provided we dont come up with a whole bunch more investment opportunity.  So those are the kind of the main thing, were going to continue to kind of maintain our capital structure at the parent level for the time being as it is today. But obviously well be looking for other ideas and opportunities as we go along.  And I think that answers everything that you had in your question Michael. 
Michael Lapides: Yes, that's perfect. An unrelated question. A while ago, a year or a year and a half ago, there was a lot of discussion about Palisades in terms of operating performance -- NRC oversight, a handful of other things. Can you just kind of touch base on that a little bit? It's been a while since I think you've talked about it, so I just want a sanity check what's out there.
Bill Mohl: Sure. Michael, its bill. Palisades has been running extremely well, above a 90% capacity factor. The one issue we have out there is the embrittlement issue, which is still under review by the NRC. We expect clarity on that by this summer. And again I think based on our own analysis we really do not believe there is any issues that I hope, that we could verified in July. But now Palisades is back on track and operating very-very well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now opened.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick one back on sales growth, I'm afraid. I was just curious on slide 5, where you talk about existing large customers down largely on outages. But it would have been up absent outages. Can you -- how significant was the outage piece? And can you just size that relative to the delays you saw on the new customer stuff? 
Bill Mohl: Yes. Jonathan, this is Bill. I think I mentioned as part of the first question. Roughly when we, in terms of where we landed versus our expectation, it was approximately half and half. About half it was really due to timing of new and expansion projects and half was really due to only one-time unexpected issues or outages with some of our existing customers.
Operator: Thank you. And then an interest of time, our next question will come from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: My Arkansas question got answered, so let me move to Mississippi with just one question. Is the new law, I mean pre- the new law, you can make an investment in infrastructure; let's say the development didn't happen, and the Commission could come back with a used-and-useful argument and disallow that investment. Is that what this eliminates? 
Bill Mohl : Charles, when you speak to the new laws and were talking about what was passed recently as it relates to the ability to make investment in anticipation of economic growth.
Charles Fishman: Yes. The thing you refer to on the first page you release.
Bill Mohl: Yes, I think it's really more than anything again clarity as it relates to how you can make that investment in anticipation of that growth. But I think it really goes to whats happening in Mississippi in terms of improving relationships and their recognition, of the importance of economic development and growth, economic growth in the state, again the clarity I think was more around you can make that investments and there was an expectation. We should have an expectation that that investment would be viewed as necessary and from as rate recovery perspective market it less controversial.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Theo Bunting: Yes, Charles, Ill just add. What weve been doing over the last couple of years is working really in partnership with all of our stakeholders in each jurisdiction. And that partnership is around, but it is it that we're all jointly trying to accomplish, we're all jointly trying to accomplish economic prosperity in the communities that we serve and that they regulate or that they have administrative controller over through the governor, what have you. So we spend a lot of time on that overall objective. And that objective being to promote economic development and prosperity in those economy. That has resulted in a better understanding between us all about what our objectives. We share and what processes that we can utilize that we can agree on. So at the end of the day legislation and laws and alternative show-up the way we would design it and then were going to come up the way that jointly between us, governors, legislative, bodies economic development agencies, and regulators, that weve been in the best interest of those, of their jurisdictions and our customers. And so what I think youve seen in Arkansas, where youve seen in Mississippi, what weve seen with the proceedings around capacity transmission distribution writers in Texas, what we hope to see as we continue to go forward and Louisiana is things that work and more job creation, and economic prosperity, and better communities where we serve. Thats really all we've done. But it should turn out well for us, if it turns out well for the communities. And I think that's what you're seeing in those types of legislative efforts in the regulatory outcomes that we've seen over the last couple of years. 
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thanks, Leo. But it certainly gives you more confidence in your 2017 outlook for the utilities in what's happened in Arkansas and Mississippi recently? 
Leo Denault: It absolutely does and the reason that confidence is important is if you think about what's happening in all of these jurisdictions. In Arkansas we have major customer, coming online with a steel mill. And we provide a lot of electricity too in Louisiana. We've got significant growth along the Gulf Coast as it relates to the petrochemical business. And in Texas we see not only the industrial expansion but in Texas we see significant commercial and residential load growth as well and we have to be ready willing and able to serve that load and do that while we continue with the process we started around 10 years ago refreshing the generating portfolio and continuing to meet an evolving set of reliability requirements as it relates to transmission and so. The confidence is good because it gives us the ability to deploy that capital more quickly and in ways that better meet those customers' needs. So it's a win-win for everybody.
Operator: And I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Paulo Waters for any closing remarks.
Paulo Waters: Thanks, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release in Web site for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statement. We will file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q with the SEC within the next week. The Form 10-Q provides more details and disclosures about our financial statement. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-Q filing that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet would be reflected in our financial statement in accordance with generally accepted accounting principle. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our Web site or by dialing 855-859-2056; conference ID 87440452. The telephone replay will be available until May 5th. This concludes our call. Thank you
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Bill Abler -  Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release and Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Paula Waters. Ma'am, you may begin.
Paula Waters: Thank you. Good morning and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the company's SEC filings. Now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Paula. And good morning, everyone. Last year, we told you that Entergy was in a unique position, and that's still true today. We said we had a significant opportunity to invest in and modernize our fleet, strengthen reliability and meet evolving regular expectations and requirements. We said by making these investments, we could both grow our rate base and our keep customer rates low, a strategy supported in part by the industrial renaissance here in the Gulf South. We said we would manage risk and preserve optionality at Entergy wholesale commodities by improving fleet operations and pursuing stability. We said we'd manage commodity risk and leverage in the inherent volatility of power prices to our benefit and that of our owners. I'm pleased to say we did all of these things in 2014. At the Utility, we announced the proposed purchase of the Union Power Station, which would serve 4 of our operating companies. In Louisiana, Ninemile 6 came online months early and about $70 million underbudget. We resolved 2 important rate cases in Mississippi and Texas. And in Arkansas, while we are not where we need to be, we were granted limited relief in our request for a rate case rehearing. We completed our first full year of operation in MISO. And it's becoming clear that our projections that customers would realize savings were correct, validating our regulator's decision to approve that move. Although the numbers are still estimates, it now appears that customers across the Utility will, in fact, realize more MISO-driven savings than we had originally expected. We did all these while keeping our rates low, about 20% below the national average across all of our customer classes. For the year, we beat our original 1.9% retail sales growth projections by 0.4% coming in at 2.3%. Industrial sales led the way with 5% growth, beating our estimates of 2.8% by a wide margin. At EWC, we improved operations at our plants, which, even during the coldest days of the polar vortex, we're able to provide customers with safe, reliable power. And we made significant investments at our Fitzpatrick plant to strengthen reliability even further. At Indian point, we received an important favorable ruling on CZMA from the New York State appellate court, and we continue to engage New York State agencies when appropriate and possible. And particularly in the first quarter, during periods of market volatility, our risk management and hedging activities delivered substantial value for our owners. EWC's strong first quarter, coupled with that of the utility resulted in operational EPS growth of nearly 9% for the year, well above the original guidance we provided in the fall of 2013. All of these things led to Entergy capturing a top quartile position on total shareholder return in 2014. We believe this performance illustrates our commitment to what has been our mission for some time, creating sustainable value for our owners, customers, employees and the communities that we serve. As we look to 2015 and beyond, we can say with confidence that the fundamentals driving our business are intact. Of course, we know that our company faces some challenges in the coming year. And these challenges, including the drop in power prices, underlay our announcement this morning on 2015 guidance. But Entergy remains on track to deliver on its objectives. Our strategy remains sound and you will continue to see us execute on it this year and in the years to come. Let me start our discussion about the Utility by saying we continue to believe that, today, Entergy has some of the best growth fundamentals in the business. We continue to see a need make productive investments to meet increasing reliability requirements and to modernize our fleet. We enjoy and are working hard to strengthen recovery mechanisms that give us the financial flexibility to make these investments. Again, we expect to do so while maintaining our rate advantage, both through actions we've taken and, despite the drop in oil prices, through the continued expansion of our industrial customer base. 2014 provided ample evidence to support this point of view. Let's start with productive investments and the recent actions we have taken. On December 9th, we signed an agreement to acquire Union Power Station near El Dorado, Arkansas. While the agreement is subject to regulatory approval from 3 of our operating companies, buying this natural, gas-fired, nearly 2,000-megawatt facility helps us modernize our fleet and positions our operating companies to meet growing demand, including from industrial customers. In Arkansas and Louisiana, similar to prior acquisitions, these filings also include proposals for timely rate approvals. In Texas, we filed for CCN, Certificate of Convenience and Necessity, and plan to file a rate case in the second quarter to incorporate the Union Plant and rates upon closing. In Louisiana, for the first time in nearly 30 years, the Utility added a self-build power plant in its fleet. We're happy to say that Ninemile 6 in Westwego began commercial operations in the MISO market on December 24. This plant provides value to our customers and to our community, and is already fully reflected in rates. In addition, in early June, we announced plans for a major transmission build in southwest Louisiana. The Lake Charles transmission project, with investment of an estimated $187 million, will be one of the largest transmission projects in Entergy history. Again, our aim here is to strengthen reliability and support economic development that is already occurring in one of the fastest-growing regions in the country. I'll move now to the regulatory arena, where we also made significant progress. In Mississippi, we received more clarity in early December when the MPSC approved a rate modernization plan, which includes, as you know, a 10.07% benchmark ROE as well as provisions to strengthen our financial position for making investments. Importantly, and also in Mississippi, we began implementing the state's first ever utility-owned solar project, which will include the installation of 3 500-kilowatt ground-mounted solar arrays. Not a huge project, but it's an important way to gauge the viability of solar energy in the state, and, for us, it's also a good example of how Entergy and our commissioners can work together to find common ground. In Texas, we were the first utility in the state to take advantage of a distribution cost recovery rider. We also had 2 transmission lines CCN approved, and we filed another, for a total investment of approximately $166 million. In Arkansas, the APSC recently ruled to allow us to recover, via retail rates, FERC ordered System Agreement payments. 100% of the $71 million requested last year was approved in the PCA rider. And just last week, we notified the Arkansas commission that we will be filing a rate case in the next 2 to 3 months. We believe this rate case filed will have a positive outcome and give us the financial flexibility to invest in and strengthen our Arkansas portfolio, which in turn should go a long way in helping to drive economic growth and job creation. As you've heard me say before, constructive engagement with our regulators in Arkansas has been a top priority for us. We think we have an opportunity to strengthen our efforts in this regard, and now it's up to us to do just that. In New Orleans, ENOI and the city council's advisers reached an agreement in principle. This agreement would allow securitization of the amount necessary to establish a $75 million storm reserve. It would also allow recovery of nearly $32 million in capital costs associated with the Hurricane Isaac restoration. Funds from this securitization are expected in May of 2015, and will give Entergy New Orleans the financial resources to restore services if and when another storm hits. In Louisiana, the LPSC approved an accelerated gas pipe replacement program to, among other things, replace about 100 miles of pipe over the next 10 years. The commission also approved a rider for recovery of approximately $65 million in investment over 10 years. Rider recovery will be adjusted quarterly to reflect actual investment incurred for the prior year quarter. Finally, as I said earlier, we expect to see the industrial renaissance continue. Overall, we see retail sales growth estimates of 3.25% to 3.75% through 2017. Drew will be giving you more detail about this in a minute. Entergy Wholesale Commodities also had a strong year, capped by a quarter with some important positives. The plants are operated well and we made progress on the license renewal of Indian Point. As most of you know, a New York State appellate court ruled that Indian Point is grandfathered under the New York Coastal Zone Management Program; as such, exempt from CZMA review. If permission to appeal is denied or the ruling upheld, a new CZMA determination would not be required for license renewal. We also negotiated the standstill agreement with the New York State Department of State, which provides parties a period of about 6 months to discuss our recent withdrawal of the CZMA application. While we remain confident in our legal position to withdraw this application, the agreement is notable because it is evidence of the progress we've made in engaging in constructive discussions with New York State agencies. As we have consistently said, Entergy remains open to discussing a potential settlement that is fair and considers the interest of all parties. We continue to work through the license renewal process for Indian Point, a plant that supplies, on average, 25% of the power to New York City and the Westchester County area, and one that the New York ISO acknowledges as an essential part of the state's generation portfolio. We also continue to believe Indian Point will operate well into the next decade. Another item of note in the fourth quarter was Vermont Yankee, which came offline safely and as planned on December 29. Remarkably, it did so following its fourth breaker-to-breaker run. During what was often a difficult time, through hard work and dedication, our VY employees delivered an extraordinary year. At Entergy, we often say that we're lucky to work with the best in the business, and there can be no better evidence of this than our people at Vermont Yankee. And for that, they have our sincere thanks. The VY closure also highlighted market design flaws. And while we can't say these flaws were the sole cause of the closure, it nonetheless brings into stark relief unintended consequences that unviable market design can have. Fortunately, we're seeing some progress on fixes to capacity markets. And certainly, the infrastructure constraints in the Northeast are attracting more attention. If these attention translates to sound policies that address these issues, we think that would be good for everyone. One thing you'll be hearing about this year is energy price scrimmage. Basically today, some ISO market rules and algorithms can affect suppressed prices by not allowing the full cost of the marginal unit to set the clearing price. In the long run, this will lead to unwarranted plant retirements, resulting in higher cost and more volatility in price, and ultimately, degradation reliability. And that won't be good for anyone. I'll end our EWC discussion with a note on our hedging strategy, which is proving so successful in the past. While we strive to hedge with asymmetric upsides, take advantage of our bullish point of view and market volatility, our hedging portfolio as reflected in our quarterly price subsidy charts does carry some downside price risk. Moving forward, we will continue to position our portfolio to capture market upside while maintaining downside risk protection, always considering product availability, hedging costs and market liquidity. Overall, we think EWC has one of the best merchant portfolios in the country. Not only are our plants safe and well run, operating at high-capacity factors with few unplanned outages. But as we saw last year, all of them played a critical role in their respective regions. We also believe the EWC fleet is well positioned for growth, in part because we see improving fundamentals over time, including power prices, and a constructive outcome on Indian Point. And we intend to continue to strengthen these fundamentals through our own actions, including disciplined hedging risk management as well as diligently managing the processes for the continued safe operation of our facilities. So again, Entergy had a strong year. But as proud as we are of that success, it's in the rearview mirror. We are now focused on the road ahead and achieving our 2015 goals. First and foremost, excellence in safety and operations. We were pleased that River Bend received its first-ever rating of excellence compared with peers, joining both Indian Point and Waterford 3 in that category. This is an accomplishment that reflects our employees' years of hard work and commitment. We need to make sure that this level of excellence is maintained and expanded. At the Utility, we expect to deliver on our significant investment in construction opportunity, even as we work to find new ways to benefit current and potential customers. I'll note that this includes deployment of renewable energy. In 2015, we will be taking additional steps to assess its potential cost and performance at several of our operating companies. And in order to meet evolving customer needs and expectations, we will also look for opportunities to incorporate new ideas and technologies, working to ensure that we are able to earn our full allowed ROEs in the coming years. And the across the Utility also continues to be a priority. Another objective is to receive approval from the Louisiana Public Service Commission to combine Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana into a single utility. This move will make it easier for us to make needed investments in the state's power infrastructure; and, via expanded rate options, sustain and propel the state's industrial renaissance. At EWC, we will continue to focus on positioning the portfolio to unleash its full value, and this certainly includes advancing license renewable efforts at Indian Point. We will continue to advocate for sensible policy frameworks that recognize the value of our merchant fleet, from environmental to reliability, which we believe will benefit not only our company but also the customers and communities we serve. And finally, all of these actions will support job creation and economic growth in every state, region and community where we do business. This includes substantial support for schools and universities as well as workforce training programs, so opportunity is shared with as many as people as possible. This is a priority for us. You'll be hearing more about progress against each of these objectives in the months to come. Let me conclude with a couple of important points. Today, as you heard me say, Entergy has an opportunity to position our service territory for the future. This means modern, more efficient plants, infrastructure that is even more reliable than it is today, and the incorporation of new and emerging technologies. For us, this opportunity translates to investment, particularly over the next 3 to 5 years. To reiterate, and as we saw in 2014, we have a compelling capital plan, a regulatory environment that, by and large, allows us the financial flexibility to deploy it, and sales growth that supports growth both keeping -- both by keeping rates low. And in the end, this business is a long-term play. So while short term and even mid-term volatility is a fact of life, as we look to 2015 and beyond, it that should not distract us from this company's strong fundamentals, sound strategy and unique opportunity. And with that, I'll turn it over to Drew.
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will review the financial results for the quarter as well as highlights from the full year. In addition, I will discuss the 2015 operational earnings guidance which we initiated today and review our 2017 financial outlook. Starting with Slide 2, our fourth quarter results for the current and prior years are shown on an as reported and operational basis. Note that operational results exclude special items from the decision to close Vermont Yankee, HCM implementation and the transmission spin-merge effort terminated in 2013. Operational earnings per share were $0.75 in the fourth quarter of 2014, lower than the dollar per share earned in 2013. Results by line of business are summarized on Slide 3. Starting with Utility, operational EPS was $0.61 per share in the current period compared to $0.86 in the prior period. The Utility continued to realize volume improvement with 2.4% weather-adjusted retail sales growth. Excluding the effects of weather, higher volume contributed about $0.03 per share to the quarter's net revenue increase. The industrial customer class had the strongest gains at 6.7%. About a third of the industrial growth came from the large chemical segment, which increased 11% quarter-over-quarter, mostly due to the expansion of the core alkali -- of the ag core alkali customer. We also had solid growth of 4.3% from our petroleum refining customers, while sales to small industrial customers increased 3.3% as regional producers continue to benefit from a stronger national economy. Higher price contributed approximately $0.14 per share, a portion of which was offset by the other line items. Despite the net revenue growth, Utility results declined due largely to 3 drivers. First, nonfuel O&M was higher as benefits from our cost management efforts were offset by higher nuclear spending to improve operations, timing of Basel spending and other increases, such as MISO administrative fees, which were offset elsewhere in the income statement. Next, we recorded a $0.06 per share write-off because of regulatory uncertainty associated with the resolution of the Waterford 3 steam generator replacement prudence review. Finally, the Utility's effective income tax rate was higher due to benefits recorded in 2013. Moving onto EWC, operational earnings per share of $0.39 were lower than the $0.48 earned a year ago. The low EBITDA, 2 key drivers were a higher effective income tax rate and lower realized earnings on decommissioning trusts. EWC EBITDA for the quarter, summarized on Slide 4, was $183 million, a $50 million increase from the fourth quarter of 2013. Increased net revenue was the main driver due primarily to the effects of mark-to-market activity. Similar to 2013, we had sales that did not qualify for hedge accounting. Unlike 2013, market price moved down after those sales were executed and resulted in a positive mark-to-market gain in the fourth quarter of 2014. The net revenue increase was partially offset by the gain on the sale of the District Energy business in the fourth quarter of 2013. Briefly moving to operating cash flow shown on Slide 5, OCF was around $1 billion in the current quarter, about the same as 2013. Now I'll review the full year results, starting on Slide 6. On an operational basis, 2014 earnings per share ended the year at $5.83, up from $5.36 in 2013 and above our original guidance midpoint of $5. The largest driver for the year was top line growth at EWC and Utility. EWC earnings benefited from improved operating performance as well as our hedging strategy, which, as Leo noted, provides upside opportunity in a higher-priced environment while balancing operational credit risk. Utility net revenue reflected rate actions and sales growth, including the effects of weather. The overall company net revenue growth was partially offset by several items, including a higher effective income tax rate, Utility write-offs and the 2013 gain on the District Energy sale. On Slide 7, and staying with the full year view, EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA increased almost $400 million year-over-year, due mainly to the higher net revenue discussed earlier. Our full year operating cash flow performance is summarized on Slide 8. OCF was about $3.9 billion in 2014, up $700 million from the prior period. The primary full-year drivers are higher net revenue and receipt of proceeds to reimburse the Louisiana operating companies for Hurricane Isaac's costs. I'll now turn to forward-looking information. Slide 9 summarizes our 2015 operational earnings guidance, which we are initiating today with a midpoint of $5.50 and a range of plus or minus $0.40. Our guidance range reflects 2 key updates as we talked you at EEI about our expectations for 2015. First of all, we're now using forward price curves as of December 31, which are lower than the September 30 forwards available at EEI. Since EEI, our revenue estimates for EWC's nuclear fleet have come down approximately $0.65 per share, including $0.13 for mark-to-market activity. Secondly, we have continued to evaluate our income tax positions and our midpoint now reflects an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. This change is driven by additional anticipated benefits at Utility compared to expectations last fall. The precise timing of these benefits is uncertain, but our best estimate right now is this will be more backend-loaded in the year. Other less significant updates largely offset. Now I'll cover a few highlights of each of the business segments. Starting with the Utility, the guidance midpoint is $5.70 per share. Net revenue continues to be an important driver and sales growth accounts are approximately half of the $0.55 net revenue increase. Our guidance midpoint reflects 2.7% weather-adjusted retail sales growth in 2015, including 4.4% growth for the industrial class. A portion of the growth percentage change is due to 2014 industrial sales that were higher than we expected, as well as continued refinement of our 2015 estimates, driven in part by timing adjustments, meeting some customers with delays and some with slower ramp ups. We also updated some customer-specific forecasts for recent utilization trends. In addition, the net revenue increase reflects expected rate changes. But as we noted last quarter, we don't see regulatory price changes having a material year-over-year bottom line impact. Below net revenue, Utility O&M will increase because pension expense is now estimated to be higher than we anticipated at EEI, due primarily to a lower discount rate of 4.27%. The pension expense changed since EEI increased the Utility O&M by approximately $0.06 per share. For taxes, the Utility midpoint reflects an approximate 23% effective income tax rate in 2015. Now let's turn to the EWC. EWC's 2015 operational earnings guidance midpoint is $0.70 per share. We've isolated the year-over-year earnings contribution of Vermont Yankee, and is now expected to decline approximately $0.20 per share. This different than our expectations at EEI of about $0.40 per share due to lower fourth quarter prices in 2014 and more earnings on the decommissioning trust as we rebalanced to a more conservative stance during the first phase of decommissioning. Another driver in EWC's 2015 guidance is higher nonfuel O&M, including higher pension and OPEB expenses as well as the maintenance outage at RISEC and our CCGP in Rhode Island. Our 2017 outlook is summarized on Slide 10. The Utility outlook for operational earnings of $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion remains on track. The foundation for the Utility's growth outlook is a capital investment plan, which is largely unchanged since EEI. The next important assumption for the Utility sales growth, which we anticipate will continue to be robust for 2017. Our current estimate for the full-year compound annual growth rate off a 2013 base year was around the low end of the range provided at EEI. Now that 2014 results are in the books, we are updating that disclosure to 3.25% to 3.75% 3-year compound annual growth rate through 2017, off the 2014 base year and reflecting continued refinement of our expectations. For EWC, we have an EBITDA outlook of $650 million to $700 million in 2017. As you know, market prices are volatile. And based on December 31 prices, we would not be in that range. However, based on of our point of view, we continue to believe that we can meet our EWC EBITDA expectations for 2017, although we are at the lower end of those expectations today. Our 2017 outlook for Parent & Other is unchanged as well. Slide 11 provides a view of the contributions to Utility growth by key industries expanding in our service territory. Over the last several months, we've seen steep declines in oil prices and many of you have asked us about the potential impact to our sales growth outlook. There will be some effect on our state economy, particularly on Louisiana and Texas businesses that supports the oil and gas services industry. However, the outlook to our core growth large industrials remains robust. Key growth segments in the chemical sectors are largely unaffected by oil price decline, such as ammonia, chlor-alkali and industrial gases. Primary metals and wood products are also largely unaffected. These industries rely on low energy costs in a growing economy to be successful. Other second order impacts could begin to impinge on petrochemicals, but we've only seen a couple of minor delays to date, and our customers remain committed to completing the multiyear projects they have started. We have seen some pullback in specific sectors like gas-to-liquid facilities, which compete directly with crude based on production or pricing. While we would note that although the gas spreads remain robust, prices are at lower levels with increased volatility, which has caused some of our customers' investment decisions to be delayed. Still, these customers are not key to our growth expectations through 2017. In fact, through 2017, the vast majority of our anticipated new or expanding large industrial customers have passed their final investment decisions, or they are under construction. As Leo said, 2014 was a good year, but it's now in the past and we still have a lot ahead of us. We understand that a lot has changed in the last few months and we know that a lot can happen between now and 2017. However, based on what we know today, we believe that the utility's long-term growth proposition is intact and achievable. We will execute the capital plan and upgrade our infrastructure to better serve our existing as well as our new customers. At EWC, we will manage around the volatility that is inherent in that business and we'll work towards additional clarity on Indian Point, which give us strategic flexibility. And we will continue to focus on safety and operational excellence throughout the company. We know we have new challenges and we are excited about meeting them. And now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Weinstein of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Julien here. So I wanted to just dig in to the guidance a bit further here. Can you expand -- and I know you alluded to it already, but what exactly is driving the tax changes? Can you elaborate here a little bit? And what do you think about a normalized tax rate would be in subsequent years or just, kind of, in a generic year?
Andrew S. Marsh: Julien, this is Drew. That's a good question. The -- if you look back over the last 5 years, we have had an operational effective tax rate in the range of what we're talking about. I think, corporate-wise, it's been about 26%, and at Utility, it's been about 23%. So what we're talking about is not unusual in that regard. And as we look forward, this year -- we'll usually talk about these things. We talk about a portfolio of opportunities and it's still certainly no different now. And we have a portfolio of opportunities that we're looking at in 2015. And by laying it all out this year upfront, we're trying to give you better view of what we expect this year. Beyond 2015, certainly our expectations continue to be that we will look for opportunities because that is one of the largest items on our income statement. But just to make sure that we are all clear about what the underlying business expectations are, we haven't -- we put statutory tax rates in for '16 and -- or our '17 outlook that we rolled forward today. So as far as 2015 goes, like I said, it is a portfolio of opportunities. We have a number of cases that are rolling forward with various tax authorities and it's based on what our expectations are today. Certainly nothing is guaranteed in that because there are ongoing discussions, but that's the best estimate that we have today. It could be higher or lower than that by the end of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just relative to the initial guidance you kind of laid out there at the time of EEI, what exactly changed? If you could elaborate briefly.
Andrew S. Marsh: I think it just has to do with some of our expectations about what's going to transpire, particularly towards the end of the year. And our desire to make sure that our investors were fully informed about what the possibilities could be rather than get surprised, even if it's an upside at the end of the year. We certainly didn't want to land that in your lap as a surprise.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, excellent. And then just cutting back to the other side of the house here, on the EWC front, what are you thinking about sort of -- or what gives you confidence, rather, in still having kind of a long-term bullish perspective? Obviously, you have a view of '17, what are you seeing out there? Is it capacity, is it energy? I mean, could you elaborate a little bit?
Bill Abler: Sure, Julien. This is Bill. A couple of things. In the long run, as we look at gas supply, obviously we're seeing a huge cut back in drilling. So we think that, eventually, that will have an impact, a bullish impact on natural gas prices. As it relates to heat rates, we think that those are also undervalued in the market. As you think about the number of shutdowns, either economic shutdowns or shutdowns due to environmental reasons we remain bullish on heat rates. And we are seeing some positive changes in the capacity markets, such as what we -- what was evidenced recently this week up in New England.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Eggers of Crdit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I just kind of have a look at what you guys did in 2014 and you look at the 2015 at the Utility level, right, if we back out the beneficial tax rate, '14 being pretty close to statutory, '15 being much lower, it looks like your earnings are a lot closer to flat year-on-year. And I know there's always going to be moving parts, but how should we think about earned ROEs this year for '15? And then '16, '17, how you get to your earned ROEs if that tax rate does normalize?
Andrew S. Marsh: I'll take a first crack at this, and then Theo can jump in. And I'll let Theo talk about ROEs. I'll talk about the big drivers for the earnings blocks as -- particularly as we move forward. So I think you're right. In terms of '14 to '15, we're not seeing substantial growth because we don't have a lot of rate actions. But as you look forward, certainly this year, we have some significant investment opportunities. We're talking about like Union Power and those kinds of things that we expect to come on at the end of the year, as well as rate opportunities within Arkansas and Texas. And those are going to be the main drivers. They're going to push us forward to sort of 2016, 2017 time frame. And I'll let Theo talk about the ROEs in particular.
Theodore H. Bunting: Hey, Dan, this is Theo. I mean, I think when you look at '15 ROE, I think you're going to see ROE that's slightly below 10%. Not much different from '14, I think, as you somewhat illuminated on. But I think as you go forward through '16 and you look at the things Drew just mentioned earlier, sales growth, the fact that the Union purchase goes into -- planted into rates in 2000 -- I mean, the spend it goes in the rates in 2016. And also you see some changes relative to some of our O&M level pension cost, I want to mention you'll see those ROEs start to move, as we have said many times at EEI and other venues, in that 10% to 11% range in 2016. As you look at the various operating companies, we see ourselves making constructive progress at Arkansas as it relates to moving towards the allowed ROE as a result of our 2015 plan rate case and other actions in Arkansas. The growth that we see in Louisiana will move our Louisiana utilities. I think when you look at it on a combined basis, you'll see that company at -- within its earnings band range based on 9.95% allowed ROE. And I think as you look to Mississippi, New Orleans, we see those companies also earning at their allowed ROEs when they get into the 2016 timeframe. Texas gets closer. We see growth in Texas as well. And also, we would -- because of the Union acquisition, we'll have a rate case in Texas to move forward with that. And so we'll see some -- likely see some rate change in Texas as well. So all of that, as you look across the jurisdictions, we move closer -- to those that aren't at that point today, they move closer to get to their allowed ROE. And overall, as we've said over the past few months, when you say Utility business, that's in the 10.11% ROE range.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess -- but if you think about kind of next year and beyond, effectively the $0.95 of tax that you have presumably could go away next year. You're thinking of the Texas case, the Arkansas case and putting Union in the rate base should more than compensate for that headwind. Is that the way if we're going to simply balance things out?
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, I think you'll see the rate actions. And again, as well as, I think, we'll see some O&M impacts as well as we go into '16.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I just have one dumb question. If the discount rate stays at the same level as it ended last year, what happens to pension expense beyond 2015? Is it a catch-up year? Or would it stay at these levels, that would be a flat year-on-year comp?
Andrew S. Marsh: No, that's an excellent question. No, It's an actually -- it would go up. So we build our forecast with interest rate increases, as the market tells us, in mind. And we -- mark-to-market, if you will. It's not exactly like a mark-to-market, but it's similar. And so we're anticipating interest rate rises, which would mean lower pension liabilities, which will mean lower pension expense. And so right now we are anticipating, in 2017, a 5% discount rate on our pension liability. And as I mentioned, that 4.27% is where we ended the year. So that would be somewhere in the neighborhood of about $0.20 of earnings -- $0.20, $0.25 of earnings per share impact if we were sort of flat to where we are today versus our expectations for 2017.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the 2015 guidance, you guys mentioned that there's an increase in depreciation and decommissioning for 2015. And you talked about it, I just wondered if you could just review that a little bit in terms of what's driving the increase in depreciation expense and decommissioning at the wholesale business at the nonregulated business.
Andrew S. Marsh: Okay, this is Drew. So I mean, I think it's due to just normal activities. The depreciation is the higher -- the capital investment that we've made at EWC in 2014. And then the decommissioning expense is, as we get closer to the end of these lives, particularly as you shorten up your expectations, the decommissioning expense is going to rise naturally as you go out that direction. So I think it's just the normal expectations based on capital investment and shortening life of the assets.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: With the capital investment that you're making, the actual plant value of the nuclear plant is increasing as the lifespan of the plant is decreasing, is that correct?
Andrew S. Marsh: Certainly, from a GAAP accounting perspective, that you're seeing a large -- you're growing the asset base right now. And it is -- as you are getting to a shorter life expectancy, you are having that greater depreciation, yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And we should expect that to continue going forward?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I mean, like -- last year, I think, or maybe 2 years ago, we did a depreciation study to try and balance it out a little bit so it's less dramatic than it would have been before. But certainly, we -- you will see some of that still going forward, yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to discuss hedging strategy from here. And just given the environment that we're in and your point of view, would you want to be a bit more cautious in terms of hedging in the expectation of improving heat rates, et cetera? Or how do you think about sort of your hedge philosophy at this point?
Bill Abler: Steven, this is Bill. Well, absolutely, we think about that. So given the point of view that we just discussed earlier, as we look into the outer years, we want to be very careful about the products that we use so that we -- not necessarily really interested in a lot of fixed-price products at this point in time. So we look to move more towards structured products that have that asymmetric upside. Obviously, that depends on a lot of things -- counterparties, cost of the products, et cetera. But we are carefully looking at that strategy as we speak, specifically as it relates to 2016 and '17.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just shifting to Indian Point specifically. There is a recent -- I think, it's a state ruling regarding -- just the hearing process around a potential summer shutdowns to protect fish in the Hudson River. Could you give us a sense of just procedurally the process through which that hearing will take place, just so we can try to focus on next steps in understanding that process?
Leo P. Denault: Sure. That ruling just did come out this week. So kind of from a high-level perspective by February 20, Riverkeeper and the staff needs to make some recommendations as it relates to specifically what thinks it would like to recommend in terms of the outages that will go through the normal discovery process. Probably more of us throughout the summer. And then in the fall, we will actually have a hearing on the issues of outages and then hope to get you some initial reply briefs by the end of the year.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of after the reply briefs, what would be the step back after that?
Leo P. Denault: Well, depending on what happens there, then you would work through an appeal process, et cetera. To kind of sum it up, Stephen, we think this process probably goes on for several years before you get any final determination.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Oh, I see. So there could be a decision late in the year or early next year, but then there would be -- there could be various appeals after that?
Leo P. Denault: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One quick question on -- when you gave the sensitivity on interest rates and the discount rate just now, on the pension, I think it was $0.20 impact on 2017 if the discount rate increase did not materialize. Is that a holistic estimate, including your exposure to short-term debt? Or is that just the pension?
Andrew S. Marsh: That was just the pension. And I was trying to do math on the fly, trying to widen my range out a little bit. But I think $0.08 is our rule of thumb on 25 basis points. So $0.20 to $0.25 is probably a better estimate for that. But yes, it doesn't include interest rate offset.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And the second point was I just -- I was curious on your -- I mean, you have the slides with the '17 point of view, but you also have '18, '19 disclosures in Table 7 of the release. Can you share with us what capacity price was embedded in that for the auction that just happened? Is it...
Andrew S. Marsh: Are you talking about -- for ISO New England?
Leo P. Denault: Well, for ISO New England...
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I guess, I think it wasn't updated overnight, but it must have -- might have been your point of view that was in there.
Leo P. Denault: Yes, I think it is our point of view. So you know that the option results for those Pilgrim and RISE came back for the CMA zone at about $11.08 a kW-month for that option.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. So is that what was in your table here?
Leo P. Denault: I think it's fairly close to what we had. I mean, I think we had talked about that. We anticipated it would be net cone [ph].
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk to us a little bit about your plans in Arkansas? You've hinted at times about trying to seek legislative relief. Just trying to think about the timing of trying to do that? And what type of relief or what type of mechanisms you'd like to seek versus the timing and process for a potential full-blown rate case there?
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, Michael, this is Theo. And I guess I'll start with we believe in Arkansas, we started from a common goal with those that are in state, we believe, with commissioners as well as state and local officials, which is really about attracting jobs, supporting economic development growth and regional prosperity in the state. When you think about legislative actions that we've talked about, I think we said this before, the legislature is currently in session now in Arkansas, and any legislative actions would clearly go through the legislative process within the current session. In terms of the different -- what may be a part of that, I think as we said before, we would be looking at mechanisms that would align Arkansas with some mechanisms we see in other jurisdictions across our service area. Things like, for instance, FRP. FRPs may be similar to what we've seen in Mississippi that has various forward-looking elements that recently came out of the Mississippi case. And also, I think, one thing we would look to try and address in Arkansas is really given the commission some criteria other than kind of a simple DCF method to determine ROE. I mean, really, this is really about giving the commissioners some, I'd say, more tools in our toolbox and really giving them various options they can look at again in a different way in Arkansas that would help us, help achieve the common goal that I talked about earlier. So with the legislative session going on, from a timing perspective, I would expect that we'd follow some legislation around this and around these various components in the next few weeks in Arkansas.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So we should probably think that any rate filings wouldn't happen until after the legislation -- legislative session closes? So kind of thinking about a midyear case, that implies a midyear 2016 revenue change.
Theodore H. Bunting: Well, I think if you look -- I mean, as Leo mentioned in his opening comments, that we did provide notice that he would file a case in Arkansas, I believe in 60 to 90 days. So -- and we did that at the end of January. If you count from that point in time, you're sometime in the March, April time frame in terms of filing a case. And given the statutory timelines in Arkansas, that would probably put you with, if I'm doing my math correctly in my head, a rate-effective timeline somewhere at the beginning, potentially, of 2016.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman of MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Leo, you made comments concerning the way the board would look at the dividend in 2016 at EEI. If I take Slide 10 on your 2017 outlook the way I understood those comments at EEI, I should look at the Utility, net income, your outlook, less Parent & Other. And it appears to me, you're probably, by '17, you're getting closer to the payout range you want to be in. Is that a fair assessment that the board -- in the way the board would look at it?
Leo P. Denault: Yes. When we -- I think even when we were talking back at EEI, the view is that we'll start to have the conversation with the Board when we start to look at '16 and '17's results. If you look at -- and you're exactly right. What we are talking about is the payout ratio around Utility combined with Parent & Other, as the dividend paying entity that we would be looking to, excluding EWC, of course, given the volatility associated with that kind of business. But as we start to look at what '16 and '17 hold and what those combined earnings would be, we think that that's where the conversation begins with the board. As we've mentioned, a lot of factors will go into that, in addition to just what those earnings levels are. So for example, the investment profile, what's going to happen in terms of our investments in the Utility in 2016 and '17. And if it make sense to reinvest versus the dividend, raise dividend, because we have the growth path there. So you're right about the metrics. You're -- and like I said, the timing would show up right around as we look at the '16 and '17 earnings profile.
Operator: Our last question is from Andy Levi of Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Just a few questions. I'll keep it to 2, 2.5. Just back on the taxes, I guess the concern I have that it is about $0.90 of earnings power. So if you kind of back that out, '15 actually looks kind of weak. And so I just kind of want to understand your thinking on that and why that is the case? Because if you kind of just put a Utility multiple on it, it's quite a bit of value, 10 to 15x the value in the stock. And then I have a follow-up.
Andrew S. Marsh: Okay, Andy, this is Drew. I think the way we're thinking about it is '15 is sort of a foundation year for the growth opportunity that we have over the next couple of years. And as we look at it, we were really focused on making sure that we put the building blocks in place for making that 2017 aspiration. Taxes are a big piece of what we do every day. And we manage them as well as we can, like every other line item on the income statement. And like I said earlier, it's not out of line with where we have been in terms of an effective tax rate over the last 5 years. So we think this is part of our normal operating procedure. And this year, it's -- there's a couple of lumpy items in there that are helping us get there. But this is part of our expectation and what we expect to do every day when we come to work.
Andrew Levi: I understand that. But again, I'm not going to debate with you, but if you go back to your Regulation G disclosures, your statutory tax rate's 36%. So I'm just trying to look at the true earnings power longer-term of the company. The follow-up I have, this is on Pilgrim. I guess, since big snowstorm, the plant's been out. If you can kind of give us an update there? And if I'm not mistaken, you were supposed to have an outage in 2015 on Pilgrim? And so, whether this unforced outage will help on the scheduled outage that you had or is it just an unfortunate outage? And then in the spring, you'll go into your regular outage? And also the cost of having the plant down during this time of the year?
Bill Abler: Yes, Andy, this is Bill. So to answer question regarding Pilgrim, the plant shutdown due to a Storm Juno, it shut down orderly, safely, without incident on the 27th. We did lose off-site power to the facility. However, all safety systems and backup power systems worked as planned. So we've been working through that, dealing with a number of issues. We expect that plant to start up in the near-term and in the next couple of days, and be back to full load probably sometime this weekend. As it relates to the planned outage, we do have a refueling outage that's scheduled in the spring. That remains unchanged. So we still need to refuel the facility and perform normal maintenance on that facility as we originally planned. So nothing really changes there.
Andrew Levi: And I have one really very quick question. On just EWC, I didn't see any CapEx numbers for '15. Is that something that you guys disclose or you don't give?
Andrew S. Marsh: No. It should be in there, Andy. It's on table -- it's in Appendix B.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And how much is that for '15?
Andrew S. Marsh: $425 million.
Andrew Levi: $425 million. Okay. And so, your operating cash flow at EWC is how much?
Andrew S. Marsh: I don't think we disclosed that specifically.
Operator: I will now like to turn the conference call back over to Paula Waters for closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Shannon. And thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G Compliance statements. As a reminder, we plan to file our annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC around the end of the month. The Form 10-K provides more details and disclosures around our financial statements. Please note that events that occur prior to the date of our 10-K filings that provides additional evidence about conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet will be reflected in our financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (855) 859-2056. Replay code 62430843. The telephone replay will be available until February 12. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Andrew Levi Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the company's SEC filings. Now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Paula, and good morning, everyone. As many of you know, the Annual Edison Electric Institute Financial Conference is just around the corner, so we'll try to keep our comments today relatively brief and save longer-term and more strategic updates for our meetings in Dallas. I'll start with the bottom line. Our plan and strategy remains sound and our progress against that strategy is both measurable and clear. As it often does, progress incurs a cost, and we saw little of this in the third quarter. But in fact, overall performance for the company was squarely in line with expectations. We're pleased to report that the utility posted its fifth straight quarter-over-quarter of industrial sales growth and the second straight quarter over 5%, exceeding our expectations for the year. Our nuclear plants operated well. We had fewer unplanned outage days, posting a 90% capacity factor at EWC. Vermont Yankee entered its final months of operation, and as difficult as that decision was, we are more confident than ever that it was the right one. We also made progress on our rate case in Mississippi, reaching a constructive settlement with the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff, one which aligns customer regulator and state objectives with our own. Let me elaborate a bit on all fronts. As I just mentioned, utility posted quarter-over-quarter industrial sales growth of more than 5%. As you've heard us say many times, this kind of growth isn't by happenstance. At Entergy, we're doing everything we can to drive it. Doing so requires many things but one is having strong working relationships with the people who serve our utility states, certainly our regulators, but also state and local policymakers, economic development officials and our customers themselves. Together, we've been able to find solutions that work for everyone. For example, in Louisiana, this past August, we completed cost recovery for damage caused by Hurricane Isaac. We were pleased that the efficient structure by which we did so allowed us to share the savings with our customers. Cost recovery of Ninemile 6 begins when the unit comes online through a formula rate plan adjustment mechanism, which was part of the Entergy Louisiana rate case settlement approved last year. We are pleased that the plant, which will allow us to better meet the state's growing demand is scheduled to be completed early, before the end of the year, and under budget. Partly as a result of actions like these, we are in a good position to make the kind of investment our states need to support economic growth, even as we keep the cost of power low. The Mississippi rate case is another great example. As I just mentioned, last month, we reached a settlement. It's true that this settlement requires us to forgo recovery of costs associated with the development of a new nuclear option at Grand Gulf. It would also allow Entergy Mississippi to maintain a competitive ROE, better meet anticipated demand and continue to attract capital on reasonable terms. Perhaps, most importantly, by developing the state's transmission infrastructure, we believe it will help Mississippi attract industry and create new high-paying jobs. The MPSC hasn't approved the settlement yet and we don't want to get ahead of either ourselves or the commission, but we think it's reasonable and balanced and hope our commissioners will agree. We expect a decision in December. Driving growth in our service territory also requires operational and financial discipline. So in the third quarter, we saw progress on another important front. In a move designed to attract industry and jobs to the state, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana asked the Louisiana Public Service Commission for permission to become a single utility. Initiatives are different, but as in Mississippi, combining the 2 companies will make it easier for us to make needed investments in Louisiana power infrastructure, MBA-expanded rate options to sustain and propel the state's industrial renaissance. It will, for example, allow us to streamline investment by creating a stronger balance sheet. It will improve our ability to attract capital and it will give us more flexibility. By 2019, the 2 companies expect up to 1,600 megawatts in industrial load growth. Both are already making substantial investments to meet demand and replace aging infrastructure, which, together with other ongoing capital needs, will require more than $5 billion in capital investment in generation, transmission and distribution by then. Our business combination proposal to the LPSC reflects significant input from stakeholders across the states, in particular, our industrial customers. And we are pleased to see positive feedback from the market. As some of you may have seen, on October 10, Moody's issued a report saying this business combination is credit positive, reinforcing our case. Let me give you just a couple of other highlights from the quarter. Entergy Texas filed for nearly $7 million in revenue requirements associated with incremental distribution investment under a rider, becoming the first Texas utility to do so since legislation was passed in 2011. The decision is expected early next year. Some of our biggest customers also made progress. Big River steel in Arkansas completed financing and broke ground in September. Cameron LNG in Louisiana, also had its groundbreaking just last month. And last week, Sasol announced their final investment decision on the $8 billion investment in the Lake Charles Louisiana area. Entergy Wholesale Commodities operational performance was once again strong. As I noted earlier, our plants ran well. For example, the extended outage at Fitzpatrick came in below the shorter end of our expectations. And at VY, our employees have kept the plant running for nearly 670 consecutive days now. Remarkably, they are on their fourth breaker-to-breaker run. And in fact, all of our EWC plants play important roles in their respective regions and communities. Pilgrim provides fuel diversity in a part of the country, where infrastructure constraints are most severe. Without the on-site fuel benefits it provides, New England would be even more vulnerable to price volatility. As I noted a minute ago, Fitzpatrick completed its refueling and maintenance outage, a very complex undertaking, in just 44 days. A great example of what happens when a solid plan comes together with our employees' tremendous dedication. And with respect to Palisades, although it has a PPA through early 2022, it's long-term post-PPA outlook is improving. For example, the MISO region, where it is located, has recently seen 3 gigawatts of coal-fired generation retire and another 5-gigawatts is scheduled to retire in the next few years. So keeping highly reliable sources of baseload power like Palisades online will become even more important. Let me now to Vermont Yankee, since I know a lot of you will have questions about its closure. As you may know, in September, the plant began its coast down to permanent shutdown, which will occur at the end of the year. Last month, as we said we would, Entergy delivered a first-of-its-kind site assessment study to the state of Vermont. While decommissioning costs articulated in the study are higher than earlier estimates, they are more precise, allowing us to develop plans with much more certainty. Under the terms of our agreement with the state of Vermont, we had said we would periodically evaluate the cost of decommissioning, together with the trust, to determine when we would have the resources needed to begin major activities. Using conservative estimates about growth of the trust, we think it will have enough money to begin such activities in the next 25 to 35 years.  At this point, we don't expect to add funds into the trust to meet NRC financial assurance requirements. The decision to close the plant was tough, it came with certain risks and challenges, but we planned to meet and manage these services thoughtfully, which I think we have. For example, we obtained an order from the Vermont Public Service Board authorizing VY to operate through the end of the fourth quarter. We targeted elimination of overhead associated with the plant and we placed the majority of Vermont Yankee employees wanting to stay with the company in new roles. It's worth reiterating that this was the right decision. First, we now see an incremental benefit of shutdown versus continued operation of an additional $50 million through 2017. And second, despite the upturn in forward power prices in New England over the past year, the economics for VY would still not be sustainable in the long run. Forward capacity market improvement through the newly defined constrained zones that spans Southeastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island, is improving the revenue outlook at Pilgrim and RISEC, but VY would not have benefited from this new capacity zone. Indian Point also continues to operate safely and reliably. That plant's importance to the regional electric grid was recently reaffirmed by the New York ISO, which confirmed that, and I quote, "Significant violations of transmission security and resource adequacy criteria would occur in 2016 if the Indian Point plant were to be retired as of that time." As most of you know, the state of New York is currently scheduled to determine Indian Point's compliance with the coastal zone management act or CZMA by year-end. To date, we have submitted thousands of pages of information demonstrating that Indian Point operations are consistent with state coastal policies. There's at least one more environmental impact study the NRC has said it would submit likely late next year. And we think that, that study would be important to complete the record. We also have 2 other paths for resolution to establish that the NRC does not need this consistency determination to issue a renewed license. As we have made clear, we believe that it does not. Regardless of the outcome, we expect appeals to be filed. It is also possible that we will take other procedural steps to support our position. With that said, we don't expect license renewal to be decided any time before 2018. I think we can say with some assurance, that while Entergy may differ with some on the future of Indian Point, we can all agree that what it offers: reliable baseload power, high paying jobs, and stable prices, that these are attributes that benefit Westchester County, New York City and the state of New York, as a whole. And that's why we say that Indian Point is and will remain a critical part of the generation mix of New York and why we are committed to ensuring its continued safe operation. Finally, as we look to winter, infrastructure constraints in the Northeast are expected to continue to challenge the region at least for the foreseeable future. As we've said before, various changes in the structure are required to ensure these markets function properly, not only with respect to reliability, but also, economic and environmental sustainability. Building new capacity is one option, but it can be expensive to build any kind of new energy infrastructure, whether pipelines or wind farms in the North East. This past quarter, Massachusetts stakeholders would choose support for proposal to recover costs for new gas pipeline capacity via a FERC-regulated electric transmission tariff. We believe that recovery for this type of investment is better addressed through competitive markets and market-based signals and mechanisms, as opposed to being subsidized through a transmission tariff. Although forward markets indicate these constraints will be partially addressed in the coming years, it's unclear when or if projects will actually get built. In any case, it will take time. So we expect more of these markets to continue to be premium markets for the foreseeable future, especially during the winter. Before I conclude, I'd like to note that next week, America celebrates Veterans Day in honor of the generations of men and women whose service and sacrificed embody the ideals, upon which, this country was founded nearly 2.5 centuries ago. We live in a world in need of heroes. But at Entergy, we get to work with nearly 2,000 people, who when their country called, they said send me. They work at our nuclear plants and at utility operations, they are line men, engineers and accountants. They sit across the hall or across the table, and we are fortunate to call them colleagues, bosses and mentors. Words may never be enough, but on behalf of this company, to those who served and those who continue to serve and to their families, let me just say thank you. So that concludes the overview of the third quarter. We'll be seeing many of you in a week or so, and I know Drew will expand on this. So I'll just say that at EEI, we plan to address what Entergy is doing to meet the needs of our stakeholders, from adding new capacity at the utility to maximizing value at EWC. Some of you know that I've been in this business for more than 30 years. It's never easy going. But for all of us here, there has never been more an exciting time. So today at Entergy, we can say that our fundamentals are strong, the path forward is clear and most importantly, our long-term value proposition remains intact. Let me now turn the call over to Drew. Drew?
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will review the financial results for the quarter, provide highlights on how we see 2015 shaping up and preview what we'll discuss at the EEI. Starting with Slide 2. Our third quarter results for the current and prior years are shown on as-reported and an operational basis. Operational earnings per share were $1.68 in the third quarter 2014 compared to $2.41 in 2013. Operational results excluded special items from the decision to close Vermont Yankee, HCM implementation and the transmission spin-merge effort last year. Turning to operational results by line of business on Slide 3. Entergy's operational earnings decreased quarter-over-quarter. One key driver was income tax expense, which affected each of the segments. The effective income tax rate was approximately 40% in the third quarter of this year compared to approximately 25% in the comparable period last year. Details underlying the income tax expense variance are discussed in Appendix A of our earnings release. Moving to the segments. At the utility, operational earnings per share were $1.72 in the current period compared to $2.04 in the prior period. Utility net revenue was higher than last year, led by weather-adjusted retail sales growth for the quarter at 2%. Once again, the industrial customer class had the strongest gains at 5.3%. And as Leo noted, this is the fifth quarter in a row for positive industrial growth, which was due largely to expansions in the chemicals, refining and primary metals segments as well as growth from small industrial customers. Substantially, all of the growth occurred in Louisiana and Texas. The quarterly net revenue increase also reflected higher price, resulting of rate actions, a portion of which was offset by other line items. Sales growth was partially offset by a very mild summer, leading to negative $0.11 of weather. Also, OEM was higher quarter-over-quarter. Benefits from our ongoing cost management efforts were offset by nuclear spending to improve operations as well as other items, some of which were offset elsewhere in the income statement. As Leo noted, utility results were also affected by a charge related to the proposed settlement of Entergy Mississippi's general rate case. The charge reduced current period earnings by $0.23 per share. Moving on to EWC, where operational earnings were $0.23 per share and were lower than the $0.46 earned a year ago, primarily driven by income tax benefits in the third quarter of 2013, as well as the depreciation change we have discussed in the past. EWC EBITDA for the quarter summarized on Slide 4, was $165 million, the same as last year. EWC's O&M was lower compared to the same quarter last year, and driven by our cost-management efforts. While the overall net revenue variance was not significant, there were a few important items within that line item. Third quarter results reflected 37 refueling outage days for the Fitzpatrick plant. You may recall that, that outage was originally planned for the fourth quarter. The net revenue effect of the refueling outage was partially offset by an approximately 40% improvement in unplanned outage days quarter-over-quarter and a higher average realized price of the nuclear fleet quarter-over-quarter. Moving on to operating cash flow shown on Slide 5. OCF was around $1.4 billion in the current quarter, up nearly $300 million from 2013. The primary driver was $310 million in securitization proceeds to reimburse Hurricane Isaac costs. Before we move on, Slide 6 highlights our credit metrics compared to a year ago. Let me just take a moment to note that we've seen credit improvements across several metrics, which shows progress in the right direction. I'll now turn to forward-looking information. Today, we affirmed our 2014 operational earnings per guidance of $5.55 to $6.75. Recall that the midpoint was revised upward in April this year by approximately 23% to $6.15 per share from the original guidance midpoint. Current expectations continue to be on track for the -- round the midpoint of our range, but for the unplanned charges associated with the Mississippi settlement. Similarly, as with that charge, expectations for the utility continues to be around the $5 midpoint we discussed in April. Next week, we'll see many of you at the EEI's annual financial conference. In advance of the conference, we surveyed some of you in the investment community to get opinions on where we can enhance our communications. One specific point of feedback was on our practice of pre-releasing earnings. It was clear that most of you do not find this practice useful. Therefore, going forward, we will discontinue it. You also provided feedback on what you wanted to hear at EEI. At the conference, and on Slide 7, we'll be prepared to talk about 2015. As you know, we will issue our official guidance with supporting details on our fourth quarter call. The good news is that our current expectations and the street consensus appeared generally aligned, based on commodity prices, as of September 30 and other factors, which I'll discuss now, with more details to follow next week. For the utility, we expect weather-adjusted sales growth in the range of 3% to 3.5% to be a significant driver. Industrial sales are expected to be the major component, increasing approximately 6%. We don't expect actions to have significant earnings impact. For EWC revenues, the capacity in generation table, the Table 7 in our release, provides details underlying our revenue assumptions. We also provide our current EBITDA estimate, assuming market prices as of September 30 in the accompanying slides. Because New York's Lower Hudson Valley capacity market is illiquid, the table, once again, utilizes point of view pricing for LHV. Next year, the assumed average price is approximately $6 per kW month per LHV. Staying with EWC, the closure of the Vermont Yankee will affect year-on-year results. This year, VY is expected to contribute approximately $55 million to EWC earnings and approximately $165 million to operational adjusted EBITDA. Keep in mind the year-over-year impact as the VY closure goes beyond simply removing 2014 earnings. To this end, EEI materials will include information on line item drivers for VY. Updates on other typical drivers will include interest expense at the utility and depreciation in both businesses, resulting from capital investments. Non-fuel O&M will also be a driver for 2015 and one component is pension expense. We will not know the final pension assumptions, including the discount rate, until early next year. For now, we are assuming a pension and OPEB expense increase of approximately $70 million, which includes updated actuarial and experience studies as well as a discount rate of 4.75%. We also expect our overall and utility effective income tax rates to be in the range of 32% to 34% compared to approximately 37% overall this year. Beyond 2015, we will discuss the longer-term view, and we'll roll forward many of our Analyst Day financial outlooks and aspirations by 1 year. Finally, for content, we'll cover the utilities growth story, which includes robust growth at industrial demand as well as the case for investment opportunities in generation, transmission and potentially natural gas reserves. For EWC, we'll focus on its long-term strategy as well as our efforts to improve clarity for Indian Point. We look forward to seeing you at EEI, where you know, we'll have a lot to talk about. And now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to sort of a follow-up on the EEI PD with the Vermont Yankee decommissioning. How should we think about the ongoing expense item associated with that? Can you give us a little bit more before EEI?
Leo P. Denault: Yes. For the next couple of years, we expect it to be about a negative $0.20 to $0.25. And then after that, it would trail off to about -- excuse me, millions -- sorry, $20 million to $25 million of net income impact, and that trails off to about $12 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm sorry...
Leo P. Denault: There are several ups and downs in there. We'll have the line item drivers for you on a slide at EEI.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, does the change in the Vermont Yankee decommissioning cost, in total, have any impact on what you guys are thinking about with your other plants? And I recall you guys taking some significant tax positions associated with that. Could those change as well as a result of your update updated Vermont Yankee decommissioning study?
Leo P. Denault: I'll answer the second question first. No, it doesn't affect our tax positions. And on the first question, we did learn quite a bit, because we did the detailed study of Vermont Yankee. But it doesn't change our current expectations for funding or expense at either -- or any of our remaining of nuclear facilities.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick question here, as you're thinking about New England and all the latest developments, what's your fundamental view '15 through '17 on the forward curve? Do you think or is it your expectation to continue to use options to leave some upside there?
Leo P. Denault: Yes, Julian, we plan to continue to use the same hedging strategy we have in the past, keeping in mind that there are certain limitations, depending on what the market offers. But -- so we continue to use a number of structured products. Those structured products change -- a number of counter-parties change, but we're still working to maintain that optionality in the book.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then looking at the capacity side of the equation there, obviously, we've seen a few new newbuild or potential newbuild announcements in the last few months. How has that, if at all, changed your expectations or pricing in the subsequent auction? And then, specifically, are you expecting the SEMA region to breakout separately? And do you have a price expectation therein?
Leo P. Denault: Yes. So we have seen more a lot more activity in terms of proposed projects. Our expectations on pricing associated with capacity really hasn't changed. We think that for the rest of pool in England, that's still somewhere around an $11 cone. We do expect ISO New England to put in place the SEMA pricing zone that has -- will hopefully be resolved by the end of this year. As it relates to pricing in that specific zone, where RISE and Pilgrim reside, that will depend on the amount of capacity that's actually bid. I think you're familiar with the rules up there, in terms of limitations on capacity pricing for insufficient offers, that type of thing. But we are somewhat bullish in that area, but it's going to -- the final pricing will depend on the amount of capacity actually bid in FCA 9.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Just to be make sure I heard you correctly, there's a potential for an insufficient capacity in SEMA?
Leo P. Denault: Yes. So with rest of pool, there's a slope demand curve. I don't believe that slope demand curve has been implemented in SEMA, so we would revert back to the insufficient competition, which would go back to net cone.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I had a question on the New England capacity market as well. Obviously, of the winter reliability program, which is kind of a temporary fix, do you see anything progressing, going forward, similar to what PJM is doing with the capacity performance proposal to make sure that there's adequate fuel for the plants in that region or in the winter?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, Neel, I think, we were hopeful to see that actually change for this winter. Frankly, we were disappointed with the fact that they rolled the existing plan forward a year. But I believe, FERC gave made some pretty clear guidance on that issue for the '15, '16 winter timeframe needs to be addressed. So we are hopeful that we see some progress there that we move beyond something such as the oil backup reliability to a more market-based approach, which properly values all resources that have adequate fuel supply.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, at your Analyst Day, you laid out the kind of the lack of pipeline capacity going into New England. Has your view changed with maybe some of the bigger projects that are being proposed out that would come on late 2018, early 2019? Or do think that there's still a long shot for a lot of projects that would actually bring gas into New England?
Leo P. Denault: I don't think our overall point of view has changed. You've got the Spectra Northeast Utilities JV, you've got the Northeast Energy direct. And you have to keep in mind that those have not been subscribed. So we believe that, that could be a challenge, just given overall economics. So we believe, at least in the foreseeable future, nothing is going to change significantly. We'll continue to see a lot of volatility up in those markets. And at this point, those projects that have been proposed are very questionable, from our perspective.
Operator: And we would take our next question from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to discuss transmission growth as you join MISO. I wonder if you could just talk at a high-level. I know this is an evolving situation, but are there certain signposts or upcoming things we should be looking for to get a better sense of what's really going to be required to integrate your system into MISO?
Leo P. Denault: Stephen, I'll start and I'll let Theo kind of jump in with the details. From a transmission standpoint, we've -- and obviously, we'll be giving updated investment opportunities and everything when we get out next week, but we still see, based on our internal business, which is from all reliability projects, projects associated with the industrial growth and demand that we see down here, projects that will be required when we build or acquire new generating capacity and everything, obviously, we've had a significant uptick over the last several years on our transmission investments and we would think that continues. And that is before you get into the idea of what we've got now that we're in MISO. And there's really 2 broad areas where, at least, where we see things, we're already seeing some things that are there because now we've got a bigger footprint and more generating capacity we have access to that we can count on, given the way it's dispatched in MISO, plus, then, there'll be the Order 1,000 issues and then, even things that show up to integrate us with -- or MISO with the region. As far as -- so we do see that there are some opportunities out there that we're already looking at, but more to come on that front. Obviously, some of those are farther out in the picture than near-term investments we have in our own system, which are pretty substantial. And Theo, I don't know if you want to add to that?
Theodore H. Bunting: Well, I mean, yes, I'll add a little bit to that, Leo. I mean, you made a comment in terms of the path about our transmission spending. I mean, if you look back in 2010, we were probably spending somewhere around $280 million or so in transmission. I think if you go forward, we've kind of more than doubled that. So obviously, our level of transmission spending is increasing, as it relates to MISO. MISO does have the study out around their voltage and local reliability and mitigation that could potentially drive transmission investment as well. We've gone through the MTEP process for 2014. There were some projects that were identified within that process. That process will also occur in 2015, and you could see some projects that were proposed in 2014 become part of the 2015 MTEP process as well. But yes, I think one of the major drivers for us may not be so much MISO, but as Leo mentioned, just the transmission associated with the economic development opportunity that we have. If you look at our EGSL, ELL business combination filing and some of the details and how we talk about some of the opportunities that might require transmission investment within the context of that. So while there could be opportunities relative to MISO, I think we see our transmission opportunities somewhat broader than that.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. I wanted to shift gears to Indian Point. Of late, has there been a dialogue between Entergy and the state over approaches that can be taking compromises, et cetera? Or is this playing out primarily in the legal arena?
Leo P. Denault: Stephen, we've had a number of discussions with various representatives of the state, but obviously, we continue to aggressively pursue our legal paths. But I think, that's all I can say at this point in time.
Operator: And we would take our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: You had another really good quarter on the industrial demand side, even relative to probably expectation to spring. How much of that is -- you kind of maybe situational timing, relative to what you would've expected. And at what point in time are you guys going to be in a spot to reconsider that underlying growth trend?
Theodore H. Bunting: Dan, I'm not -- this is Theo. I'm not sure I understand your question in terms of situational. But yes, I think, when we look at where we are, from an industrial growth perspective in the quarter, I think it's coming from where we would somewhat expect it to. It's primarily coming from expansions in the kind of the petrochemical refinery area. And that's what we really expect it to be at this point in time. If you look at one of the slides, I'm not sure exactly which number it is, on the 1,700 megawatts we laid out at Analyst Day, I think in terms of completed and signed projects, we're about 300 megawatts. And so we're really just getting started in that regard. As it relates maybe to the second part of your question, in terms of maybe changing expectations, I think, we, right now, we still feel good about the $3.05 to $3.75 earnings growth through 2016. And while we continue to firm that up in terms of what we see, as it relates to the 1,700 megawatts, obviously, we see movements in, we see movements out. We're still comfortable with that. The question of multiplier effect, the issue of potential energy efficiency impacts on the underlying intrinsic growth, we still think about. But with the puts and takes and ins and outs, I think from our perspective, we're still comfortable with the $3.05 to $3.75 at this point in time.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess, correlated to that is the residential load is -- hasn't been nearly as impactful, right? And when do you guys see -- or do you see the prospects for kind of the multiplier effect starting to show up in numbers, as these projects get done? And what should we be watching from the outside to see more uptake on that side?
Theodore H. Bunting: I don't think we're really seeing the impacts of the multiplier effect at this point. Again, I mean, if you look at the slide, we've only got 300 of 1,700 megawatts that are signed and completed. I think, if you look at, historically, other areas where they've experienced, I wouldn't say this type of industrial growth, because I'm not sure anybody's experienced it in recent history, but some type of industrial growth. Generally, the lag that you see, in terms of multiplier effect, happens maybe within a year, couple of years, 1.5 years after, you really start to see the impact of the industrial growth. So we're not quite there yet, and I think that's still to come. We'll see more signed than completed projects as we move forward into '15 and '16. And so I think you'll start to see the impacts of kind of trickle-down the multiplier effect, more so '15, '16, time frame. But again, we're also going to continue to see impacts of our energy efficiency programs, as those are broad, within our service area.
Operator: And we would take our next question from Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Question, just on -- and thinking about the huge industrial growth. When you're signing contracts up with Cameron or Sasol or these different large customers, are you -- is it mainly a demand fixed payment no matter how much the facility runs? Just thinking about -- we don't know if, one day, these plants, if conditions could change, they may not run much or less. Just how are you kind of locking in the risk of that?
Theodore H. Bunting: This is Theo. I mean, clearly, there is a demand element to most of our larger industrial contracts, and that's probably about as far as I'll go as it relates to that. A lot of those contractual arrangements differ from customer-to-customer. There are rate tariffs that are in effect for some of those service contracts. We also, in some cases, we get facilities charges relative to the particular customer. But clearly, there's kind of a little bit of a demand-based type element to rate structures when you talk about those types of customers.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. As opposed to like a fixed payment?
Theodore H. Bunting: Again, and some of it is just contractually specific to the customer.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, okay. And switching gears, and one thing we started hearing from a couple of companies is some interest in looking at E&P reserves as something to put in rate base, and maybe it's like a hedge for customers relative to gas prices, as they're very low right now. Given that you guys have a pretty heavy gas fleet, is that something you've considered and something that might have interest in?
Theodore H. Bunting: This is Theo, again, Dan. It's something that our regulators have historically looked at ways on a hedge volatility of gas -- I'm sorry, I meant Steve, I'm sorry. I still had Dan Eggers on my mind for some reason. And as a matter of fact, the LPSC has an open docket right now to look at long-term gas hedging opportunities. And one such opportunity might be to invest in gas and ground. And that can provide an economic long-term physical hedge for our customers. So yes, it is something that, historically, we've had discussions with regulators about, and I think, we'll continue to have discussions around.
Operator: We would take our next question from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So I have question about the growth in regulated earnings because I understand that you're going to be providing us updates during the EEI. But I was just wondering this write-down of expenses associated with the new nuclear plant. Does it have any impact on the rate base? And should we have any worries that your former or current growth trajectory for regulated earnings is going to be lowered?
Theodore H. Bunting: I guess Angie, I'll answer the question, in terms of impacts on rate base. The asset that was written off was not in rate base in the Mississippi jurisdiction. So, no, it would not have any impact on our views of rate base going forward. It really wasn't, I think you used the term plant. I wouldn't describe it as a plant. I would really describe it as more of some additional -- some early stage cost associating with permitting and licensing processes as we were looking at new nuclear opportunities in earlier years. So clearly, not a plant that was in service, per se, and not an element of rate base. So we'd not expect it to have an impact on our views of rate base growth.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: The reason I'm asking -- I'm asking because we're missing the slide that you usually have with the earnings growth for the regulated utilities.
Theodore H. Bunting: I'm not sure which slide that is, Angie, but we'll certainly have that for you at EEI.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then my other question, so there's been clearly a movement, a nominal movement in forward power curves. Could you give us, roughly a sense, if we were mark-to-market the EWC's earnings power, how much of a change would we see on these bars that you're showing for '15 and '16 EBITDA for EWC?
Leo P. Denault: Angie, I don't know if I can comment specifically on the dollar value. I think, from our perspective, what we see is that for '15, it's in line with our POV, '16 maybe slightly lower than our POV and that widens as you move further out in the curve. So essentially, I don't think our point of view has changed much from what we provided you earlier in the year.
Operator: And we would take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, tax rate going forward, you talked about the 32% to 34% for 2015. Do you view that as a normal number? Or do you see kind of taxes migrating back towards the higher historical level overtime?
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. So we see it as -- we have -- as we've talked about in the past, we have a portfolio of activities going on with the IRS and at the state levels. And it depends on the timing of audits and things like that. So next year, we see 32% to 34%. Beyond that, I think we are still talking about a statutory tax rates in our guidance and our aspirations and outlooks and those types of things. So that's where we are for now.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And on the regulated side, 2 questions, one with Ninemile. How significant -- what's the best way to think about what that level of rate increase would be? And when is the earliest you could see that actually go into effect?
Theodore H. Bunting: Michael, this is Theo. I don't -- right off the top of head, I don't have specific number, as it relates to revenue requirements around Ninemile. We'll probably have to get that for you later. But clearly, we would expect that any rate change relative to that would go in effect at the time we see the plant coming online.
Leo P. Denault: And I'll just add that we've got lot of AFUDC in the earnings this year, and so you're not going to see a big pickup next year when that plant comes online. It'll be maybe $0.05 or so.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last question, Mississippi, as part of the rate deal and some of the other negotiations with staff in the Public Service Commission, are you moving to more of a forward-looking formula rate plan kind of similar to what one of your large neighbors in the state has? Or is that formula rate plan kind of some kind of hybrid or still historical looking?
Theodore H. Bunting: No, I think -- again, Michael this is Theo, what we have arrived at in agreement in the stipulation is an FRP with what we call forward-looking features, which does allow us to look forward, to some extent, to kind of calculate and set what we would view as revenue requirements associated with the period of time in the future.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And are there any restrictions on when you can next file to get an FRP-related revenue increase?
Theodore H. Bunting: Not certain. I'll have to get back with you on that. I don't -- obviously, we're going to operate within the formula rate plan constructs that have been in place in Mississippi for years. I mean, that's what we would expect. And my recollection is they don't necessarily have specificity as to whether you can get a rate increase. By the same token, that formula rate plan has -- obviously, it goes both ways. You could see rate decreases. So I'll have to verify that. But just off the top of my head, I don't believe there's any specificity in the stipulation around not being able to obtain a rate increase, or on the contrary, not necessarily having an -- experiencing a rate decrease.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And my apologies, one last one, cash levels at the end of the quarter were actually pretty high. I mean, roughly $1 billion, if you just assume short-term investments as well. Is that just a timing issue in terms of time line of CapEx? Or do you have a greater-than-expected cash balance that you can deploy to either the balance sheet or investment opportunities?
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. So it was a little bit elevated. We have a couple of big tax payments coming up, I think that's probably part of it.
Operator: And we would take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just picking up on something you just said, are you saying that you'll -- when you do your guidance, you're going to guide to a normal tax rate, and you were just sort of mentioning the lower tax number? Or is that sort of going to be a part of 2015 number you guide to?
Andrew S. Marsh: No, what I was referring to for 2015, when we provide that guidance on the fourth quarter call, we would expect, at least, as we look at it right now, we'd expect the tax -- the effective tax rate reflecting that to be in the 32% to 34%. As we'd talked about 2016 as an outlook, we've been talking -- we've been using a normalized tax rate for that time frame.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So you're not changing your practice in terms of guidance on that front?
Andrew S. Marsh: Right.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And secondly, so you just give us -- you gave a number of $70 million on pension and you mentioned the updated actuarial, I guess, mortality studies and then the discount rate. How much of the $70 million, if you can say, has to do with the new actuarial study?
Andrew S. Marsh: Off the top -- it's probably -- I can't remember the exact number, but it's around half, I think. I mean, roughly half. We usually give a rule of thumb around interest rates and if you're trying to get to that $70 million increase off of our expectations for pension expense this year, you're not going to make it. And that's why we're talking about that piece.
Operator: And we would take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm all good. My questions have been answered.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We would take our next question from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I'm looking, I guess at your Slide 24, which is the EWC EBITDA outlook, and it's very close or right on top of the numbers, I think, that you provided on the second quarter conference call. But at the time of your second quarter conference call, when you were talking about LHV capacity prices, you were sort of showing a flattish outlook going into the fall. This time, you're showing a fairly significant decrement. Is there something to offset the decrement that we should be assuming that are keeping sort of these numbers equal to where they were on the second quarter conference call? And if so, what would that offset be?
Andrew S. Marsh: I think we'll have to get back to you. I don't have that -- honestly, I don't have been that in my head, Paul, in terms of what that reconciliation would be, but we can follow up with you on that.
Operator: And we would take our next question from Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisers.
Andrew Levi: Just 2 clarifying questions. Just on Vermont Yankee on the $25 million. So that we should consider operating earnings?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, yes, we're going to call that operational earnings next year. There will be some special items associated with Vermont Yankee next year and that related to the decommissioning activities themselves, but it will be a small amount, and we'll highlight it. But on an ongoing basis, we will be living with the decommissioned facility. And so we're going switch that to operational.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then, also, around Vermont Yankee, you mentioned, I guess, in prepared -- I don't know if it's prepared statements, but you said that at this point, I think, you didn't expect any escalation in prices. And I just want to understand what that meant.
Andrew S. Marsh: Escalation of contributions to the trust fund, is that what you're referring to or...?
Andrew Levi: Exactly. And what's the definition of -- at this point, meaning, is that at this point, the next 10 years ago or at this point...?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, as we look at where we sit with the trust and the expenses and our financing strategy associated with all of that, we believe that we won't need to contribute anything to the trust. But that is -- we have to still submit, here at the end of the year, our post shutdown decommissioning activities report to the NRC and then they have to sign off on it. So as we look at it, today, we think that we're going to be just fine. But we still have to go through that process.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And one last question. Just on the pensions, on the $70 million. And I would, I guess, put the $25 million on Vermont Yankee on that, too. When you did your Analyst Day earlier in the year, were these expenses contemplated when you kind of talked about your longer-term outlook?
Andrew S. Marsh: I think the Vermont Yankee mostly was and some of the pension piece was. But interest rates have fallen further since then. And so I think the pension expense is probably up a bit since then.
Operator: We would take our final question from Mr. Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just one question. Is the -- will the economic development pipeline slide, that's cumulative through '16? Will you rolled that forward next year -- or next week?
Andrew S. Marsh: You're talking about the 1,700 megawatts slide?
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right.
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, so we've been looking at that particular slide. We've gotten a lot of questions about how to actually make that more useful. And so we're rethinking it. We're not going to update it right now and roll it forward another year because we haven't completed -- it's a '13 to '16 view, and so we want get through '14 before we roll it forward. But we're still trying to figure out how we want to use that slide, if at all, or if in a different format going forward.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Waters, I would like to turn the call back over to you for additional or closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Alan, and thanks to all, for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for safe harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. The call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 6761108. The telephone replay will be available through 1:00 p.m. Central Time on Tuesday, November 11. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Bill Mohl - Roderick K. West - Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Presentation:
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] In today's call, management will make certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is included in the company's SEC filings. Now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Paula, and good morning, everyone. As many of you know, at Entergy, delivering safe, secure, reliable power underpins everything we do. Our work is especially exciting during periods of growth. No one wants to hinder economic development or job creation and everyone wants to be part of a brighter, more prosperous future. I'm pleased to say that in the second quarter of 2014, this focus allowed us to deliver our commitments to all 4 of our stakeholders: our owners, customers, employees and the communities we serve. Weather aside, results in the second quarter were largely consistent with our expectations and I suspect, with yours. The state of Entergy's business is strong. At Utility, we saw strong industrial sales growth. All of our operating companies improved by several points in the annual J.D. Power residential customer satisfaction survey. River Bend earned an excellence rating for its operations, joining Indian Point, which earned the same rating in the first quarter. At EWC, the nuclear fleet delivered fewer outage days, allowing us to provide extended periods of uninterrupted power to the market. This kind of excellence, which we see from our plants to our corporate operations, is driven by the determination and dedication of Entergy employees, and I'd like to take a minute here to acknowledge that hard work and to say thank you. Many of you on this call heard us present our growth objectives in Analyst Day on June 5. We continue to see a path to achieving each of these, including the consolidated earnings per share compound annual growth rate of 2% to 4% through 2016, which is based on our point of view of market prices. In the second quarter, we continued to position the company for this growth. Let me address how we did so, beginning with the Utility. The big story for us at the Utility continues to be the economic growth in our service area, and all of us at Entergy are doing our part to both drive and leverage this growth. As I mentioned earlier, industrial sales increased quarter-over-quarter, resulting in a growth rate of more than 5%, which included expansions. At Analyst Day, we said that we believe the opportunity of 1,700 megawatts through 2016. At the end of the second quarter, we had completed negotiations of approximately 1,200 megawatts. This includes about 100 megawatts signed since June. We expect to see this trajectory continue through the end of the year and well into decade's end. We anticipate that meeting this growing demand will require significant capital needs over and above current levels, but it will also require a focus on 4 areas: First, as I said earlier, safe, secure and reliable power; second, an efficient operations responsive to customer needs; third, financial strength and stability; and fourth, regulatory frameworks that allow us to expand the system to meet anticipated demand. Starting with the first item on the list, we continue to invest in our infrastructure to ensure that we are able to safely deliver power to all of our customers, even in difficult circumstances. As we've said before, we'll be deploying nearly $6 billion through 2016 on generation, transmission and distribution systems throughout Utility. We intend to make this investment while keeping electricity affordable. As many of you know, historically, Entergy's rates have been about 20% below the national average, and these low rates benefit our industrial customers just as much as families and the communities we serve. Moving to item 2 on the list. We continue to look for ways to become a nimbler, more efficient organization. This was the impetus behind the company-wide restructuring we announced last year, which, by 2016, will have removed $200 million to $250 million in costs company-wide. We're also working hard on all fronts to support load growth in utility infrastructure needs. For example, as part of that restructuring, we created a new department whose sole mission is to manage capital projects to ensure that they are planned, implemented and finished in a timely and efficient manner. We're expanding resources for functions central to our strategy of economic development and nuclear oversight. We're also streamlining back-office functions. Partly as a result of this reinvigorated focus, our plans at the Utility remain on track as are efforts to make our business even more reliable, effective and efficient. For example, in May, to ensure reliable affordable power, as well as to respond to the state's evolving generation landscape, Entergy Arkansas issued an RFP for 200 to 600 megawatts of long-term resources beginning in 2017. No self-build options are being considered and selections are targeted for November. In July, we issued an RFP for 650 to 1,000 megawatts beginning in 2020 in the Amite South planning region in Southeast Louisiana. As part of the RFP, we will be testing a self-build option at our existing Little Gypsy site. Proposals are targeted for November. You may remember that a few years ago, the 550-megawatt Ninemile 6 plant was selected through a similar process. Barring unforeseen circumstances, this, the first new combined cycle natural gas fired plant to be built by the Utility, should be completed by the end of the year. We want to be in a position to replicate this success and are working to ensure that we will be. In transmission, we're in the process of evaluating potential projects to help us connect new industrial customers, expand our capacity to serve the load and enhance the economics of providing safe, secure, reliable power. We're also working to finalize our annual long-term transmission reliability plan for submission to MISO. Moving to the third area. Financial strength gives us the flexibility to expand our system, to meet step-out industrial growth. For example, last month, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed a study that included a preliminary analysis of combining the 2 companies. As we expected, the study showed that a larger company would improve the financial flexibility of the Louisiana companies and help finance investment required to serve new industrial customers. For our regulators, a combined company would save millions of dollars in administrative costs. The added geographic and customer diversity of a consolidated company will also help it withstand storms and sector-specific economic downturns. This leads me to the fourth area of focus, regulatory frameworks. For some time now, we have been working with our regulators to find ways to streamline processes and identify new regulatory mechanisms that benefit current and potential customers, as well as Entergy. Two examples of these would be riders and certification mechanisms that our regulators have had in place for many years and regulatory tools used at other utilities like forward test years. We are pleased to say that the second quarter saw progress on this front. In June, for the first time in 12 years, Entergy Mississippi filed a general rate case. This multifaceted plan is designed to position our Mississippi service territory for economic growth and development by improving reliability, modernizing the grid, stabilizing rates and implementing new technologies. From a rate-making perspective, Entergy Mississippi has proposed revisions to the formula rate plan to use a forward test year, which will help bring transmission service to some of Mississippi's most attractive industrial sites. EMI has also proposed several rate incentives for industries and small businesses, all of which are designed to support job creation. All these items, safe, reliable power, operational efficiency, financial strength and regulatory frameworks are just some examples of how we are executing our plan to support economic growth across our 4-state Utility service territory. Turning now to EWC. As I mentioned earlier, our financial results for the quarter reflects strong operational performance, as well as higher power prices. As you know, our strategy is to preserve the optionality and manage the risk in this commodity-based business. As we saw again, commodity prices are volatile. Overall, from March 31 through June 30, average 2015 and 2016 forward prices for New York Zone G and New England's Mass Hub increased an average of $3.81 per megawatt hour, peaking on June 3. Since June 30, prices for those 2 years are off by 9%. While short-term power and natural gas markets have not been constructed due to recent production gains and mild summer weather, long-term market fundamentals, as discussed in Analyst Day, remain sound. In addition to a robust long-term demand picture for natural gas, starting next year, we see a wave of older coal unit retirements, coupled with higher pricing for CO2 under the Northeast regional pact, continued power volatility during constrained periods, long-term load recovery and the potential for lower-than-expected energy efficiency gains. All of these factors will likely lift power prices to higher levels than indicated by current forwards in 2016 and beyond. For these reasons, among others, we remain both resolute and optimistic about the future. On the capacity side, ISO New England is implementing a downward sloping demand curve in next February's auction for the 2018 to 2019 capability period. This will help provide appropriate incentives to ensure that existing economic capacity continues to operate and that new capacity is constructed to ensure reliability. With respect to Indian Point, in June, the New York ISO released a draft of its biannual reliability needs assessment. For the fourth report in a row, the ISO found that Indian Point is critical to maintaining the reliability of the grid in New York and that its closure would cause transmission problems and worsen existing risk of outages beyond acceptable levels. It should be no surprise to anyone that for a variety of reasons, Indian Point is and will remain a critical part of the generation mix of New York, and we are committed to ensuring its continued safe operation. I'm now going to turn to some significant developments on the environmental front. The past 3 months have seen a lot of activity on issues ranging from air to water quality. In April, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's cross-state air pollution rules, which were introduced in 2011. In May, after several delays, the EPA issued the final 316b cooling water intake regulation revisions. And in June, the agency released the proposed rule on carbon emissions from existing units. The Casper in 316b rules will have some effect in our operations. And while we are still studying the specifics, we believe them to be manageable. I know that the proposed rule on carbon has been getting a lot of attention, so let me spend a little bit of time on that. As you know, Entergy's overall fleet, both Utility and EWC, is one of the cleanest in the nation. In fact, our fleet exceeds EPA guidelines for new build power plants, which mandate that new natural gas plants emit no more than 1,000 pounds of carbon dioxide per megawatt hour. Today, Entergy's fleet emits about 580 pounds per megawatt hour, driven largely by the prevalence of nuclear power, clear evidence that carbon reduction goals cannot be met without maintaining the nation's nuclear generation capacity. The proposed rule governs emission state-by-state and, for this reason, is arguably the most complex regulation EPA has proposed in recent history. We continue to study it and its potential implications, and we've continued to have productive discussions with EPA staff. However, our concern is that the implementation of the rule, that is its impact, would not match the agency's stated objectives. So at this point, we have more questions than answers, and I think it's fair to say this is a point that is shared across the industry. The public comment period on the proposed rule closes October 16. By that time, we expect to have a crystallized point of view. We plan to present that perspective to the EPA, as well as our stakeholders, including those of you on this call, so stay tuned. In closing, I want to reiterate that we believe the future of our business is strong. Our plans are structured to facilitate growth at our Utility and to take advantage of the optionality inherent in our nuclear fleet. At Analyst Day, we detailed our near-term objectives, what we believe we can achieve financially and operationally to help grow our economies, support job creation, help maintain and improve the environment and enhance and replace the infrastructure to improve reliability. There are a number of building blocks to this vision, some we control, some we do not. So it's worth noting that our business is, by nature, volatile in the short term. However, this short-term volatility should not and does not change our confidence in the long-term fundamentals. The classic example is the recent steep drop in natural gas prices, driven mainly by weather. This has not changed our longer-term bullish views. As such, we continue to see a line of sight to our 3-year Entergy EPS growth outlook. Other factors affecting our business include the timing of complex industrial projects, evolving policy landscapes in our states, as well as in Washington, and of course, the weather. Again, the fundamentals are strong, even with this uncertainty. At Utility, with respect to industrial projects that support growth, some will move more quickly than anticipated and some may be delayed. For example, Big River Steel got its financing and permitting this past quarter and is moving ahead. We had originally anticipated Big River to be completed in 2015, now it looks like it will be 2016. At EWC, rising demand for natural gas and shrinking reserve margins, combined with infrastructure constraints and the region's growing need for environmentally and economically sustainable, reliable power, point to higher value for EWC nuclear portfolio. Despite such uncertainty, we know the shale revolution will continue for far into the foreseeable future to drive competitive U.S. natural gas prices and liquid prices relative to the rest of the world. So we can be confident, as indeed we are, that whatever the particulars in our service territory is, the stage is set for significant economic growth. And as I said a number of times already, we're doing everything we can to make that growth happen. So today, as it has been for more than a century, Entergy's business is a long-term play. Over the years, we have prided ourselves on delivering strong value for our stakeholders, including a long history of dividend payments and growth to our owners. Results in the second quarter are further evidence of this and the progress we've made on many fronts over the past 18 months. But I also want to say that we are committed to ensuring that short-term volatility does not compromise the long-term health of the business or that of our stakeholders. A lot of the initiatives we undertook during the second quarter are also a good demonstration of that. With that, I'll turn the call over to Drew, who will review our financial performance for the quarter and update you on our 3-year outlook.
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will review the financial results for the quarter, as well as our forward-looking outlook. Starting with Slide 2. Our second quarter results for the current and prior years are shown on an as reported and on operational bases. Operational earnings per share were $1.11 in the second quarter of 2014 compared to $1.01 in 2013. Operational results excluded special items from the decision to close Vermont Yankee, HCM implementation and the transmission spin-merge effort last year. Turning to operational results on Slide 3. Entergy's operational earnings increased, driven primarily by higher earnings at EWC. Parent & Other earnings were flat and at Utility, operational earnings per share were $1.17, $0.01 lower than a year ago. There are a few key offsetting drivers. For the quarter, Utility net revenue was a positive driver. Retail sales growth for the quarter was 2.1% or 2.6% on a weather-adjusted basis. Industrial customer class had the strongest gains of 5.3%. Industrial growth was broad-based across multiple segments, led by refining chemicals and small industrials and aided by several expansions. Increases within ETIs and EGSL service areas drove industrial growth. Sales growth was offset by the effects of weather, including milder-than-normal weather in this quarter's unbilled period. The quarterly net revenue increase also reflected higher price resulting from rate actions. A portion of the price increase was offset by other line items. Despite the spending increases offset in net revenue, nonfuel O&M was favorable quarter-over-quarter, reflecting our cost management efforts. Improvements from net revenue and O&M were offset by higher depreciation expense and higher effective income tax rate. Now moving on to EWC. EWC's operational earnings per share of $0.18 was higher than the $0.07 earned a year ago. EWC EBITDA for the quarter, summarized on Slide 4, was $84 million higher than last year. The increase is due to higher net revenue from improved sales volume, following continued operational improvement in our merchant nuclear fleet. This is illustrated by a stellar 95% nuclear fleet capacity factor for the quarter versus 82% in 2013. Unplanned outage days were dramatically reduced by 37 days, and there were no refueling outage days in the second quarter of this year. The average realized price for EWC's nuclear fleet also improved to just under $50 per megawatt hour compared to $46.40 a year ago or about 7% higher. The price increase was largely due to capacity prices while energy prices were relatively flat. Now moving on to operating cash flow shown on Slide 5. OCF was $761 million in the current quarter, up $189 million from 2013. Higher net revenue from EWC was the largest driver. I'll now turn to forward-looking information. In today's release, we affirmed our 2014 operational earnings per share guidance range of $5.55 to $6.75. Based on the result through the second quarter and June 30 forward prices, our current expectations point to just below the midpoint of the range, due largely to mild weather in the second quarter. As we think about the remainder of 2014, there are a few things we're paying close attention to. For EWC, we have seen market forwards for the balance of the year come down since June 30. There are also open regulatory proceedings that could see resolution this year at Utility. For example, the Waterford 3 steam generator prudence review is currently in process. On the call last quarter, we also discussed the expectations for incremental opportunistic 2014 O&M spending aimed at accelerating projects, improving top line growth and improving operational performance and reliability to benefit customers. Identified opportunities have fallen more into the improvement categories, but are generally consistent with the amounts outlined last quarter. EWC spending is a little lower than discussed last quarter, while Utility spending is a little higher. Now let's turn to 2015. For the past several years on this call, we provided a few thoughts for prompt year earnings. Following that practice, Slide 6 summarizes considerations for next year. The issues are probably what most of you expect. A few things of note. At the Utility, drivers include a full year of rate actions in 2014, including ELL's $10 million rate increase in December of this year and potential rate actions in 2015, including the EMI rate case, which is in progress. Also, recall that last quarter we noted that some of our Utility tax benefits originally expected in 2014 are now more likely to fall into 2015. And at EWC, note that the EBITDA expectation includes the full year benefit of DOE waste fees set at 0. At our Analyst Day, we also provided 3-year long-term outlooks for the Utility business net income, EWC operational adjusted EBITDA and consolidated earnings per share growth. As Leo indicated earlier, the precise building blocks or how we achieve those outlooks are likely to change due to the nature of our business. Utility outlook is to achieve $1 billion to $1.50 billion of operational net income by 2016. The unique industrial growth opportunity is the cornerstone in Utility's earnings outlook. They [ph] continue to develop new leverage to grow the top line and make productive investments beyond the discussions at the Analyst Day to ensure we meet those expectations. At EWC, operational adjusted EBITDA estimates that we provide in our webcast in the Appendix material are based on market prices as of a certain point in time. 2016 prices from our Analyst Day were consistent with both our point of view and April 30 forwards, but we're about 4% higher than market prices as of June 30. This has led to lower June 30 mark-to-market EBITDA around the bottom of our stated point of view range for 2016. Our point of view development is an evergreen process. Our point of view evaluates longer-term fundamentals that's not as volatility as day-to-day market prices. Despite some near-term gas market headwinds, we still expect to see natural gas demand pick up over the next 5 years and drive marginal natural gas drilling towards slightly higher-priced dry gas areas. Meanwhile, we continue to see tightening reserve margins in key Northeast power markets. With these considerations, we reasonably believe that we can meet our consolidated 2016 growth target, even with volatility and the underlying earnings drivers. Our Analyst Day in June is barely in the rearview mirror. We laid out then and reinforce today how we intend to create sustainable value for our 4 key stakeholders: our owners, customers, employees and communities. And while the building blocks will evolve over time, we still intend to achieve the overarching goals that we communicated at our Analyst Day as we look to aggressively grow the Utility and actively preserve the optionality and manage the risk at EWC. And now the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Dan Eggers at Crdit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just following up on the point of view conversation, which is obviously getting a lot of attention. If the point of view was consistent with where prices were earlier in the second quarter, can you talk about the lack of additional hedging that happened from the first quarter to the second quarter and how you guys are going to kind of approach the hedging strategy over the remainder of the year?
Bill Mohl: Sure. Dan, this is Bill. A couple of things. As we look at what's happened in the short term -- shorter-term market, as mentioned, we've seen moderate weather increasing storage, obviously, the front end of the curve has dropped down. However, when you look at 2015, we are still -- our point of view is consistent with the market. And in fact, in the second quarter, we executed about 750 megawatts of hedges or converting placeholder hedges into more fixed-price hedges, which represents about 17% of the portfolio. So at this point in time, we believe we have got 2015 adequately hedged. As you look out into the future, '16 and beyond, our point of view is largely unchanged. Perhaps, 2016 was reduced a little bit from a point of view perspective. But remember that, as we talk about the ability to hedge, there's a couple of things to consider. One is -- and primarily is the liquidity out in the marketplace. So as we look at hedging '16 to '18, we're seeing a much less liquidity than we do for 2015. Obviously, our point of view is higher than current market prices and increasingly higher as you go further out on the curve, really due to the drivers, both from a heat rate perspective, heat rates being compressed, and our point of view on demand for natural gas. So we remain bullish on natural gas because of addition of gas generation, shutdown of coal units, incremental industrial load, additional exports to Mexico and LNG expansion. So really, the challenge we face '16 to '18 is just a lack of liquidity and the fact that our point of view was substantially higher. The other piece of that is, if you remember, I think we were pretty clear at Analyst Day, volatility in the markets has been substantial since the polar vortex. Therefore, making structured products, options, et cetera, much more costly and really, we don't believe now is the time to put those hedges on.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, Leo, there seem to be a couple of Utility properties for sale in the region. Can you just remind us how you guys think about M&A and how that prioritizes against the CapEx program you guys have internally?
Leo P. Denault: Sure, Dan. The whole M&A question for us has not changed in terms of how we think about it. We have our objectives as a company that we're trying to meet in terms of growing the business. And if we can do transactions that will facilitate that objective, we will do them. So something with a growth opportunity, something with a balance sheet opportunity, something with a cash flow opportunity, things like that. The capital decision that you're talking about, for us, is probably a little bit unique in that we have significant amount of growth opportunities that reside within the Utility itself, the organic kind of growth. So that just, I guess, would tend to potentially make the bar higher if we were looking to deploy capital, deploy balance sheet towards something. It would have to be a superior way to grow the business than the objectives or the opportunities that we have within the business itself. And again, as we've talked about a lot of times, the size of the customers that we look to add, that 1,700-megawatts is between now and kind of the foreseeable future. But as long as oil to gas ratio stays where it is, as long as the opportunities remain out there from a manufacturing standpoint, we -- that was just a point-in-time estimate. We go out beyond that. We would continue to see that growth opportunity. So nothing's changed. If you think about our objectives, growing the Utility business and preserving the optionality within EWC, if we can help manage that with a transaction, we'll do it. But the thing we have to be mindful of is the capital deployment opportunities we have within the business as well.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Julien here, actually. Excellent. So first question on the EWC side, if you could comment. With regards to what's going on in New York, not just the highway but the REV, how do you see that impacting the future of Indian Point? And perhaps, more broadly, what are your latest thoughts on the Lower Hudson Valley pricing and sustainability as a construct, if you could comment?
Bill Mohl: Sure, this is Bill. As it relates to our point of view on New York, if you look at where they stand, obviously, they're in a situation where they've got declining reserve margins. In fact, as Leo mentioned, if you look at their projections as they go into the future, they really need Indian Point. In fact, if they try to pull Indian Point out of the portfolio, even with some of the resource additions proposed, they violate reliability limits. So we believe that projects or policies such as REV are certainly something that can be implemented over time, but it will take a substantial amount of time to implement those. And if you look at a lot of the proposed projects in New York and the timing associated with those projects, you really have to question the viability of those projects and if they can meet the actual commercial operations date. So our point of view is that Indian Point remains critical for reliability, economic sustainability and also environmental sustainability. As it relates to Lower Hudson Valley zone, we feel confident that FERC will uphold its decision on that zone. Prices can change in that zone as resources are added. As we look out into the future, we include some of that in our forecast. Obviously, Danskammer is on the front burner right now, and so we're watching that very closely. Our point of view on that is that maybe part of that unit may become commercially viable within a reasonable period of time. The rest of that unit may take longer as it relates to the larger units at that facility. But we -- in general, we believe that the pricing associated with LHV will be maintained and that FERC will uphold its prior decisions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. And could you just clarify a little bit on the last question, when it comes to your 2% to 4% range in the context of the latest commodities? Can you clarify, do you see any improvement on the regulated side to offset the commodity? Or are you effectively saying, status quo, we're moving forward on the plan on the regulated side and we have a view on the commodity that is different than the commodity is today?
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. It's more of the latter, Julien. It's -- the Utility, we continue to look for ways that we can look for levers that can help us maintain the $1 billion to $1.50 billion and if the opportunity is available, maybe go above that. But right now, what we're talking about is -- at the Utility, is the $1 billion to $1.50 billion. And then our point of view is the part at EWC that gets us back to the 2% to 4%.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kit Konolige of BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to ask a little bit about your mention, Leo, of the carbon rule. I noted that you said that the implementation may not match the EPA's objectives, if I can quote or misquote you. But can you give us a little more detail on what you think the development of that situation might look like?
Leo P. Denault: Sure. Rod will handle that.
Roderick K. West: Behind the comment is the observation. We're not going to make a formal statement beyond it. It's the observation that the state-by-state limits that have been -- or at least are evident in the EPA proposed rule -- remember, it is just a proposal -- suggest to us that we're not going to -- it's not going to be an easy path to achieve across-the-board emissions if we're just limited to a state-by-state approach. Our fear is that the marginal cost of compliance across the board is ultimately going to wind up working against EPA's objectives to reduce carbon and have a greater impact on, for instance, jobs, the cost of electricity for customers. Here where we see the chaos creating problems for EPA's objectives. If we aren't able, between now and October, to arrive at, let's just call it a consensus position for EPA, given the industry, given their respective states, we're going to put -- we're going to force EPA to wind up having to go a square against Congress and as a forcing mechanism to try and get at a comprehensive energy plan. We don't see that as being realistic within EPA's time line. And what we're trying to figure out between now and October is whether or not there's a path that allows us to get there. And so we're taking a very cautious approach but recognizing the complexity of this rule alone. It's just making it really difficult for us to see a path where EPA is actually achieving these stated goals of achieving though its 4, what we call, building blocks to achieving any realistically -- achievable, enforceable rules at the end of the day. And Entergy has been at the forefront of the greenhouse gas reductions from 2012. And just from our limited perspective, given where we are today, we really don't see how, beyond EPA's stated goals, how they get there from here. It's just -- we're trying to remain optimistic. We're trying to remain engaged with the EPA and figuring out whether the rule can be modified between now and October. But it's just -- we're having a hard time finding a reason to be optimistic that this ultimately works for us.
Leo P. Denault: Kit, if I could just add, there's a -- as Rod said, there's stated objectives about the reduction, stated objectives about the flexibility, stated objectives about types of technology and everything and then there's a lot of math behind the rule, and we're not sure that the math and the stated objectives all mesh up as well. But as he said, proposed rule, through constructive dialog, through those sorts of things, maybe we get there. But it's just -- it's kind of drawing that line, as Rod said, between all those objectives, the complexity of the state-by-state issue and then the math that goes behind it that might not support it. But we're -- it's still early in the process.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. And then to follow-on on one particular state, New York, has there been any indication that the folks who matter in New York, say, at the Governor's Office or other high-ranking officials, that the possibility of the carbon implementation has changed their thinking at all or led them to reassess how they think about Indian Point?
Bill Mohl: This is Bill. I would say at this point we have not seen any -- we haven't had any significant dialogue associated with that. We've had some conversations with the PSC, but I think, like us, everybody is still in the process of trying to evaluate this and understand how it practically gets implemented. So it wouldn't be fair to say we've seen a change in their position at this point in time.
Operator: And we'll move next to Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Leo, I know you guys have been a point of view company from as far as I can ever remember, but I don't recall kind of initially having the point of view as part of the guidance. So just when we're thinking about future quarters and periods, how are you going to be updating the point of view, so to speak, just so we -- I'm sure you're updating it somewhat all the time, but just as more of like an annual thing, quarterly thing, how should we think about that?
Leo P. Denault: Well, I'd say that in continuing with the past practice, we are not putting our point of view in guidance. In continuing with other -- with past practices, where we've got it overarching in our decision-making process and in our outlook. So when we look at guidance with the exception of the fact that I think last year, when we are given -- we had to put something in on Lower Hudson Valley and there was no market, and so we -- we're clear about imputing that. Our guidance is inclusive of market, not our point of view. Our outlook of what we think is achievable and where we'll be, that's based on what we think is going to happen. And in a lot of situations, that includes an assumption about the price power, and that's where we put our point of view in where we think we'll be at that point in time. But this -- we would distinguish that different from guidance, and that's I don't different than our past practices. As far as how often we'll update that, obviously, we're going to continue to give you a perspective around where we think we're going to get by 2016, et cetera. But that we'll probably just do on a quarterly basis and if we're not -- while we update our book every day, we don't run all the way through all the financial models everyday all the time. Hope that helps.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Yes. And just one other question on the 2015 earnings consideration slide. I think all of these were basically things that were in the outlook you gave at the Analyst Day. Is that correct? There's -- none of these are really new.
Andrew S. Marsh: No. I don't think any of these are new, Steve.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And your highlight to pension discount rate a couple of times. Is that just because that's been a volatility item historically?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I mean, as you know, it gets set at the end of each year, based on interest rates at that particular point in time, and so it is uncertain as to what it'll actually become until you get to that point. The interest rates have been trending down most of the year, so there is some risk to that, that -- and I know you all are aware of that. But I want to just -- that's just part of the list. We want to make sure that you're thinking about all the drivers that we're thinking about.
Operator: We'll move next to Jonathan Arnold at Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick one on there's been obviously a filing made at the New York PSC around some kind of a contract support for another upstate nuclear plant. Any -- would you like -- could you comment on that just conceptually and any sort of likelihood or interest in a similar arrangement or request for FitzPatrick?
Bill Mohl: Sure. Jonathan, this is Bill. Yes, we're well aware of the filing that's been made regarding that facility. Our understanding at this point in time is that is for to meet a short-term reliability need. As it relates to FitzPatrick, we always consider those types of options. But in general, we continue to try to advocate for improved market structures. Our general thought is that the -- if we have the right market structure which values the attributes of specific generators, obviously, with nuclear its base load carbon-free generation with on-site fuel, that is a much better long-term solution. However, if there are opportunities to enter into other agreements based on certain other needs on the system, such as reliability, we certainly are open to that, but nothing on the table right now.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you have M&As that these are -- could there be a similar reliability issue to the, I guess, it's the Rochester one up around FitzPatrick's location? Or less likely in that case?
Bill Mohl: Probably unlikely.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I guess, just back to the point of view, could you give us what you think the reason is that the market is mispricing or is not accurately forecasting the issues that you see coming up in terms of reserve margin, et cetera?
Bill Mohl: Sure. I mean, the couple of things you have to remember that I think are constants in what we've talked about for a number of years as is relates to point of view and the forward market is number one is, as you look at the forward power markets, you got to remember that there's a lot more sellers than there are buyers as it relates to long-dated transactions. And so while we see very good liquidity in the front end of the curve so, obviously, for the prompt months and for the next year, as you get beyond that, you have a lot less natural buyers. As a result of that, probably one of the key drivers in the lower market prices is lower heat rates. And that's just kind of the situation that we are dealing with and we have been dealing with. As you get closer to delivery, then you will see the markets respond, you'll see heat rates increase and you'll see the issues, such as the physical constraints that exist in the market -- in the physical delivery market start to come out in the forward market. And so I can't tie it to any specific issue. Our belief is that, in general, infrastructure in the Northeast is going to be constrained. We're seeing a lot more retirements than we are seeing resource additions. Therefore, we're seeing lower reserve margins. And as we saw during the polar vortex, when you get periods of high peak demand, then you see a significant rise in the price of both natural gas and the price of power.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And so basically, around this time next year -- or by this time next year, you would expect the forward curve to come in line. Is that how we should think about it?
Bill Mohl: Yes, we'll see the prompt years...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: For 2016.
Bill Mohl: Yes, we'll see the prompt years start to rise. And as you get closer to delivery, then depending on what the actual physical conditions are, then you see much more volatility as we did this last winter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then turning to New York and the legislation which passed the House of Representatives to defund, I guess, FERC's activity regarding the new capacity zone. How should we think about, a, what do you think the likelihood of that passing the Senate would be? And b, even if it does pass the Senate, what would the practical effect be, considering that I think pretty much FERC has already acted on this and acted on the rehearing if I understand it correctly? If you could just sort of elaborate a little bit on that.
Bill Mohl: Well, first, let me say that this type of intervention in the markets goes to the very heart of what we're working on from a market structure perspective and is what's actually undermining some of the markets overall when we actually see political motives behind proposed changes that affect that market. As it relates to this specific appropriations bill, we -- it's not currently -- has not been initiated in the Senate at all, and our prevailing belief is that FERC has ruled on this. They've had all the information required to make their decision, and we remain confident they will maintain that decision going forward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But I mean, if they defund this, how would that actually impact FERC? I mean, is there -- I mean, would it just be simply symbolic? Or would it actually have a practical impact on the capacity zone. Can you give us a perspective on this [ph]?
Roderick K. West: This is Rod West. In terms of the actual order that FERC currently has out, the rule is in place. And so the defunding doesn't change the tariff that's ultimately in effect. You can assume -- and you'd have to ask FERC this, whether or not they were specifically defunded, whether they would lose the ability to access resources from other sources to actually do their job. It's opened [ph] a practical matter. The rule is where it is in the unlikely event, and we do not believe that it is a likely outcome that the Senate would carry that amendment. That's a question for FERC. But we have to have confidence that FERC's jurisdiction at the end of the day is going to be upheld and supported through the legislative process.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Fremont at Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Looking at the preliminary 2015 drivers, can you elaborate at all on the changes in -- the expected changes in EWC depreciation? Because I guess, in 2014, I think your guidance have like a $0.25 increase in depreciation, and it looks like you're looking for depreciation to go up yet further in 2015.
Andrew S. Marsh: This is Drew. That just relates to normal incremental capital, most of it above what we're depreciating right now related to Fukushima and the like. So that's just normal changes. Last year, Paul, you remember that we had that new depreciation study, and that's what was driving the larger change last -- from last year to this year. Going forward, we wouldn't expect to see such a large change. It will just be normal capital increases.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And in terms of the useful life of nuclear, that assumption, is there any type of a major change there?
Andrew S. Marsh: No, no changes there.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the Department of Environmental Conservation remaining hearings in New York, can you give us an idea of when the hearings are expected to end on Indian Point?
Bill Mohl: Sure. I think you saw a flurry of activity last week regarding this matter, where we had a number of politicians, business folks, community members really speak out against the proposed capacity outages. Following that, the ALJs decided that they were going to push back the hearings associated with that topic for several months that were scheduled to be -- take place in January 2015. Our point of view on this whole process hasn't really changed since we talked to you at Analyst Day as we don't see any decision occurring on this matter any time before 2016 and likely gets -- may get pushed beyond that. So our point of view on that's consistent with what we talked to you about at Analyst Day.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So 2016 would be the -- an actual DEC final decision?
Bill Mohl: There could be a decision at that point in time. However, remember that as we detailed, there's a number of appeals, processes, et cetera, that we would -- we could pursue, so that wouldn't be the final word, so to speak.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Right. And that would -- that takes you to the 2018 time frame, right?
Bill Mohl: Yes, sir, that's correct.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. We'll take that from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to talk about membership in MISO and just if there's any general timing we should be thinking about in terms of further transmission planning, sort of signpost we can look to in terms of the capital that will be required to integrate Entergy into MISO.
Leo P. Denault: Theo, do you want to take that?
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, I'll start and maybe others could weigh on this. But I mean, MISO has -- obviously goes through its transmission planning processes. And as I think as I've talked about at the Analyst Day, we talked a little bit about transmission opportunities, and I laid out a time line as it related to projects that might have been submitted under MISO's kind of MVP, MEP processes. And August -- the month of August -- August 14, actually is the time when we would see MISO is completing some evaluations of projects that they would consider for their MTEP '14 process. So we also generally have our typical MISO transmission planning process that you would go through as a part of MISO, where we would submit projects, reliability projects and that sort of thing. As we laid out, again, in Analyst Day, I think we said we had about $1.7 billion transmission CapEx through 2016. Many of the projects that would be reliability-type projects that we would submit through MISO would be part of that $1.7 billion. But again, as you think about other types of projects, the MVP projects or other types of projects that might enhance economic benefits, you could see potentially spending above that level.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then just shifting gears for a follow-up on Indian Point, the coastal zone management process. What is the earliest date under which the New York State Department of State can make a consistency determination? I know the deadline is at the end of this year. But what would be the earliest date they could make the decision?
Leo P. Denault: Well, they could actually make a decision themselves by the end of the year. However, we have reason to believe, as based on previous experience, that, that decision could actually be further delayed. Remember, consistent with our discussion at Analyst Day, then that would -- if it was an adverse decision, then we would take that to a Secretary of Commerce appeal process, which lasts over a year, and then there is appeals process is over that -- in addition to that. So at this point in time, everything that we had mentioned at Analyst Day is still correct.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Waters for any closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Audra, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820(719) 457-0820(719) 457-0820(719) 457-0820, replay code 6761108. The telephone replay will be available through noon, Central Time, on Tuesday, August 5. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President William M. Mohl - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodity Business - Entergy Corporation Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Paula Waters: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions]. As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. Now, I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thanks, Paula, and good morning, everyone. By any objective measure, the first quarter of 2014 was extremely successful. Our operating groups provided excellent service to our customers under extreme conditions. Our commercial groups continued to provide growth opportunities while aggressively managing risks. Our support functions continued to evaluate and implement more standardized lower cost end-to-end business support processes, spanning multiple functions within the company. We continued our mission to support our communities through assistance programs and our direct contributions, and as a result, we created value for all 4 stakeholder groups: our customers, our owners, our employees and our community. This performance was achieved in both the Utility and at EWC, and our financial performance followed suit. Mainly, operational earnings per share were more than double those of last year, setting a new first quarter record and were driven by top line growth and lower costs. This quarterly performance, coupled with higher Northeast forward prices for the next 9 months, led us to raise 2014 earnings guidance by more than 20%. To be clear, weather is not a strategy. Colder-than-average temperatures for multiple stretches of time in the Northeast and in the 4-state Utility service territory had a significant impact, but weather is just one part of what we think is a strong overall story. We must perform day in and day out. To that end, our employees and equipment performed great this quarter. Let me give you some highlights. Starting with EWC, our nuclear plant performed well overall to help serve increased power needs due to increased demand in New York and New England over the past 3 months. To put this into perspective, the weather in this region, as measured by heating degree days, was 11% colder than normal and 13% colder than last year. As it relates to the EWC fleet operation, the EWC nuclear plant's first quarter 2014 forced loss rate improved by nearly 60%, with the shortest refueling outage ever at the Indian Point site at 24 days. We also successfully completed a refueling outage at the Palisades plant, which took a total of 56 days. Our outage performance would have been better, however. It took 15 days longer to make necessary and proactive replacement of plant components following a planned inspection. Another planned activity during the Palisades refueling outage was an inspection of the reactor vessel head in accordance with the revised NRC rule making on reactor vessel embrittlement. The inspection went as planned, and the results identified no discrepancies. We have a high confidence that our analysis supports operations through the end of Palisades operating life and that the NRC will approve our submittal reflecting just that. As it relates to our point of view on our hedging strategy, while we certainly have been challenged with lower market prices over the recent past due to lower natural gas prices and market design concerns, I believe we have been very consistent in communicating our bullish point of view related to the Northeast market. This point of view was based on our model-supported views surrounding undervalued forward heat rates generally due to a lack of liquidity. There are a few natural buyers and many more generators seeking to sell, resulting in a larger discount than at time of delivery, a robust winter demand picture for the Northeast region supporting natural gas prices and constrained Northeast infrastructure that offered asymmetric upside potential. While the severity of cold seen this past winter and the degree of price upside that was realized exceeded our point of view, we are directionally prepared to benefit from it due to our hedging practices. A few years ago, we made adjustments to our hedging strategy to incorporate more financial product, in part to protect our hedge portfolio against certain risks that include operational and liquidity risks and also to position our portfolio for asymmetric upside exposure in a cost-effective manner and to allow for more upside consistent with our bullish point of view on power pricing. It is important to note that we continue to remain bullish in the intermediate term as it relates to our point of view on Northeast gas and energy prices for the reasons I previously mentioned. That said, I'd like to talk about longer-term market issues. We believe the Northeastern U.S. energy market face several challenges which could lead to a repeat of the volatility experienced this past winter. Market design problems do not support the continued operation of critical generating resources in the region, resulting in declining reserve margins over time, a lack of fuel diversity in the region and an overreliance on natural gas. If we continue to see the Northeast power markets drive what should be economic units to retire prematurely and not fairly reward generators for the attributes they provide, including fuel supply diversity and reliability as well as environmental benefit, what was a volatile outlier this winter and last could become a recurring situation. In addition, this year's winter exposed serious infrastructure limitations -- limitation, which constrained the operation of some resources during periods of high demand. For example, there is simply not enough natural gas pipeline capacity in New England to serve both heating demand and natural gas by power plants during extreme cold. Concern over this lack of pipeline and delivery systems in New England is shared by the Obama administration. Earlier this week, the U.S. Secretary of Energy met with 150 state officials and industry executives, environmentalists and others in New England as part of a federal review of energy issues ordered by the President. The region is evaluating the situation, but any solution, whether new pipelines or gas by wire, that is new transmission lines into New England from Canada or other places, will be difficult, expensive and will take a considerable amount of time. Whether any of these options deliver the most reasonably priced power to consumers or meets regional environmental, price stability, economic growth and other objectives is unclear. We believe the markets today are not structured to value these attributes. We are committed to constructively addressing these market issues with regulators and other stakeholders, and we are seeing signs of progress. For example, the downward sloping demand curve in New England's next forward capacity market is a start. A sloping demand curve is important because it values all resources, not just at the point of resource inadequacy. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has ordered ISO New England to have this in place by the next forward capacity auction. However, keep in mind that price signal won't be realized until mid-2018. And making exceptions for renewables, as was proposed by ISO New England in April filing with FERC, further undermined the efficient operation of the market. Poor market design and continued interference with market mechanisms is what has led ISO New England to the place they are today, the declining market margin, inadequate research diversity and the risk of additional retirements in the region. We will continue to constructively work with the stakeholders in New England to develop proposed market design changes. In New York, we have also seen progress as it relates to improved market design, yet future challenges do remain. To give the market proper pricing signals for locational capacity needs, the Lower Hudson Valley zone, approved by FERC, will become effective next week. The summer strip auction covering the months of May through October cleared at nearly $10 a kilowatt month. This summer and May monthly auctions cleared at similar levels. All in all, these pricing data points demonstrate the need for capacity to supply customers in the constrained zone of New York. To summarize, these operational hedging and market advocacy activities of the past 3 months are focused on advancing our EWC strategy of preserving optionality and managing risk. What has transpired illustrates ways the portfolio has option value, and we have the ability to capture that value book now into the immediate future given the realities of this market. Realizing that requires the plans being online both now through solid operations and in the future, including the license renewal of [indiscernible] a balanced hedging strategy takes us towards our point of view but maintaining adequate downside protection and continued emphasis on changes in market design so that the reliability, fuel diversity and environmental attributes provided by these units are both valued and compensated. The Utility also performed well this quarter. Our performance in storm restoration illustrates our capability and dedication when more than 13,000 employees, contractors and mutual assistant workers responded to 4 ice storms from January through March. Our employees are not only storm tested. They are leaders in storm restoration and proactively keeping our customers informed during outages as recognized by J.D. Power and Associates. It was unprecedented when our utilities were the top 5 performers in proactive outage communications in J.D. Power's 2013 Electric Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study, but we did it again, as reported earlier this month, in the 2014 study. Also exemplifying our strong performance is the fact we earned yet again the Edison Electric Institute's storm Recovery and Assistance Awards for 2013. Entergy has earned EEI's Emergency Recovery Award or Emergency Assistance Award every year for 16 consecutive years, the only utility in the country to do so. Also during the quarter, our weather-adjusted sales growth was solid for our residential, commercial and industrial segments. For industrial customers, expansions make up 1/3 of the growth this quarter. This is not new. In fact, in the last 5 years, since 2008, we have seen over 50 expansions by our current industrial customers as well as a couple of new major facilities. Expansions during this time have driven an average industrial growth rate of nearly 2% per year. The factors driving the economics of these historical expansion projects are similar to the factors we are projecting for new facilities in the coming years, namely favorable domestic input energy prices against competitors in other countries, infrastructure and regional benefits of consolidating and expanding in the Gulf South versus other parts of the country and supportive communities and constructive regulation. The next phase in this regional industrial expansion has the potential for a significantly greater impact. That's what we have been analyzing and preparing for this past year. We've identified around $65 billion of high potential projects through 2019. Noteworthy developments include a ruling on the air permit for the new Big River steel plant in Arkansas that is expected tomorrow. If approved, construction could start this summer. In Louisiana, an expansion of an existing steel mill began operation late last year and ramped up faster than expected this quarter. In Mississippi, teams worked with local communities to qualify 4 large industrial sites in 4 counties. We expect to complete this process by November 2014. Finally, in Texas, there was a groundbreaking to build the largest methanol production plant in the United States at a cost of approximately $1 billion, which will bring in approximately 3,000 construction jobs and approximately 240 permanent jobs in the Beaumont area of our service territory. Some of these projects we have contracts to serve, others we are working on. The bottom line is for us to help bring these projects home to our community. The economic impact from the direct jobs, ancillary companies and services, new customers, taxes and other resulting effects will benefit our business in the long term, even as it benefits our communities, customers and employees in the short term. That is why economic development is central to our Utility strategy, and we are looking into all areas to support and promote it. One example of how we can support economic development is in the regulatory arena. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana notified the Louisiana Public Service Commission this week that they will file a study in June containing a preliminary analysis of the business combination of the 2 companies. This is a study we agreed to complete in connection with the resolution of the company's rate cases. While we expect to learn more once we complete the study, we anticipate that a larger company would be more nimble and efficient, benefiting our 4 key stakeholders and simplifying the regulatory process for our regulators. The combination could improve financial flexibility, helping to finance the Utility's investment required to serve new industrial customers and supporting the state in bringing to Louisiana jobs and regional economic growth opportunities. We continue to make progress on other regulatory agenda items in support of our Utility strategy. In Texas, earlier this month, we filed a unanimous settlement in a rate case allowing for an $18.5 million base rate increase and 2 limited term riders to recover cost. The return on equity of 9.8% reflected in the settlement matches what was authorized in the 2011, 2012 rate cases. The settlement also sets baselines for future use of the purchased capacity cost, distribution and transmission riders. The unanimous settlement is now before the Public Utility Commission of Texas, and a decision is expected next month. In Arkansas, the commission took up our rehearing request for the 2013 rate case, including our request to review the low authorized ROE and a financing formula for construction projects that do not fully compensate Entergy Arkansas for its cost. The next steps are up to the Arkansas Public Service Commission, but we are cautiously optimistic that we are able to explain our concerns about how the prior order hinders our shared objective of economic growth in the state. Again, to take a step back from the details, this quarter, our utilities performed when needed most. We responded to numerous storms while maintaining safe and reliable service. We saw strong retail sales growth, including industrial sales, and we continue to make progress in our regulatory jurisdictions for constructive outcome that align the interest of our 4 stakeholders. It should not surprise you that industrial expansion in the Gulf region is one of the topics we will explore on June 5 at our Analyst Day. While we are actively preparing for our event, I wanted to give you a preview. On a macro basis, there are 2 things trending in our favor; the industrial renaissance that is currently impacting our service territory and the market price of power. We plan to explore with you why we are so optimistic about both of these market conditions and why they can coexist. We can position ourselves to succeed when we recognize opportunities such as these. We are not simply passive participants. We see that as a duty and a privilege, to have a role in bringing these benefits home to our stakeholders. So the second broad area we plan to cover on June 5 is what we are doing to capture these market opportunities. Our goal is to give a better picture of our strategy and levers that not only meet but exceed your expectations. We know that will be a tall order, and it certainly won't all be solved in one day. But rest assured I and the entire executive leadership team are committed to explaining our strategy and why we believe it can be successful, to providing a clear roadmap of where we're headed and then most importantly, to continue to mobilize the entire organization to deliver on our commitments. The first quarter is a sample of what we know is possible. With that, I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will review the financial results for the quarter as well as our updated 2014 operational earnings guidance. Starting with Slide 2, our first quarter results for the current and prior years are shown on as-reported and an operational basis. Operational earnings per share were a robust $2.29 for the first quarter of 2014 compared to $0.94 in 2013. The significant increase was due largely to higher net revenue from EWC's Northeast nuclear fleet, while Utility net revenue was higher as well. Operational earnings excluded special items from the decision to close Vermont Yankee and HCM implementation. Earnings and operational results on Slide 3. Starting with Utility, operational earnings per share were $1.13. This is $0.40 higher than the $0.73 earned in the first quarter last year, and there are a few key drivers that I'll highlight starting with net revenue. As reported in the pre-release, weather was positive in the current period compared to the mild temperatures in the fourth -- first quarter of last year. In addition, positive weather-adjusted sales growth contributed about $0.05. On a weather-adjusted basis, billed sales were 2.1% higher than the comparable period. The increase was consistent across the residential, commercial and industrial customer classes, with industrial sales growth for the quarter at 2.5%. Industrial gains were broadly spread across multiple segments. The net effect of regulatory actions was also a factor for Utility net revenue but was largely offset by other line items and therefore contributed only about $0.03 to the quarterly earnings increase. The net revenue increases were partially offset by an unfavorable unbilled revenue variance of approximately $0.09 quarter-over-quarter. Besides net revenue, nonfuel O&M was also favorable quarter-over-quarter, reflecting lower pension expense from a higher discount rate as well as last year's cost reduction effort which resulted in fewer employees and changes in benefit plan. When taking into account expense increases that have designated net revenue recoveries, such as storm reserves and energy efficiency program cost, the quarter-over-quarter improvement was about $0.10. Now moving on to EWC. EWC's operational earnings of $1.39 per share in the first quarter of this year was higher than the $0.46 earned in the prior period. EWC results included an income tax benefit, which resulted from a change in New York State tax law. The change resulted in a onetime reduction in deferred taxes of approximately $21 million. Turning to EWC EBITDA drivers on Slide 4. The $261 million increase was driven by higher realized wholesale energy prices for EWC's Northeast nuclear assets. The average realized price for EWC's nuclear fleet was $89 per megawatt hour. Leo mentioned that our hedging strategy was part of the story for EWC's earnings this quarter. To add to that, I will simply remind you that we maintain upside in many of our contracted hedges through a protective call to address operational and liquidity risks in high-price environments like we experienced in the first quarter. This discipline actually reduces our overall risk profile. We view Slide 5 for some time to illustrate how our contracting strategy provides asymmetric upside opportunity. Note the positive slope to the line and higher prices, illustrating the protective call strategy. Also included in net revenue is certain mark-to-market activity, which includes a range of items. In the first quarter of this year, mark-to-market activity netted to approximately $21 million pretax, which includes the -- which included the positive turnaround of the $45 million pretax mark in the fourth quarter of 2013. A natural question is whether or not this quarter could repeat next year and beyond. As Leo discussed, we analyze and prepare for longer-term fundamental changes. We don't rely on weather to achieve our goals, but we do remain bullish on our point of view of energy pricing in the Northeast market. We witnessed higher volatility in these markets in the last 2 winters and believe this will continue in the foreseeable future due to constrained Northeast infrastructure. Looking forward to next year, should the same conditions repeat, we would expect to be able to again capitalize on the optionality of our portfolio. However, note that we will not have the benefit of a largely unhedged Vermont Yankee unit as we did this winter, and our revenue opportunity will depend on the specific positions we have. Recently, the cost of volatility has gone up, and some products we used this winter are more expensive or are currently not available from counter-parties for next winter. We are constantly evaluating the EWC portfolio to determine which product will best position us for 2015, while balancing cost and risk against our point of view. Nevertheless, if the same market conditions were to prevail next year, we think we could experience up to 80% of the first quarter 2014 EBITDA without changing our hedging philosophy. The bottom line is that our portfolio going forward still has plenty of price upside opportunity and embedded option value. Now moving on to operating cash flow shown on Slide 6. OCF was $767 million in the current quarter, up $223 million or more than 40% higher than 2013. Again, higher net revenue from EWC and Utility was the largest driver, demonstrating that the high-quality earnings we realized in the first quarter resulted in near-term cash flow. I'll now turn to 2014 operational earnings guidance on Slide 7. The strong first quarter results and increased volatility in Northeast Vermont and forward power markets pushed our 2014 earnings expectations above our original guidance range. Our revised operational earnings per share guidance range is $5.55 to $6.75. Starting with Utility net revenue, there are a few drivers to note. First, we had $0.18 of positive weather that was partially offset by unbilled revenue, as we noted earlier. Also, the outcome of some rate actions were different than originally planned last October. Looking forward, we still see 2014 Utility weather-adjusted retail sales on track to achieve the 1.9% growth we have previously noted. At EWC, based on realized prices to date and forwards at March 31, net revenue is expected to be significantly higher than we thought last October. Approximately $0.90 per share was realized in first quarter results, and approximately $0.45 per share is yet to come and still subject to market price variation. The revised midpoint also reflects combined negative $0.20 in O&M and other which is largely driven by the expectation for opportunistic spending in O&M, partly attributable to EWC performance this year and partly attributable to the potential to accelerate projects and in improving operation performance and reliability to benefit customers. Looking at the opportunities available to us now, this number may be lower over the balance of the year at both Utility and EWC. The higher expense is also net of the expected benefit from a higher pension discount rate. Moving down a line, we currently see a higher effective income tax rate which will reduce earnings by $0.05 per share. The overall variance is the net effect of changes in the 2 businesses. About half of the effective rate increase is simply due to the application of statutory rate, the incremental pretax earnings causing the overall effective tax rate to rise. At the same time, some of our expected Utility tax benefits are now more likely to fall into a future year. On the Utility segment, I will also note that most of the changes are not fundamental to the underlying strength of the business, and there's no change in our expectations in Utility earnings growth through 2016. Of course, we still may do better in 2014. Overall, our guidance range reflects our expectations of earnings and volatility today. Despite all that has happened, it's still early in the year, and undoubtedly, things will continue to evolve. We won't update the guidance range for changes as they arise unless we expect the year end operational results will likely end up outside the current range. The first quarter of this year was a good beginning. We created real value for our stakeholders and highlighted the optionality of EWC's business as well as the value of nuclear fuel diversity in the Northeast market. During the quarter, we've also seen encouraging signs for capacity auctions as well as improvements in forward power prices beyond 2014, moving towards our long-term bullish point of view. At Utility, with much of the uncertainty from 2013 behind us, we're focused on positioning ourselves to take advantage of the opportunities ahead. In particular, the strong economic development pipeline went beyond this year as seen in a new format on Slide 11. As Leo said, we'll delve deeper into these and other opportunities at the upcoming Analyst Day. We look forward to seeing you there, and now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take a question from Kit Konolige from BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: A couple of follow-up items. So can you go into a little more detail on the increase in the O&M spending? If I understood it correctly, I took away that it's an opportunistic spend due to the improved revenues and sort of reinvestment, if you will. Are there particular segments or companies or projects that you're spending that O&M in?
Andrew S. Marsh: Thanks, Kit. Yes, so at EWC, that is certainly the case as well as the Utility. And so at EWC, part of that is paying people for the great performance that Leo talked about in the first quarter, and part of it is looking for opportunities to move projects forward if those arise. The challenge associated with those, of course, is that they are difficult projects to plan. It's not easy to move a lot of O&M forward like that, and so we are getting an early start on it. It's easier to pull back than it is to decide at the end of the year that you want to move a lot of O&M forward. At the Utility, we're a little ahead of -- in that same regard. It's something that's beneficial for customers in terms of rate stability if we can offset some of the beneficial weather. And since it's still early in the year, we don't know that we'll be able to actually have the opportunity at the Utility to do that. And we'll certainly be looking at each company, because not all Utility companies will likely have that same opportunity. So -- but that's what we're working on today. We're preparing. We're trying to form up projects, and we're looking for those opportunities. But there's no guarantee that we'll openly end up spending that O&M.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And on a separate area, you mentioned that -- if I heard it right, that 80% of the EBITDA in 2014 first quarter could recur in first quarter '15 and at $0.90 a share of the increase in the guidance range was due to the first quarter. First, just wanted to confirm that those were correct, and I just want to try to get an idea of how much of a, if you will, permanent baseline change there is here in level of EPS and EBITDA that will recur in '15 and forward. Obviously, forward prices have gone up some, and as you say, volatility has gone up and so on. If you can give us some idea of what we're looking at going forward, that would be a big help.
Andrew S. Marsh: I'll start with the math part, and then I'll turn it over to Bill for the point of view discussion. So I think the math that you had, Kit, was correct, but I'd put a bunch of caveats in there as well. So those are -- it's 80% under the same market conditions that we see next year in the first quarter. And yes, that is against the $0.90 increase plus the part that we already had built into guidance. So it's the overall EBITDA that I was talking about when you look at it that way. And so part of that is from the fact that Vermont Yankee is not going to be in our portfolio next year. And part of that is, as you said, forward prices have already moved up, so we do have some still open positions in our remaining portfolio. They benefited from some of the price moves so far. And so you get up above what Vermont Yankee's contribution was this quarter, because some of our other positions have benefited from that early price rise. So with that, I think I'll turn...
Leo P. Denault: This is Leo, Kit. Let me just jump in to make sure I -- I don't want you to -- I want to make sure you get the right specifics. The 80% Drew was talking about is if the same price volatility happened next first quarter that happened this first quarter, we're positioned that we can capture that value. If you want to look at -- when you were asking about permanent, the slide we have in the deck on EBITDA, that's where the market is today. And so you may not have been thinking this, but I just want to make sure. We're not saying that we already have 80% of what we've got this quarter -- first quarter next year. If the same thing happened, we're positioned to capture it. That's what Drew was trying to say.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: It's the same market conditions but not the same weather, obviously.
Leo P. Denault: Well, Kit, whatever reason. It might happen because of weather. It might -- that would probably be why it would happen.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: I get it, okay. It's basically just removing the Vermont Yankee impact.
Andrew S. Marsh: That and some of the price rise that we've already seen so far this year. As you said, [indiscernible] prices have come up a little bit already.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick one on the -- in the Slide 21, you're just alluding to talking about just sort of the look at market today. Obviously, you don't specify the numbers, but it seems from the movement in the 2015 number in particular that it took -- probably up about $100 million of EBITDA outlook versus the prior version of this slide. I guess my question is, you've got 74% hedged. You now expect to realize 53% on that versus 49% before, which is a $4 uplift, and then the market pricing slide is also kind of a $4 uplift. And it seems 4x your generation ought to be closer to $150 million than $100 million. So is there some offset? Does my math make any sense there? And is there some offset embedded in there? Or are you sort of embedding some conservatism about next year in particular?
Andrew S. Marsh: I'm not sure I followed all the way through on the last part, but I think it should all kind of hold together. I don't think there's any big offset built into the numbers that we're showing you there.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But your hedged is up $4, and your open is up $4, and you've got 35 terawatt hours. It just doesn't seem that the bar is moving as much as it should by some reasonable margin.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, there is a bit of rounding in there as well, but there's -- we don't have any unplanned or hidden offsets in there. We're showing you just the revenue uplift there.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if I may, on this discussion you just had about the 80% and the 20% if we have a repeat of this year's conditions next year. What -- can you be a bit more specific about what kinds of products that you use this year are not available in the market for next year and how you're -- and just some more color on how you're adapting to changes in available products in the market?
William M. Mohl: Sure. This is Bill. I think as we've explained previously, we use a variety of different products. So some of that includes unit contingent. Some of that includes cap collars. And we use a variety of different option structures, both European, which clear on a forward basis versus Asian options, which clear more on a daily basis. As you can appreciate, as the volatility in this market has increased and if you look at daily volatility from -- for example, from winter '13 to winter '14, we've probably seen a pickup of over 50% between '14 and '13. Obviously, some folks who were willing to sell those products in the past have reconsidered their risk profile. And so right now, they are not as willing to offer those products, and so we have to readjust our portfolio to what's actually available in the market to be able to capture that. However, as Drew said, we still believe we have the opportunity to capture a significant portion of those upside, but it will be a different portfolio and there will be different prices associated with the products available due to that increased volatility.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I think I just want to better understand the changes that are taking place in the Utility guidance for '14. I guess the starting point would be there's a $0.20 reduction in the midpoint, and that includes the $0.18 of positive weather in the first quarter. So are we really looking at sort of a delta here of $0.38? Is that...
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. This is Drew, Paul. That's a good question. So in the net revenue line, there is an offset to that $0.18 in our unbilled revenue category. And unbilled is something we don't normally talk about, because it's usually kind of plus or minus right around 0. But this quarter, it's a large number, and it has to do with sort of the estimates at the end of each quarter that we make. And so it was -- it's really sort of a holdover from the very end of '13 when it was really cold, those last couple of weeks in December. Those dollars have since gone into the build revenue category. And we're backing them out of the unbilled category, and you see the offset to the build. So it's about -- as I said, it's $0.09 quarter-over-quarter. It was about $0.10 between December and the first quarter of this year. So that's the biggest thing in that net revenue line that you're probably not seeing completely there.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Right. So that -- in other words, if that's $0.09 out of what would be potentially $0.38, what would be -- or is it $0.09 out of what really is $0.20? That's what I'm trying to figure out, because don't I need to add the...
Andrew S. Marsh: If you're looking at $0.30, I think you're looking at quarter-to-quarter versus the $5.20 midpoint is just for 2014. And so our expectations for 2014 from the net revenue perspective have been largely met except you would say plus $0.18 for weather, minus $0.10 for unbilled and then a little other noise in there to get you that plus $0.05. And then...
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, so that -- but then that still leaves like $0.28. So in other words, I'm just trying to figure out what drove it -- what's driving the $0.28 and whether that's -- we should look at that as potentially recurring items or nonrecurring items?
Andrew S. Marsh: I'm not sure I'm following where you're getting the $0.28 from. I'm sorry. I think when we said $0.28, it's plus $0.18 weather this quarter versus minus $0.10 first quarter of '13. So there's a $0.28 weather delta there. Is that what you're looking at?
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: No, I'm just taking the $0.20 change in the midpoint of the guidance, adding in the weather of $0.18 and then subtracting out the $0.09 or the $0.10 that you gave me for...
Andrew S. Marsh: Okay. So then -- so if you come down on the guidance table, maybe what you're seeing is there's a bit of the opportunity spending, and then the other part is the taxes piece. There were some tax items that we thought would occur this year when we set guidance in October. It looks like those have pushed back a little bit, probably into '15, and so that has moved out. We don't -- we still think those things will happen. The timing has just changed on them. So those are the -- from the guidance table, those are the main drivers.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And the opportunity spend and the taxes together would sort of represent the difference? And -- because you also mentioned somewhere in there rate case outcomes.
Andrew S. Marsh: Right, right. And so that's the smaller piece that's in that net revenue line item. That's part of what gets you down to the $0.05, and it has more to do with the Arkansas rate case at the end of the year probably than anything.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And still the expectation -- so even with sort of -- so in other words, if the Arkansas decision isn't reversed, you're still confident that you can come up with other offsets by '16 to get to the same $950 billion Utility net income number.
Andrew S. Marsh: That's correct. That's correct. And as Leo said, we're looking for ways to exceed that. So we feel pretty good about where we are in terms of our 2016 number. Recall that, that doesn't include any tax benefit in it, and we have all the industrial renaissance and economic development opportunities in front of us. We think that's pretty safe right now.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on the hedging strategy, just make sure so I understand this, in the ratable or kind of point of view base that you guys are using, you didn't really increase hedge positions in the quarter. What is the thought process for adding on any out years as we move through this year? And what kind of percentage hedges do you want to have maybe going into 2015?
William M. Mohl: What -- I mean typically, we look at prompts here, we hedge 85% of that position. So that's kind of the guidelines that we followed and we'll expect to continue to follow. Of course this year, effectively, we were a little less than that due to the fact of the uncertainty around VY and how long that unit would run and the uncertainty around the CPG. But we would intend to be hedged in an 85% level.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on -- kind of with the MISO integration, you haven't had a little more time with it and then some of these issues that have come up between transfer between MISO classic and MISO South. Can you maybe give a little color on how you guys see that getting resolved, what impact that's had on even with the value proposition of joining MISO from what you guys originally anticipated? And is that going to have any bearing on potential CapEx opportunities with the MISO transformation?
Andrew S. Marsh: [Indiscernible].
Operator: And gentlemen, this is the operator. We are unable to hear you at this time. [Technical Difficulty]
Unknown Executive: The point I was making on the SPP MISO issue for the company, SPP filed a complaint at FERC seeking to -- in essence, to have FERC charge MISO for any excess capacity beyond the 1,000-megawatt limitation and the tie-in between MISO North and MISO South, the point being that we're in the initial stages of the litigation, if you will. We have not -- we've not ruled out the possibility or likelihood of resolving that issue by way of settlement. But if we were to ultimately go to hearing and if SPP were to maintain their position, that is essentially what they're seeking, to limit that inner regional dispatch to 1,000-megawatts and to issue that payment to SPP from MISO for any megawatts beyond that 1,000-megawatt capacity, so the debate is really about that. We don't have a point of view on how MISO would address it if FERC were to find that SPP's position was well founded. But again, it's early in the process, so we really don't know kind of how that plays out at that the moment.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If this were to not get resolved, would this affect the value proposition of you guys joining MISO?
Unknown Executive: No.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just wanted to first clarify how the LHV pricing came in relative to your expectation of a $2 increase for the full year, maybe just some color on that.
William M. Mohl: Yes. I think, as you know, the LHV pricing came in for the summer strip rider a little bit under $10. May auction, spot auction was around $12.25. So that's in excess of our original estimate.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay.
William M. Mohl: Not a whole lot. No, not significantly higher, but I mean it was a limit bit higher than what we had used as our kind of midpoint.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. It's really hard to tell, because the $2, like an average for the year.
William M. Mohl: That's right.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: So if we were thinking about this for a summer strip, was it $1 or $2 or something like that above what you would have thought the summer strip price?
William M. Mohl: It's less than -- much less than $1 on an average basis.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So that's -- any LHV pricing that's assumed in the EBITDA -- any New York capacity pricing assumed in the EBITDA charts that you have should be pretty close even though you didn't update for that. It shouldn't be that different based on what came out.
William M. Mohl: No, that's right. It should be consistent with what came out.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. One other question just on clarifying kind of your point of view on New England and the like. And one could argue that there's obviously some pretty severe constraints. We also did seem to have some relatively severe weather, maybe not as much just in New England but like kind of the whole regional area or maybe the whole northern part of the country. So when you're talking kind of the bullish point of view and keeping your strategy the same, is it -- in a normal winter weather situation, do you think there'd be this much extreme or still have kind of an extreme option value that things are that bad in New England, that even normal weather, you want to keep the big option position?
William M. Mohl: Yes. I mean, here's the way we think about it is, we've seen volatility in those markets in the last 2 winters, okay? And this winter, obviously, was more severe than the winter of 2013, but nevertheless, we saw volatility. Now take into consideration for 2014, you've got Salem Harbor coming off, that's about 750 megawatts. VY will be off in the first part of 2015. It'll actually shut down at the end of this year. And then you've got other units like Brayton Point that will come off in 2017. So you're losing a substantial amount of resources over the next 4 to 5 years. In fact, if you look at their overall portfolio, you're going to lose about 4,000 megawatts which represents about 10% of their generation -- over 10% of their generation capacity. And reserve margins, obviously, have declined to the point where FCA 8 resulted in a deficiency, and you went to basically new build prices for new resources. So there's a lot of dynamics going on there, but we believe that there will continue to be constraints. While there's a minimal amount of new pipeline capacity coming on due to compression projects, that type of thing, we don't believe it's adequate to replace the additional capacity that will be retired.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So I hear your comments with Steve on the markets and what have you, and I also heard your opening comments which sort of indicated substantial concern with the way the market's being structured and what have you. And so I guess so to follow-up on this, do you guys -- I mean, I know what you guys are planning in terms of your filings, and I've followed your Exelon and Entergy joint filing on the Forward Capacity 9. But is there a plan b if, in fact, we don't get the market structure that you guys contemplate? Or should we think, basically, that things are sort of going in your direction and you guys are cautiously optimistic, and we're going to be seeing this sort of process continue in the stakeholder process, what have you and see how it plays out? Or is there perhaps another strategy you guys might be thinking about to get more value for your generation plan?
William M. Mohl: Well, it gets to be a little bit complex, but let me lay this out. So we're working through the stakeholder process both in New York and in New England and at FERC, and we believe there's improvements to be made in the capacity market design. We believe there's improvements to be made in the energy market design, and we also believe that there are opportunities to be fairly compensated -- for generators to be fairly compensated based on the actual attributes they provide, for example, on-site fuel, 0 carbon emissions, et cetera. That is going to be a fairly lengthy process. We think we will see some immediate improvements, for example, in ISO New England with real-time energy pricing coming up by the end of this year. Leo mentioned the slope demand curve. In the interim, as we have mentioned, we expect to see quite a bit of volatility in the markets just due to the constraints themselves. And so when you say is there a plan b, I mean we're kind of working all of those in parallel and we expect to see some continued volatility until some of these market issues get resolved. And I think the polar vortex brought to the attention of all the markets and to the regulators that we've got some structural design issues that need to be addressed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Going back to Forward Capacity Auction #9, there is this new entry pricing extension that's being proposed, and I was wondering if you could -- if you have any thoughts -- I mean, obviously you guys are against it. I understand that. But if you have any thoughts about what the -- I mean what the impact might be if that provision stays in the -- it could be whatever the proposal that New England put forth?
William M. Mohl: I'll make sure I understand. Are you talking about the exemption as it relates to the renewables associated with that and the slope demand curve?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yes, the slope demand curve filing and the new entry pricing extension, they're going to increase by 40%, MISO proposing, from 5 to 7 years for new entry pricing.
William M. Mohl: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right. And I'm just wondering if you have any thoughts about what that impact might be or if that's significant given the constraints you're talking about on the gas side or...
William M. Mohl: I think our point of view is, we're not necessarily probably hung up on the 5 to 7. What has -- the most challenging for us is that when the ISO sets -- has new capacity enter the market, they choose a number of $7 a kW/month to provide existing generators. And so we believe, with the slope demand curve, that we have the opportunity, depending on resource availability, to see additional upside probably somewhere -- to $10 or $11 of kW/month once that slope demand curve gets put in place.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Regardless of these other market design issues such as the extension and the exemption that you were discussing earlier, that even with those in place, you still think that the capacity price should probably get up there. Is that right?
William M. Mohl: We still think -- I mean, obviously, we're concerned about the exemptions because it's another intervention into kind of what's referred to as the competitive market. But we -- even with that, we believe that there is some additional upside from a capacity perspective, capacity pricing perspective.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to just talk through the low growth numbers that you're seeing which is obviously robust compared to the national average. Are there certain areas that stand out as the strongest areas of growth? And do those offer potentially more transmission spend than you've been currently contemplating?
Leo P. Denault: Theo, you want to...
Theodore H. Bunting: Steven, this is Theo. I guess we talked about that we would probably want to talk, to answer the second part of your question, really more around customer class maybe somewhat. And when we look at residential and commercial, I think for the past few years, we've expected what we saw last year, kind of a dip in growth, that being driven primarily by energy efficiency policies primarily at the federal level, somewhat around -- primarily around lighting. And I think what you're seeing now in 2014 and the first quarter as compared to 2013 is really a return to what we had probably seen on the simple average load growth 2010 through 2012 prior to 2013. So -- and it's something, I mean, we somewhat anticipated post the dip we saw in 2013. When you now talk about industrial and you talk about the industrial renaissance, we talked about fairly extensively, Leo mentioned on this call and we've talked about previously, as that growth shows up and it shows up to the extent that we've embedded it within the context of our guidance numbers and to the extent it shows up even greater, yes, there is the opportunity for additional transmission investment to connect that resources to that demand growth, to that load growth. We have some -- obviously, a transmission bill we have within the context of our current construction plan reflects the expectation we have relative to -- out to the 2.5%, 2.25% sales growth. But to the extent that growth goes beyond that, which, again, given what we're seeing we view as a possibility, there could be transmission to connect those load pockets, and we could do additional transmission spend associated with that.
Leo P. Denault: Stephen, from a transmission point of view, obviously, the way to think about it is, we've got a plan. The construction plan of the $1.7 billion over the next 3-year period, that would include some of the economic development activity we have in our plan for that timeframe, the 2% to 2.25% load growth. The renaissance, the projects, the $65 billion that's been announced that we were talking about, that goes up to 2019, so that's even farther. To the extent that we pick up more, as Theo mentioned, there's an increment that could show up just in the base business. So you've got the current run rate. You got -- if we could outsize the growth on top of that outside growth, we get more -- against the other 2 buckets also, obviously, exists with the -- you look at the FERC Order 1000 issue MEP, MVP projects that's out there as well that we would anticipate participating in it at some level, certainly, within our service territory. And then there's that opportunity outside of it too, which we're certainly going to consider what we do there as well. So there's -- the transmission part of the business is actually more complicated and more interesting because of it given those different buckets that are all pretty robust at this moment. But the normal load growth in and of itself is pretty good based on what we've already got line of sight on. The incremental piece on that could make that even better if were successful in our strategy to attract and serve that load. And then we've got these other 2 buckets that we're evaluating, and certainly, we're going to have to make sure we do everything we can to do the right thing for our customers and work with our regulators on how we would all work through that. But that's an extremely interesting part of the business for us right now that we get to work through.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful, and I just had a very quick factual question just on the EWC business. I assume that the forecast still includes the DOE nuclear waste disposal fee. Is that correct?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. Well, Stephen, there's, as you know, the possibility that, that might not be in there. We sort of factored that into our midpoint, $6.15. If it comes in or I should say goes away sometime in June, it would be about $0.08.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. But in the out year EBITDA numbers, you're still assuming that you still have to pay that fee?
Andrew S. Marsh: That's correct.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn things back over to Ms. Paula Waters for any additional or closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Vicky, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 6761108. The telephone replay will be available through noon, Central Time on Thursday, May 1, 2014. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for joining.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations William M. Mohl - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodity Business - Entergy Corporation
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and Andrew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. Now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thanks, Paula, and good morning, everyone. 2013 was a good year, considering everything we set out to do and what was before us. Importantly, we maintained low rates for our customers, our employees had a great safety year, we contributed to our communities, and we put in place a platform of lower costs, improved risk profile and simplification our business while delivering strong financial results. Moreover, our strategic imperatives positioned us to execute on our strategy to aggressively grow our utility business, driven primarily by the economic renaissance that is unique to the Gulf South while we preserve the optionality and manage the risk in our merchant operations, Entergy Wholesale Commodities. So starting with the results. I'm pleased to report, after beginning the year with higher-than-expected pension costs pushing us towards the lower part of our guidance range, we delivered operational earnings of $5.36 per share. That's near the top of our guidance range of $5.40. We returned nearly $600 million in common stock dividends and maintained solid credit metrics for our owners. Our residential, commercial and industrial rates remain among the lowest in the nation. Our residential rates are in the lowest cost quartile in 4 of our 6 retail jurisdictions, and our low industrial rates are contributing to the regional industrial growth we're experiencing. In addition, our residential customers viewed us more favorably in 2013 than the year before. Overall, the percent reporting favorable views grew by 12 points to 78%. Also for our communities, Entergy and the Entergy Charitable Foundation invested more than $15 million of cash contributions to nonprofit partners, and our employees and volunteers logged more than 85,000 hours of volunteer service valued at approximately $2 million. What matters most to us is safety. Our employees reduced the OSHA recordable accident index by more than 30% for 2012 to a record low level. Our contractor safety did not match our employee results. We can and must do better as nothing is more important. Resolution of major strategic issues, our corporate reorganization and strong results set the stage for execution on our strategy for 2014 and beyond. I want to take the next few minutes to talk about what we mean by that. As I mentioned, our Utility strategy is to aggressively grow our business. Sales growth and productivity improvements have always been the most effective way to grow utility and keep customer bills low. For Entergy, we believe we can sustain this traditional utility model for the foreseeable future. It starts with the top line. Today, economic development activity is far beyond anything we have seen in a long time. Just last November, the International Energy Agency released its 2013 edition of the World Energy Outlook. In it, the, IEA points out that the significant regional disparity of global energy prices clearly favors the United States against rival industrial giants. Oil prices are more than 20x higher internationally than the equivalent U.S. natural gas price, and natural gas prices around the world are more than double what we pay here in the U.S. These spreads make new or expanded energy-intensive industrial production located in the U.S. competitive globally. Shale gas also contributes to our low industrial electricity rates, also helping industrial businesses to better compete. Combine these commodity price levels with business-minded state and local governments, communities that are receptive to industrial development, as well as the infrastructure in place to support it, and we see a great environment for economic development to flourish in our 4-state service territory. Over the next 3 years, we project 2% to 2.25% compound average annual sales growth, simply based on those new or expansion industrial projects we have line of sight on, either through signed electric service agreements or those in late-stage negotiations. While opportunities exist across our service territory, most identified to date are centered along the Louisiana Gulf Coast region. Drew will update you on recent efforts to serve this industrial load. But to give you a sense of the magnitude of the opportunity and why it is central to our Utility strategy, if we serve them all, it would increase the sum of the operating companies' peak load by almost 10%. The utility operating companies' objective, in conjunction with our state economic development agencies, is to attract these opportunities to our region and to serve them all reliably and cost-effectively. Even as our sales grow, we can continue to provide electricity from a fleet that has average emission rates well below the national average in both conventional pollutants and greenhouse gases. We also now have better access to a broader pool of resources to serve existing and new customers through our integration with the Midcontinent Independent System Operator. At midnight Eastern on December 19, the 6 utility operating companies cut over to operations in the MISO Regional Transmission Organization. Joining MISO marks completion of a decade-long objective. It was the largest RTO integration ever. MISO's ability to optimize unit commitment and dispatch across our regions is projected to save our customers hundreds of millions of dollars over the coming decade. In addition to energy cost benefits that result from the Day 2 market, utility operating companies' reserve margins collectively are now 1,000 megawatts lower, real savings to customers every year. The move to MISO also gives us improved flexibility to serve incremental sales growth. Serving these new customers may require additional investment in transmission. Regarding transmission, as you know, we jointly terminated the proposed transaction with ITC Holdings Corp. in December. While we believe that the transaction offered a way to lower delivered energy cost for our customers over the long term, simply put, we did not get the regulatory support we needed to close the deal. Our objective has always been to provide safe and reliable transmission service to our customers at a reasonable cost. We have a 100-year history of doing just that. Going forward, the utility operating companies will continue to maintain the existing transmission infrastructure and, alongside MISO and under its independent oversight, plan for new transmission facilities as needed to meet reliability standards. We will also participate actively in the MISO planning process to identify and build additional transmission projects to support public policy goals or provide congestion relief, where economic for customers, and other benefits consistent with the MISO planning criteria. Our transmission capital plan over the next 3 years reflects spending to implement the construction plan incorporated into the MISO planning process upon our entry. Joining MISO, any implementation of FERC Order 1000 adds a new dynamic. For example, our transmission spending in the coming years could increase for potential market efficiency projects -- for Multi-Value Projects, which are economically driven projects if approved by MISO because of the economic or public policy types of benefits they provide to our customers; or projects identified through interregional planning, evolving industry reliability standards, loading economic conditions, again to the benefit of our customers; or future transmission investment to meet requirements to serve the approximately $65 billion of potential economic development projects in a region. We could also see additional generation investment needs over time, both to replace aging resources and to meet sales growth. As we have -- invest for the future and the growth of our business, productivity improvements that help manage customer rates will also be critical. This is the reason for our HCM initiative. HCM was necessary to advance the Utility and EWC strategies. This required a complete reorganization and restructuring of our company. It was an arduous process for our employees. We restaffed the entire organization after designing a new structure to improve the efficiency and the effectiveness across the company. In the end, we eliminated approximately 800 positions, and the majority of the affected employees separated from the company last year. We also introduced changes to our employee benefits programs in late 2013. These types of changes are never easy for anyone, but they are necessary to maintain reasonable cost for our customers and position employees in the company to excel in the coming years. Our HCM was not just about cutting cost. It was also about expanding resources dedicated to functions central to our strategy. At the Utility, for example, economic development was elevated in the company, expanding the staff and resources dedicated to this effort. Working hand-in-hand with state and local government offices, the economic development teams are charged with attracting new projects to the region and removing barriers in the development process. At nuclear, we determined we needed more specific governance and oversight of the various functions as a method to help us improve performance at the plants. So we added operations oversight personnel at each site to ensure that the behaviors and performance at the plants meet our standards. Improving performance was a major goal for the nuclear organization's HCM effort. At the corporate level, we developed a new shared services model to improve efficiency, better support business operations and have a more engaged organization. In addition to growing sales through our economic development activities and improving productivity through programs like HCM and our transition to MISO, our regulatory constructs must support our efforts to grow the economies of our service territory. Constructive regulatory mechanisms, such as riders from the rate plans and the securitized recovery of storm cost and the establishment of storm reserves also improve the ability for a utility to reliably serve customers, make investments and maintain reasonable costs. We will continue to work with our retail regulators who have recognized the benefit of such constructive approaches in many ways over the years. The settlements of the 2 Louisiana rate cases approved by the LPSC in December were structured around our execution of these building blocks of our strategy. But we have more work to do to demonstrate to all of our retail regulators the value in progressive mechanisms. We need to collaboratively pursue mechanisms that will support prudent investment to the benefit of all stakeholders. Working together with our regulators, we need to continue to serve and advance the public interest. We also need to make sure that the traditional rate setting mechanisms are functioning properly. While the Arkansas Public Service Commission's rate case decision did give us some tools to prepare for the future, particularly those mechanisms designed to help us operate in MISO and facilitate Entergy Arkansas' exit from the System Agreement, we are very disappointed in the other portions of the decision that will make it more challenging for EAI to invest in expansion opportunities and technologies that foster the state's economic growth and public policy objectives. Clearly, one of the disappointments is the 9.3% authorized ROE, the lowest ROE of all Southern U.S. utilities. We're already seeing a negative customer impact of the order after Moody's upgraded the credit ratings of our other major operating companies in most of the utility space but not Entergy Arkansas. The upgrades came out of Moody's more favorable view of the relative credit supportiveness of the U.S. regulatory environment. Entergy Arkansas was one of a handful of companies whose ratings did not change despite being on review for possible upgrade. In its report, Moody's specifically pointed to the less-than-favorable rate case outcomes in May of 2010 and December of 2013. Moody's also pointed to more credit-supportive FRPs in other jurisdictions versus the traditional rate case framework. This obviously disadvantages EAI against other companies in their quest for growth and the capital to support that growth. At the end of January, we filed for rehearing and/or clarification of some of the issues to better understand how to address them going forward. While we are trying to resolve via the [indiscernible], the issues created by the current rate order, Entergy Arkansas intends to work constructively with the APSC to find a way to advance a regulatory environment which strengthens EAI's ability to serve its customers in the post-System Agreement environment and fosters the type of investment that helps grow the economy. We have a long history of FRPs in Mississippi and New Orleans. The FRP in Mississippi has served all stakeholders well over the years, linking return levels to performance on customer service reliability and customer rate metrics. The potential need for a rate case in 2014 arises from Entergy Mississippi's exit from the System Agreement next year, among other reasons. And they also give us opportunity to explore other regulatory mechanisms such as formula rate plans that allow adjustments for known and measurable changes occurring in the rate effective period to better facilitate the coming investment needs. In Texas last week, Entergy Texas staff and the parties notified the Administrative Law Judges of significant progress towards settlement in a rate case. As a result, the schedule was suspended. Tomorrow, the parties will file a report regarding the status of the settlement and settlement documents. The rate case filing also seeks to set baselines for using the authorized capacity, distribution and transmission riders in coming years. These 3 riders provide a regulatory regime that addresses certain cost drivers without the need for a full base rate proceeding. Turning to EWC. Our strategy is to preserve optionality and manage risks through our operations; our hedging strategy; our regulatory efforts, most notably license renewable; our asset decisions; and our advocacy for wholesale market policies that adequately price the value of reliability, fuel diversity and environmental benefits. Take hedging for example. Several years ago, we expanded our use of options and collars that provided downside protection and offered some ability to receive higher prices if the market moved up, consistent with our analysis of the markets. As a result, last winter, and again this winter, we were able to capitalize on the run-up in power prices. This strategy contributed to our strong 2013 earnings performance and current position within the 2014 guidance range, and Drew will review that shortly. While this winter's much colder-than-normal weather has been a primary driver and was not an expected outcome in advance, the way we structured our hedge portfolio preserved optionality and is helping us to realize upside in the volatile energy market, consistent with our overall EWC strategy. High capacity price is also reflected in our strong 2013 results as supply and demand in the New York market began to tighten. Going into 2014, the new Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone is a source of potential uplift for Indian Point. More importantly, having it should contribute to improved reliability in New York. The new capacity zone was designed to create proper market incentives that encourage minimum resources in this constrained zone. FERC issued its decision on January 28 on the New York Independent System Operator's demand curve filing. Essentially, these demand curves will set the capacity price in each spot auction based on the level of demand bid in. Although we did not agree with some of the assumptions underlying the demand curves, the decision overall, including the rejection of the phase-in of the new zone, was a step in the right direction that will increase the market's ability to meet the region's goals. With this decision in hand, the LHV zone will be fully implemented effective May 1, 2014. Last week in New England, the 2017 to 2018 capacity auction cleared at over $7 per kilowatt-month for Rest-of-Pool, below new build but better than the sub-$3 clearing price in the last auction. Pilgrim and Rhode Island combined-cycle plant both cleared the auction as Rest-of-Pool resources. Despite these constructive capacity market outcomes, our market design challenges remain, and we are now seeing their seeds take root with more announced shutdowns. This shutdown of generation that would otherwise be economic in a well-functioning market will create a future point of disconnect. Something will have to give. In the meantime, we will continue to champion power market reform. And in the long run, we generally bullish on Northeast energy and capacity prices, and Drew will address in more detail this during his discussion. For Indian Point, we continue to preserve the option to operate the plant through our pursuit of the multistage, multilayer license renewal process. This process is likely to continue through at least 2018. A recap of recent developments is provided on Slide 28. For Vermont Yankee, the value of the option was not sufficient to maintain its operation, which led us to the difficult decision to close the plant. To manage the risks associated with the shutdown, we reached a settlement in December with the State of Vermont. We believe the Vermont Yankee settlement agreement is in the best interest of VY employees, the local community, our owners and the state. It resolves short-term issues and establishes a foundation for longer-term dialogue. Just signing the agreement resolved most of our pending litigations with the state. The remaining terms of the agreement are contingent upon Vermont Public Service Board approval by the end of March of the Certificate of Public Good to operate through the end of 2014. Closing one of our plants is the last thing we wanted to do, and economics drove the decision in Vermont. However, even with the closure, we preserved 85% of the optionality in the fleet. Despite the recent weather-driven run up in near-term prices, long-term sustained low-power and capacity prices continued to weigh on Fitzpatrick and Pilgrim and would at Palisades, if not for the power purchase agreement through early 2022 that supports the plant's operating costs. We continue to believe the rationale for separating merchant risk from the utility holding company remained valid. To that end, we have looked at a number of alternative to accomplish this over the last several years. Our conclusion, based on what we know today, is that we intend to own and operate this fleet for the foreseeable future. We know there's a lot of uncertainty on this point, so we felt it was important to let you know that, based on our current point of view, we have made no decision to close any other plants and are not actively considering selling any at this time. While this is our assessment today, our point of view is an evergreen process that will continue to evolve based on conditions in the commodity markets and operational and regulatory developments. 2013 had its challenges. We feel like we've taken a significant step forward. If 2013 was a year of transition, 2014 is the year of clarity. Entering today's call, I know many of you had questions about what our strategy is. My hope is I've cleared some of that up. To recap, we have put a platform and organizational structure in place to execute on our strategy, and our strategy is to aggressively grow the Utility business, driven primarily by the economic renaissance that is unique to the Gulf South, while we preserve the optionality and manage the risks associated with EWC. And as always, we're on the lookout for actions we can take to do better for our stakeholders. But I know you have more questions about what we are trying to do and what it all means financially and operationally into the future. We will give you a comprehensive update at our 2014 Analyst Day, which we're announcing today. It will be held on June 5th in New York City. We hope you'll mark your calendars. We want to see you all there. And now, I'll turn your call over to Drew.
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will review the financial results for the quarter, highlights from the full year, then I'll spend some time discussing our forward outlook. Starting with Slide 2, our fourth quarter 2013 results are shown on an as-reported net operational basis. Fourth quarter operational earnings per share were $1 in 2013 compared to $1.72 in 2012. The decline was largely due to the income tax benefits recorded in the prior period. There were other largely offsetting items, which I'll discuss momentarily. Operational earnings excluded special items from the ITC transaction, the Vermont Yankee closure decision and HCM implementation. Regarding HCM, the net charge was $60 million on a pretax basis. This included about $110 million from pretax expenses, net of approximately $50 million from regulatory assets. Turning to operational results by segment on Slide 3. Earnings per share at the Utility and Parent & Other decreased, while EWC results were higher. Starting with Utility, operational earnings per share were $0.86. This was lower than the $1.63 earned in fourth quarter of 2012. As expected, income tax expense was a driver, due to the prior period benefit. Recall, in fourth quarter 2012, income tax expense was reduced approximately $155 million as a result of an IRS settlement. Partially offsetting in 2013 result was an approximately $0.08 per share of income tax benefit, including the reversal of previously accrued interest after resolving an IRS audit. Utility also saw strong results in net revenue. We talked about pricing factors throughout the year. The benefits from conducted 2012 investments were realized in 2013 results. Utility retail sales were also higher this quarter, on both an as-reported and a weather-adjusted basis. Weather-adjusted sales increased 1.5% quarter-over-quarter driven by strong industrial growth, which is 3.2% higher than the fourth quarter of 2012 period. The increased sales came largely from existing refining chemicals and small industrial customers, and very little was a direct result of expansion. Generally improving economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad, bolstered by the persistent strong spreads between natural gas and oil as well as U.S. gas to global gas, helped drive the industrial customer performance. Although weather in the fourth quarter was helpful, residential sales continued to reflect challenges from uneven regional economic growth and a continued emphasis on energy efficiency and [indiscernible] management program. Now let's quickly cover Parent & Other. P&O had an operational loss of $0.34 per share compared to a loss of $0.24 per share in the same quarter last year. The decline results from tax on the sale of EWC's District Energy business being recognized as a tax-paying entity, which is in Parent & Other. At EWC, operational earnings were $0.48 per share, higher than the $0.33 in the prior period. Outside of EBITDA, the increase was due largely to changes in consolidated tax benefits and realized gains from routine rebalancing of the decommissioning trust fund. Turning to EWC EBITDA drivers on Slide 4. $28 million decrease was due to several factors, some of which offset. First, we closed on the District Energy sale for a $44 million pretax gain. Next, we recognized a mark-to-market loss of approximately $45 million due to rising prices. Nuclear volumes improved, while all -- overall prices were largely flat. O&M was also higher due primarily to compensation and benefits drivers such as pension and an adjustment of fourth quarter 2012 following resolution of litigation on spent fuel. Regarding the mark-to-market recognition, as you know, we have a comprehensive hedging strategy to manage commodity, operational and liquidity risks while providing asymmetrical upside opportunity and downside protection. During December, forward prices moved above our protective call strike. And with better visibility of operational and liquidity risks, we made forward sales against those options, locking in incremental margin for early 2014. Unlike the majority of our commercial activity that is accounted for under hedge accounting, when we hedge our hedge, these forward sales do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Market prices continued to increase after the forward sales were completed, which drove the negative mark. When these positions settle in the first quarter, we'll realize both the reversal of this mark-to-market loss as well as the locked-in margins on these transactions. At the end of the day, our activities have been consistent with the hedging strategy we've talked about for the past several years. The only difference is the late 2013 increase in market prices, which highlights the option value inherent to the EWC business and our ability to capture it through our hedging strategy while still managing risk. Moving to operating cash flow on Slide 5. OCF was $990 million in the current quarter, $270 million higher than 2012. The increase reflected higher utility net revenue, lower spending on nuclear refueling outages and lower storm spending. On the flip side, higher pension funding partially offset the increases. Now I'll review highlights from the full year results starting on Slide 6. On an operational basis, as we have said, 2013 earnings per share ended the year at $5.36, down from $6.23. The year-over-year drivers are similar to our quarterly discussion. The largest driver was income tax expense, especially at the utility, in 2012 and partially offset by customer sharing. In 2013, we also saw an increase in Utility net revenue. A portion of the net revenue increase was to recover higher operating expenses. On Slide 7, the EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA declined year-over-year due mainly to higher nonfuel O&M. Again, the gain on the sale of District Energy was largely offset by the mark-to-market recognition. Our year-on-year operating cash flow is summarized on Slide 8. OCF was about $3.2 billion in 2013, up approximately $250 million. Full year drivers were similar to the quarter. In addition, receipt of proceeds from spent fuel litigation and higher income tax payments were also factors for the full year. Moving away from results, I'll now turn to our forward-looking financial update, starting on Slide 9. Keeping with past practice, we updated a few line items from the guidance table for late 2013 variances, including final results, weather, the District Energy sale and Utility income taxes. We have affirmed our operational earnings guidance range, but things have changed since we initiated in October. This year, the final pension and OPEB discount rates are higher than the 4.75% previously assumed. Pension expense will be lower, resulting in a benefit of $0.09 per share relative to the guidance assumption. Also, as of December 31, average revenue in 2013 for EWC's nuclear fleet has increased to approximately $55 per megawatt-hour, $4 higher than assumed in guidance. This $4 does not include the turnaround of the fourth quarter mark-to-market recognition. Offsetting, we're seeing headwinds to our capacity price assumptions. Our current full year estimate for the new LHV zone is now lower than we expected in October by a little over $1 per kW-month. You see the anticipated effect of these changes to EWC's EBITDA outlook on Slide 10. We also recently identified additional work that must be completed during Palisades' refueling outage that will increase both the duration and cost of the outage. Also, the Arkansas rate case outcome was clearly disappointing for earnings. Overall, however, indications for the year are positive. And with current expectations, we are near the top of the range. Beyond that is our goal, and our goal is achievable. But not everything is within our control, namely weather and market prices, and there's still 11 months to go in the year. We'll be able to better assess changes to 2014 guidance range with more confidence once we are further into the year. Looking beyond 2014, we have reviewed our strategy to position Utility and EWC for potential upturn. I'd like to touch on how that strategy aligns with our financial outlook. As Leo said, one key element of our strategy is managing our cost structure. Previously, we provided a 3-year O&M outlook of 1.5% to 2.5% compound annual growth rate off of the 2013 base year, excluding [ph] VY direct costs. That is shown on Slide 11. Today, we are affirming our O&M outlook, and we'd also like to provide some additional clarification. We previously indicated that we did not expect to reach the top of the range under normal operating conditions. Assuming normal operations, we expect to be near the bottom end of our outlook. Obviously, there's still potential for variability from typical drivers or unanticipated changes, such as changes in plant operating needs or even acquisitions, which we've previously noted. For EWC, with the exception of LHV, we use market forwards. Market prices beyond 2014 have not yet moved as much with the recent cold. But our outlook remains bullish, and we note the irony between triggering the cap in the ISO New England forward capacity auction for '17 and '18 and a backwardated heat rate curve to that point. Another important component of our growth strategy is our Utility sales growth outlook. We talk a lot about the unique economic development opportunity we have in the Gulf region. To help you better understand and track this opportunity, we're providing Slide 12, which we will update periodically. As you can see, as of December 31, we had approximately 85 projects totaling 2,400 megawatts in our potential pipeline. Potential means that the project has been announced, signed or is under development with a strong possibility of being completed in our service area and served by Entergy. Some of these projects will materialize within our 3-year outlook. Some are longer term. On the 2,400 megawatts, we had signed contracts to serve over 1,000 megawatts, and just under 500 megawatts are under construction. One example of a high-potential project under contract is Sasol's planned ethane cracker. In December, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana entered into a 6-year, up to 200-megawatt electric service agreement, Power Sasol's planned ethane cracker, the fourth such agreement announced in 2013. Also, none of our potential pipeline projects have been canceled or completed since EEI. Slide 13 recaps the 3-year outlook for each of our business segments. Note that the Utility 3-year outlook of 5% to 7% is based on a 2013 estimate in November, which translates to $950 million to $1 billion of net income by 2016. And that assumes a statutory tax rate in 2016. From a financing perspective, current outlook continues to solidly support the dividend at its current $3.32 per share level. Planned investment can be funded through an estimated $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion per year operating cash flow and incremental debt capacity for the period paid [ph] earnings. Finally, investment-grade credit continues to be a priority for us. In late January, as Leo said, several of our operating companies benefited from Moody's new regulatory review and received upgrades. For productive investments, those companies should have improved access to capital at attractive terms that will benefit customers. Executing on our strategy to achieve or even surpass our 3-year outlook will enable us to maintain solid credit metrics and continue to provide a competitive return of capital to our owners. And now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first, just going back to the rate case strategy, you've talked about -- a lot about load growth here. You've also alluded to O&M inflation. Could you perhaps just talk Arkansas, Mississippi, just rate case filings expectations over the next couple of years and the ability to hit the 5% to 7%? What are you thinking right now in terms of going back in, rehearings, et cetera? If you could kind of delineate that.
Leo P. Denault: Theo, you...
Theodore H. Bunting: I'll start. This is Theo. I'll start with Arkansas. I mean, obviously, we've made a filing for our petition for rehearing, and we'll see how that goes. And that will obviously inform us in terms of what we do going forward. In Mississippi, we're still evaluating whether we need to file a rate case. But the -- we do know that 2013 test year for our fee filing is suspended. And if we do file a case, it'll be to prepare Entergy Mississippi for a post-System Agreement timing and also to move some of our power management riders that we recover certain costs around -- capacity costs around plants today into base rates. We also had a depreciation rate filing that we did or studied. I believe that was done in 2011. That could be operated in a rate case in Mississippi. But I think also, it will allow us the opportunity to explore some alternatives to unknown and measurable changes that could occur during a rate effective period, as Leo talked about in his opening comments. As you go forward, obviously, whether we file additional rate cases will be impacted by a couple of things you mentioned: where we see ourselves in terms of sales growth; the bearish regulatory mechanisms we have in play within some of these jurisdictions that might allow us to change the dollars we're recovering without necessarily filing a base rate case, for instance in Texas, where have rider opportunities. We have rider opportunities in other jurisdictions as well, Louisiana and the case I just mentioned, Mississippi. In certain cases, you can get recovery through riders, primarily around capacity, without filing base rate cases. As to where we go past the case that I just discussed, that'll have a lot to do with the cost structure, with sales growth, with the investment opportunities that we have overall and the mechanisms that are in play that will allow us to recover that without necessarily having to make a base rate case filing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And I suppose just following up on the ITC deal a little bit here, just thinking about ability to reinvest in the system, specifically on transmission. I'd be curious, is there an ability to ramp up spending there? Is this more about a wait-and-see in terms of what MISO opportunities might be forthcoming? Can you perhaps give us a little bit more context for what that opportunity might be, if it exists?
Leo P. Denault: Julien, the -- where our transmission is today, we do have in -- as we said, over the next 3 years, $1.7 billion in our plan for transmission expenditures. As I mentioned in my comments, there are several things out there that could increase that if there are projects that are beneficial to customers that reduce congestion, that improve reliability, that provide access to generation within the MISO equipment, et cetera, or they -- any PMBP projects that would be out there, part of the Order 1000. So there are things out there just in the system as it stands. The other aspect is, as we start to get more line of sight on this economic development front, certainly if 2,400 megawatts show up or more, that's just what's been announced to date, and there's nothing in the commodity strips that would lead you to believe that, that renaissance is over, that's going to provide a situation where there might be more transmission investment as well if you start adding -- like the Sasol example that Drew gave us, 200 megawatts in one facility. Those sorts of things are going to have an impact. So there is the opportunity for that transmission investment to be larger if there are things that we can do to benefit customers or to hook up new customers. And it would appear that the market is ripe to have some of that happen, but it's a little early to tell right now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of somewhat unrelated questions. On the impacts that have been -- increased the expectations for 2014 EPS to the top end of the range, I think you mentioned pension was a $0.09 positive, and the -- and then the -- it appeared that a significant driver was higher expected prices at the nuclear fleet, the EWC nuclear fleet. Did you quantify that? Or did I miss that?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, I think, Kit, if you look at the slide that shows the EBITDA for EWC, you could see where most of that is, particularly if you compare to kind of the last update we gave last quarter with the same slide. And so it's up considerably. And eyeballing it, $150 million, $175 million.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: $150 million, $175 million. And this is due to just higher prices as a result of higher gas prices and cold weather and generally the '14 commodity prices being very robust recently?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, and part of it is what we've seen very recently. There's still a good bit of it that is still to come. This is a mark of current expectations using forward prices as of December 31st. And so this includes -- at that point, it included the entire year of forward prices. So we -- obviously, we experienced some of that in January. Some of that has been realized early this month. But then, we have the full year still ahead of us.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. And then, to switch to your discussion of strategic outlook for the nuclear plants in EWC, it sounds as though there's a little bit of a change in tone, whereas previously, I think, for example, at EAI, you had said that if you own ETR, you should expect to own Indian Point. Now if you -- sounds like if you own ETR, you should expect to own all the currently held nuclear plants, with the exception of Vermont Yankee, obviously. What's been the change there? Was that the capacity pricing in New England that really made the difference? Or am I seeing a change where there really hasn't been one?
Leo P. Denault: No, I think you're seeing a change, Kit. You could  [indiscernible] anything to do with the near-term pricing. It's really a function of -- we've been telling you for a while that we are exploring opportunities, and in the exploration of those opportunities, we didn't find anything that we liked, and we like owning them better. And so that's where we are at this point. Then we still own Vermont Yankee also. I mean, we'll continue to open it, even when it's being decommissioned. So there is a change. We still believe that the separation of the risks would make sense, but we also believe in creating value. And if we can't do it without the right amount of value, then we're going to continue to hold those ransom [ph]. As you say, our strategy is to preserve optionality in those plants, and we do that operating and through our hedging strategy and through the licensing process, I mean, obviously, to manage the risk as best we can. So you did pick up on a change.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on Julien's question on transmission. And Leo, you talked about a couple of categories of potential spend over time. Could you talk a little bit to the process at MISO and just what we should be looking for or thinking about in terms of, for example, as customers start to show up as MISO continues its planning, how we should expect to start to see some of the these plans sort of come forward in terms of further spending on transmission?
Leo P. Denault: Well, the majority of it is going to be -- is what's in our base plan. And then the next layers of it will be what comes about through just normal business. It's just such that our normal business includes some significant potential load, as it were. It's if they're industrial customers as opposed to the residential customers and industrial customers of size. So a lot of that, while it's in MISO and there's a planning process when it becomes part of the plan, it's not -- in the realm of outcome, I don't think it's significantly different than what we have in general and have traditionally had. We just might have an opportunity bigger than the $1.7 billion. And then, as it relates to the process, once we start to move in over the next few years with the Multi-Value Projects, NEP projects, the more FERC Order 1000 things, then we'll have to compete in that arena, and we would expect so to do so and to be successful.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And I wanted to shift gears over to Indian Point. You had, on Slide 28, given an update on the status. I wondered, on the Coastal Zone Management paths, if you could just speak to next steps we should be looking for. You gave an update on sort of all 3 elements of the coastal zone process, but I wondered if you could just give us a sense for what -- next steps on those different paths.
Leo P. Denault: Yes. Stephen, a couple of things here. So first is the consistency filing itself, well, has been extended to the end of 2014. That's simply due to the need for the parties to work together, share more information, further vet issues. So we really -- so that was previously set for March and was moved back to the end of the year. As it relates to our other option on grandfathering, I think you're well aware of the fact we lost the initial decision on that. We are in the process of appealing that decision to the state courts. And we may have further appeals depending on the outcome of that case. That will probably take us through the end of 2014 as well. And then, of course, we have the previous review argument, which is kind of held in the background as another option that the NRC has not yet ruled on and is also being considered by the state of New York. So we think, through all these various processes, that this will go on for a period of time. And eventually, we plan to be successful with it, but obviously, a lot of uncertainty now with the various cases that are ongoing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: A couple of questions. On the EWC outlook, it looked like '15, '16 was a little lower if I -- kind of my ruler was correct, than at EAI. Is that just updating this New York capacity assumption?
Andrew S. Marsh: That's certainly in there, Steven. Yes, it's -- yes, I don't know that we're as precise with rulers, but yes, it's -- that's baked in there. That's part of it.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So it's -- I mean, it's about flattish, I guess, overall. So it's not that [indiscernible].
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, I mean, I would -- that's the way I would describe it. I mean, we haven't seen the energy markets really move upward in any material fashion since then, a little bit in '15. But the capacity prices has clearly, like we've said, been offsetting.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, because the '15, '16 kind of switched a little bit. '16 looks like it's stepping down a little bit. I assume that's the capacity, and the energy has moved, okay. And on your utility sales growth and the -- all this new industrial load and potential, can -- I know you've probably answered this, but just how can we track what is in your forecast and what is not? And if you do better in terms of getting more load and customers, is that something that definitely benefits the bottom line? Or is there like a lag issue in terms of spending money to serve it? Just how should we think about kind of when you update this? What's in there? What's not? And is doing better just definitely an upside?
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, Steve, this is Theo. I think when you think about what's in it, what's was not, primarily -- I think did talk about this a little bit at EEI, if I recall. What's in and in the forecast is basically the things that we felt had a clear line of sight on, felt good about at that time, which primarily are things we've had signed agreements or arrangements in place or was very clear we were going to have such an arrangement. So that's what you have in the forecast. As we move forward, you see on Drew's slide, and I believe this is on Page 12, contracts signed. A lot of that will show up in that particular category. And basically, I believe maybe about 1/3 of that maybe shows up through 2016. So there's still amounts post the years 2016. So I think that's how you think about it. In terms of how it affects the bottom line, obviously, as the sales take place, depending on where you are within a process of your various regulatory mechanisms in those jurisdictions, will inform as to the impacts those will have. If there is investment associated with it, as Leo talked about, the transmission opportunity, obviously that investment would be incorporated, and you would have the sales, you would have the cost. As rates get reset, obviously the sales become a part of your revenue requirements, the costs become a part of your investment. And the investment, obviously, and the returns on it flow to the bottom line. The sales get -- become a part of that process of resetting rates
Leo P. Denault: Steve, this is Leo. Just to kind of add to that, if you think about it, for the near term in particular, it would primarily be transmission investment. To the extent these are large loads, you would anticipate that the sales level would be significant enough to make it positive to the bottom line, even though there could be some lag in the recovery of the transmission investment. In the areas where you've got FRPs, you're going to have some catch-up in the next year. And then in the case of Texas, for example, you've got the transmission rider, which could help in some respects. But we're trying to put the regulatory mechanisms in place to mitigate any lag. But at the same point in time, the size of these could make a big difference in how this turns out as well.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So just one other clarification. If you announce another kind of new customer contract, let's say tomorrow, that could be already in your backlog? It's not necessarily incremental? Like not all these have already been announced?
Andrew S. Marsh: That's correct. Yes, so that would move something from the potential pipeline maybe into the contracts signed line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: The expectations for the new capacity zone in New York, I was wondering if you could just sort of give us a little bit more flavor as to what they might be. And the impact of Danskammer, if it's there or not there, do you guys have any sense -- sensitivity about that? Or any sense you could tell us about that?
William M. Mohl: Sure. This is Bill. As it relates to -- I think Drew mentioned in his script that as it relates to Lower Hudson Valley zone, we saw a decrease there from the plan that we had announced last fall probably a little over $1 a kW-month for LHV. We've seen -- our point of view for the rest of the state perhaps increased a little bit. So if you think about it in doing your analytics, you might want to think about it as right now, we're at probably a $2 a kW-month uplift for all of our New York ISO capacity, whereas previously, we had indicated a $3 a kW-month uplift for the LHV zone itself. Right now, that estimate does not assume that Danskammer is in service for this summer. My understanding of that right now is that, that is a issue which will be evaluated in March of this year, and we will know better then as to whether or not that is -- that plant will be able to operate and qualify as capacity for that zone.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And any sense as to what that would be if they -- if it does show up?
William M. Mohl: I do not have that at this point in time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Okay, great. And then just finally, with the mark-to-market loss reversal, I thought the explanation was really great. I just wasn't clear on the quantitative impact that, that had in terms of the impact for 2014 versus 2013 as a result of it.
Andrew S. Marsh: Okay. So the mark-to-market loss in '13 was around $45 million pretax. And then we would see that uplift in '14. So in that -- it's in that EBITDA number that you're seeing in that chart on EWC.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And so that's not going to be there probably in 2015? So that's probably part of the reason why it goes down as well then?
Andrew S. Marsh: That's correct. That's correct. And actually, some of it's at VY as well. That's -- for some of the hedges there. So that's one of the reasons why VY looks much larger than expected.
Operator: Our your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions, a little bit unrelated to each other here. First, residential demand. As I understand it, you get a lot more of your Utility margin from the residential and small commercial customers than you do on the industrial side. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in residential demand? I mean, it's lagged industrial significantly. The major start-ups you're seeing in your service territory would imply a growth in job levels and improvement in unemployment rates, but it doesn't seem to be reflected in residential load levels.
Leo P. Denault: Theo?
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure. Mike, I think what you're seeing, I would believe, would be consistent with what you're seeing with other companies across the country. You're starting to see the effects of energy efficiency. And I think as we started the year of 2013 on our first call, we talked about our views of the impacts of that. And we would expect to see residential sales growth tempered. And, as you can see from our results for the year, they were actually slightly down a little bit. That's not inconsistent with our expectations. I will say the degree of which it's down is probably maybe a little more than we had expected, but not much. As it relates to kind of the economic change, I think what you see, obviously, is a net effect. We do see -- still see positive customer growth if you look at our customer count numbers. But what you're starting to see, again, I think, is a phenomenon that you see across the industry, which is usage per customer is going down. So while I don't -- I think that you are seeing some positive economic effects through actual increase in customer counts, energy efficiency, obviously, is having an impact on what you would see incrementally relative to those increased customer counts.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the utility margin, meaning how much as a percent of total comes from the 3 big customer classes? Just trying to kind of, I don't know, get my arms around demand levels, customer growth and megawatt levels on the industrial customer side versus what's happening -- actually happening to the Entergy Utility's margins.
Theodore H. Bunting: Just in ballpark numbers, I think what you see, residential maybe is maybe even larger, around a $0.04 or so; commercial is $0.03; and maybe industrial, maybe somewhere around $0.02, generally speaking.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. Drew, a question for you just real quick. On cash versus GAAP taxes, what do you expect to be in the way of a cash taxpayer over the next few years? What's embedded in 2014 guidance?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, we haven't -- from a guidance perspective on earnings, we've put in -- I think it was about 36% for an effective tax rate. Given our NOL position, we would expect our cash tax rate to be lower than that, but we haven't put any guidance out for that specifically.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Materially lower? Like do you -- would expect to be a cash taxpayer? Or are you likely in non-cash tax paying status for a few years?
Andrew S. Marsh: I wouldn't say we're in noncash tax paying status because we actually make deposits and those types of things as we go forward. So we will be paying some taxes, but it will be materially lower, I would expect, to the effective tax rate, at least for '14.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And how big is the NOL at the end of the year?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, that will be out in the K. Right now, I think it was at -- as of last year, it was still around a little over $12 billion. Most of that was tied up in the decommissioning election of cost of goods sold. About 3/4 of it was there.
Operator: Our your next question comes from Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you just remind us again where the dividend policy is at? What's sort of the clean slate here?
Leo P. Denault: As Drew mentioned, right now, the plan we have supports the dividend policy. The board will continue to look at where we stand at the dividend, as we have always been. The dividend comes from the utility, and anything that comes out of the merchant business is distributed differently. So that strategy or that outlook hasn't changed. As we look at the dividend, we would be looking at that as we grow, as the utility grows, as we look at the overall risk profile of the company and we look at the reinvestment needs that we have based on just how quickly the utility grows and what happens with the need for capital there. If it were to be above, just for example, the 3-year plan that we have now, if the load growth shows up the way we would like it to, which would be higher than the 2% to 2.25% range, then certainly that may increase the need for capital within the utility impact. Not only earnings growth that would give us the opportunity to pay a higher dividend but also the reinvestments we need to be returning to make it. So all of that's going to go into the mix, pretty much like it always has. But the bottom line of the utility pays the dividend and the merchant business cash flow is distributed differently is still the order of the day.
Operator: And we'd like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, David. And thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 6761109. The telephone replay will be available through noon Central Time on Tuesday, February 18, 2014. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President William M. Mohl - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodity Business - Entergy Corporation Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. With respect to the planned spin-merge transaction, ITC filed a registration statement with the SEC, registering the offer and sale of the shares of ITC common stock to be issued to Entergy's shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction, and the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 25, 2013. ITC is expected to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement. In addition, on July 24, 2013, our subsidiary, Mid South TransCo LLC, filed a registration statement with the SEC, registering the offer and sell of TransCo common units to be issued to Entergy's shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. This registration statement includes a prospectus of TransCo related to the proposed transaction. Entergy also will file a tender offer statement on Schedule TO with the SEC related to a planned exchange of shares of Entergy common stock for the TransCo common units. Entergy's shareholders are urged to read the registration statements, prospectuses and other documents referenced above, when they are available, and any other relevant documents because they contain important information about ITC, TransCo and the proposed transactions. These documents and other documents related to the proposed transactions, when they are available, can be obtained free of charge from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The documents, when available, can also be obtained free of charge from Entergy, upon written request. Now, I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thanks, Paula, and good morning, everyone. I've been talking a lot lately about simplification. In my remarks, I will review major events of the past 3 months and how they relate to that objective. As I know many of you are well aware, especially given the number of other earnings calls scheduled this week, the annual Edison Electric Institute Financial Conference is just around the corner. As such, we will focus the call today on updating you on the developments in the past 3 months and defer more strategic updates to the conference. Starting with the proposed transaction to spinoff and merge the transmission business with ITC Holdings. In September, Entergy Texas and ITC refiled our application for transaction approval before the Public Utility Commission of Texas, acting on the opportunity the commissioners gave us in the August 9 open reading. The refiled application put in the record the enhanced rate mitigation plan that includes a benefits test and mitigation of 100% of the effects of the weighted average cost of capital for retail customers, as well as other testimony quantifying the benefits to customers. The Texas Commissioners agreed to hear the matter directly next month, and briefing will end in December. In Mississippi, briefing concluded at the end of September, and an order is now pending from the Commission. In Louisiana, a revised procedural schedule was set to conclude briefing on November 8. In Arkansas and New Orleans, we are working with the parties to come up with a new schedule. Efforts were temporarily suspended during the quarter until the refiling in Texas was made. And in Missouri, an order is pending. These schedules, once set in each of the jurisdictions, will provide more insight about the potential timeline for the transaction. The revised closing date in 2014 has not been settled upon. It will take at least 60 to 90 days after all regulatory approvals are received to close the transaction. Clearly, that puts any closing after December 31, after which our definitive agreement with ITC may be terminated by either party if the transaction has not been consummated. We continue to believe this strategic imperative to execute on the ITC transaction will result in optimal value for all stakeholders. While our operating companies are fully capable to own and operate the transmission system, we know ITC's independence, broader regional planning and sole focus will improve the reliability of the grid, reduce congestion, attract new generating resources other companies may be hesitant to build today and provide our transmission employees better opportunities for their future. These benefits will ultimately lead to lower delivered energy cost for our customers and our communities, promoting the economic good and helping to attract new businesses and industries to our region. Under the proposed rate mitigation plan, the risk of delivering on these economic and operational benefits rests with the Entergy operating company and ITC. That said, we know clarity on the future direction of our transmission system is needed for everyone, and we are committed to that clarity by early next year at the latest. Another key element in the simplification effort is to resolve ongoing rate proceedings in all of our retail jurisdictions. Rate cases are a basic part of our business, but we know the number of outstanding cases at one time creates uncertainty for all of you. We received 2 orders in August, one in Mississippi and one in New Orleans, on formula rate plan filings. On August 13, the Mississippi Public Service Commission unanimously approved a stipulated settlement between staff and Entergy Mississippi, resolving the 2012 test year FRP. The settlement called for a $22.3 million rate adjustment to be implemented over 9 months, starting in September. The rate change, the first in 4 years, provides funds necessary for increased reliability and capacity for economic growth. Also, in August, the City Council of New Orleans approved a black box settlement for Entergy New Orleans' 2011 test year FRP filing. Under the approved settlement, electric rates will decrease by $1.6 million relative to pre-October 2012 rates. There was no change in gas rates. This marks the fifth electric indoor gas rate decrease in the last 5 years. The next step in New Orleans is likely a base rate case filing in mid-2014. However, we intend to discuss with the Council and their advisors' various rate-making alternatives to a full base rate case. Last month's planned rate case filing was temporarily delayed to allow time for such alternatives to be explored and discussed. Next, in Arkansas. A final decision in the Entergy Arkansas rate case is expected by year end from the Arkansas Public Service Commission. Entergy Arkansas' most recent filing in the scenario of joining the Midcontinent Independent System Operator only reflected a $145 million base rate increase at a 10.4% ROE. About $49 million of the increase in base rates is a transfer of revenue already being recovered through riders that will terminate. Regarding pending rate cases before the Louisiana Public Service Commission, we expect resolution by May of 2014. As a reminder, filings made in February requested base rate increases for the MISO-only scenario of $144 million for Entergy Louisiana and $24 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, both cases reflected a 10.4% ROE. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana have agreed to delay testimony in both cases until later in November and early December, respectively, in order to continue to explore settlement options. And in the case of Entergy Louisiana's Algiers rate case before the City Council, the advisors will file testimony in November. The final decision is expected by second quarter 2014. Recall, Entergy Louisiana requested a $13 million base rate increase to be implemented over 3 years in a 10.4% ROE. This would be the first rate change in 12 years for the roughly 22,000 Entergy Louisiana customers located in the city of New Orleans and regulated by the city council. This past quarter, in Texas, Entergy Texas filed a request for a $38.6 million base rate increase, excluding new riders, and a 10.4% ROE. The test year in the 2013 rate case includes the majority of the third-party capacity cost disallowed in the 2011 rate case. In addition, through a special circumstances request in the fuel and purchase power reconciliation, Entergy Texas is requesting recovery of approximately $21.5 million in capacity costs incurred from July 2011 through March 2013 not previously recovered in base rates. If approved, new rates go into effect as early as April of 2014. Successfully clearing the decks of the majority of these rate cases by early next year is a key part of the simplification effort underway. The System Agreement is another area of complexity for all of us. Entergy Arkansas' participation will terminate in December, on the same day we plan to begin operating in MISO, followed by EMI's exit in November of 2015. Earlier this month, on October 18, Entergy Texas provided its notice to terminate its participation in the System Agreement, including filing it with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Prior to that, on October 11, Entergy Services filed with FERC a change to the System Agreement exit notice provision to 60 months from 96 months. FERC acceptance of the change in the notice period is required for it to become effective. The FERC filing contemplates that the 60-month notice period will apply to ETI. Similarly, Entergy Texas' notice contemplates that it will be governed by the 60-month notice period or such other period, as approved by FERC. The proposed amendment in ETI's termination notice are without prejudice to continuing efforts among affected operating companies and their retail regulators, the search for a consensual means of allowing ETI an early exit from the System Agreement, which could be different from that proposed in the October 11 FERC filing. Given that after the Entergy Texas exit, there will be only the 3 Louisiana-based operating companies remaining, it is reasonable to question whether the System Agreement should remain in place. The interpretation of the System Agreement has been a constant source of litigation and complexity over the last 30 years. Addressing this will simplify and eliminate the uncertainty it has created for us, as well as all of you. Turning to EWC. Improving results is a strategic imperative we have discussed throughout the year. Last quarter marks 2 steps in that ongoing effort. First, in August, Entergy signed agreements to sell Entergy Solutions District Energy to Brookfield Infrastructure for approximately $130 million. This is a small business you may not have even known we had. The book value was approximately $100 million at September 30. It provides chilled water and steam to customers in Houston and New Orleans, a solid business with growth opportunities better suited in a larger portfolio that can capitalize on those opportunities for customers and our employees. Closing is expected by the fourth quarter. Also, in August, we announced the decision to close the Vermont Yankee nuclear plant at the end of its current operating cycle. I can tell you, the Board of Directors and the executive management team thoroughly reviewed all alternatives in coming to this difficult decision. The employees at the plant operated at world-class levels. In the decade of our ownership, Vermont Yankee has averaged in the 92.4% capacity factor. And it is currently in its fourth breaker-to-breaker run in that 10-year period. While the plant had its opponents, we know the closure will be devastating to the community, including millions of dollars in taxes and other payments annually. I want to personally thank all those who have stood by our side over the years. Operating through fourth quarter next year allows the immensely talented, dedicated and loyal Vermont Yankee workforce the best opportunity to plan their future. It allows the communities to be begin planning for a future without Vermont Yankee as an operating asset, and allows us to plan for an orderly shutdown and decommissioning process. Shortly after announcing the decision to close VY, we amended our certificate of public bid application to operate through December 31, 2014. The CPG decision is now pending before the Vermont Public Service Board. Another area of uncertainty that is likely to continue for some time is the license renewal at Indian Point. Unit 2 entered the period of extended operations at midnight on September 28 and continued operating under the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's timely renewal provision. Indian Point filed a timely application in 2007, and as such, is authorized to continue operating while license renewal matters remain pending. The same will be true for Unit 3 after December 2015 if license renewal is still pending at that time, as we expect. Given the number of issues and parties involved, we currently project final resolution of Indian Point's license renewal application to take into 2018. Indian Point continues to be a vital component of the region's power supply, and we are committed to its continued and safe operation. We continue to believe it meets all the requirements for a renewed operating license. Today, Indian Point is necessary to meet the reliability needs of the grid. That was only further evidenced by FERC's approval of the new Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone in August. We continue to expect implementation of that zone by April of next year. Given the importance of Indian Point to New York, we understand the need for contingency planning to take prudent utility practice. We also agree with the state's priorities for grid reliability, clean environment, low-cost energy, local economic prosperity and the critical importance of safety and security of the plant. In our view, Indian Point is the best answer to meet all of those needs. We also know there are other opinions. For those seeking Indian Point's early retirement, we believe the best course of action is to find common resolution, given the benefits the plant provides. The final topic I wanted to cover this morning is an update on our strategic imperative to optimize through human capital management or what we call HCM. After completing a redesign of our company in July, efforts immediately returns to restaffing the organization to fit the required needs and skill sets. We are over 2/3 of the way through this restaffing process, and we'll complete it by year end. This process is providing many employees opportunities to expand their knowledge, skills and experience. Overall, however, we expect to eliminate approximately 800 positions, the majority by the end of the year. Job reductions are a difficult but necessary result of a restructured design to make the long-term fundamental improvements needed for the business that support adapting to the changing needs of the industry, maintaining reasonable rates at the utility to benefit the existing customers directly and indirectly by attracting new customers to the region and improving financial results at EWC for plants that are challenged in the current low-commodity price environment. Next year, we will be fully engaged in making the new organization vision a reality. Given the progress to date, we project savings, both O&M and capital, in the $200 million range in 2014. These savings estimates are incorporated in the 2014 earnings guidance initiated today, the details of which we will review in a moment. We remain on track to get the full run rate of $200 million to $250 million in savings by 2016, and the total estimated cost to achieve these savings remains in the $145 million to $185 million range. In closing, I know it's not news to any of you that we have a number of strategic imperatives underway enterprise-wide to address the challenges and opportunities facing us, some of which have been under development for years, like joining MISO, an imperative I didn't go through in detail today. Regarding MISO, we believe we remain on track to begin operating in MISO on December 19, which we estimate will produce $1.4 billion in customer savings in the first decade. These imperatives are the right thing to do. Simply put, they are geared to improve cash flows and reduce risk. Success will benefit all stakeholders, whose futures are linked. For our owners, resolution of the current initiatives will help to clarify the future state and earnings and cash return opportunities and potential for both the utility and EWC businesses, reducing the range of uncertainty, operating more efficiently, reducing uncompensated risk and maintaining financial strength that supports continued, safe, secure and reliable electric and gas services at reasonable cost for our retail and wholesale customers. Reliably delivered and reasonably priced electricity and gas helps to retain existing businesses and attracts new ones to our communities. This is particularly true in our utility service territory today. The difference in worldwide oil and natural gas prices, as well as other regional advantages, has led to a window of opportunity. There is now a $65 billion-plus economic development pipeline of industrial projects in our 4-state region. Helping to bring economic development to our Gulf Region creates a multiplier effect with benefits to our communities. In addition, financial strength enables us to continue to provide philanthropy, volunteerism and advocacy in the communities we serve. And for employees, working for a solid company offers better financial security to them and their families, facilitates a productive day-to-day work environment and offers career advancement opportunities. That is the mission of Entergy, to create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders, closing out strategic imperatives and simplifying our business to help us in that regard. We've made some progress, but more work is to be done. And now I'll turn the call over to Drew.
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover financial results for the quarter, 2014 earnings guidance and other forward-looking financial updates, starting with the quarterly financial results. Slide 2 summarizes third quarter 2013 results on an as-reported and on operational basis. Operational earnings per share were $2.41 versus $1.95 a year ago. Third quarter as-reported earnings in both periods included special items for expenses associated with the decision to close Vermont Yankee and implementation of the human capital management imperative in 2013, as well as the spin-merge of the transmission business with ITC in both 2012 and 2013. The decision to close Vermont Yankee in third quarter 2013 resulted in a noncash impairment of the carrying values of VY and related assets to the fair value of $62 million, as well as other related charges, including the effect of capital spending not chargeable to expense because of the plant's shortened life. Going forward, we'll continue to classify VY's capital spending as operating expense and it will be reported as part of the asset impairment and related charges line item. And we will include this expense, as well as any VY severance and retention expenses as special items this year and next. Slide 3 summarizes operational earnings per share by business segment, including major drivers of period-over-period variances. Third quarter operational earnings per share were higher than the same quarter last year. Results at Utility and Parent & Other increased, while EWC results declined. Utility operational earnings were $2.04 per share, which is higher than $1.72 earned in the third quarter of last year. The overall increase was driven by higher net revenue and a lower effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher nonfuel O&M and higher depreciation expense. Utility net revenue increased due to price and volume factors. As we've noted in previous quarters, pricing adjustments included regulatory actions for productive generation investments placed in service in 2012. These investments benefit customers through improved operational efficiency in a favorable environmental profile. On a weather-adjusted basis, billed retail sales increased quarter-over-quarter. The increase was driven by growth in the industrial customer class, which was 2.7% higher than the same quarter a year ago. Industrial sales increase was due primarily to growth in the chemicals and refining segments. The majority of the increase in the chemicals segment was from chlor-alkali facilities as temporary weakness this past spring abated. In part due to stronger global economic growth and in part due to demand pull from the improving real estate and auto sectors. The refining segment also benefited from an increase in exports. Residential and commercial sales results from the quarter, reflect continued challenges from sluggish regional economic growth, increasing emphasis on energy efficiency and demand side management programs. Moving away from the top line, the effective income tax rate for the utility was lower in the quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago. In the current period, we had favorable settlements from state income tax audits. This resulted in the reversal of previously recorded expense. Partially offsetting the overall utility operational earnings increase were higher nonfuel operation and maintenance and depreciation expenses. A portion of these expenses reflected investments placed in service in 2012 and were offset in net revenues. Other drivers contributed to the expense increases as well. Detail is provided in the Utilities section in Appendix B of our earnings release. Before I move to EWC, I'll briefly discuss Parent & Other, which had an operational loss of $0.09 per share compared to a loss of $0.26 per share in the same quarter last year. The quarter-over-quarter improvement was driven by lower income tax expense, due primarily to the planned utilization of Parent's net operating loss. The EWC operational earnings were $0.46 per share, lower than the $0.49 per share in the third quarter last year. The period-over-period decline was due partly to lower operational adjusted EBITDA, which I'll review shortly. EWC results also reflected higher depreciation expense due to an item recorded in the prior period. The overall earnings decrease was partially offset by a lower effective income tax rate on operational earnings. EWC's effective income tax rate reflects a resolution of the tax issue in the third quarter. Slide 4 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of the current and prior year years. The $20 million decrease was due primarily to higher nonfuel O&M expense, driven largely by increased pension expense. EWC's net revenue was flat quarter-over-quarter. The effects of higher-capacity pricing offset other factors, including lower energy pricing. Slide 5 summarizes our operating cash flow performance. Operating cash flow was just under $1.1 billion for the quarter, $52 million higher than the same period a year ago. There were both positive and negative drivers. One example on the positive side, EAI received approximately $38 million from the Department of Energy for damages in our spent nuclear fuel disposal case. The overall increase is partially offset by higher income tax payments. Moving away from the quarterly results, as part of today's release, we are providing forward-looking financial updates. Today's updates include 2014 operational earnings guidance, our nonfuel O&M outlook, and the preliminary 3-year capital plan. You should note that our forward-looking financial updates reflect our business as it stands today. They do not reflect the proposed spinoff and merger with ITC, which we continue to believe is in the best interest of all our stakeholders. Slide 6 summarizes the 2014 operational earnings guidance. We are initiating [ph] today at $4.60 to $5.40 per share. I would like to highlight a few items, beginning with the 2013 starting point. Business segment guidance midpoints have been adjusted, consistent with current indications. The adjustment is net to 0 on a consolidated basis. Now let's turn to 2014. Utility's 2014 operational earnings guidance midpoint is $5.20 per share, $0.60 higher than the 2013 guidance midpoint. Utility's 2014 guidance midpoint is consistent with the previous 5-year financial outlook, a 6% compound annual growth rate on net income from 2009 through 2014. Among the drivers, 2014 reflects significant progress on our human capital management imperative or HCM. As Leo mentioned, we are estimating total savings of approximately $200 million in 2014. Our current 2014 estimate reflects approximately $180 million in O&M savings with the balance going to capital. The O&M portion is expected to be realized approximately $125 million at Utility and approximately $55 million at EWC. For the Utility, HCM savings affects 2 line items in our guidance table. Obviously, it will reduce nonfuel O&M and also reduces net revenue to the extent projected savings flow-through rates to benefit our customers. Utility net revenue assumptions for 2014 also reflect the conclusion of current rate proceedings. We currently have 5 base rate proceedings in process as well as other requests for riders to recover specific costs, such as MISO expenses. In addition, Utility net revenue reflects approximately 1.9% retail sales growth, driven largely by strong growth in the industrial customer class, including planned expansions. This reflects chlor-alkali and steel mill expansions expected to come online beginning in the fourth quarter of 2013 and refinery expansion coming online in mid-2014. Sales growth, excluding the effects of industrial expansions, is anticipated to be approximately 0.6%, including our expectation of renewed growth in the residential class. We talked about the significant economic development activities within our service area. In fact, just last week, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana announced another contract to provide up to 30 megawatts of power for at least 10 years to Methanex's new methanol facility in Geismar. Our 2014 guidance reflects industrial growth that is well within our line of sight. Finally, the Utility midpoint reflects an approximate 33% effective income tax rate in 2014. But calculating the effective income tax rate at Utility, note that the dividend income of the Utility preferred [ph] is nontaxable, provided the structural reduction as illustrated in the 10-K. Considering that effect, we have an approximate 36% effective tax rate from expected income tax benefits included in our guidance. Now let's turn to EWC. EWC's 2014 operational earnings guidance midpoint is $0.85 per share, which also reflects savings from HCM, as I mentioned earlier. EWC's net revenue includes an assumption from improved capacity pricing from a new Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone. The guidance midpoint assumes up the [ph] relative to rest of state associated with the LHV capacity zone of approximately $3 per kW a month on an annualized basis. The uplift assumption represents our risk-weighted point of view, reflecting different scenarios that consider potential outcomes of various factors, including reference unit technology, demand curve's 0 crossing point, vocational capacity requirements and the potential for various mitigation outcomes. As you know, it is not our practice to incorporate our point of view into our forward-looking disclosures. However, given the significance of the change, the near-term timing of the implementation and the lack of market information, we decided that it would be appropriate to incorporate a price fee for LHV. We will revert to using forward markets prices in our forward-looking statements once the market more fully forms up. Another key driver in EWC at 2014 guidance is depreciation expense, which is approximately -- which is higher by approximately $0.25 per share and reflects a few considerations. For Vermont Yankee, the decision to shutdown the plant earlier than previously expected results in higher year-over-year depreciation for that plant of $0.04 per share in 2014. Growing depreciable plant balances associated with capital investment also contributes to higher depreciation expense. And finally, one thing that may not have been on your radar, we periodically conduct depreciation rate studies. The year-over-year change reflects the estimated effects of revised depreciation rates based on a new depreciation rate study. In 2014, this expected change accounts for approximately 2/3 of the total year-over-year change or about $0.17 per share. We will continue -- and will continue in future years. Keep in mind that the change in depreciation expenses does not affect EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA. Before leaving this slide, there are a few general assumptions I'd like to mention. First, the consolidated 2014 guidance reflects an approximate 36% effective income tax rate. Next, the 2014 midpoint also assumes the pension discount rate of 4.75% compared to 4.36% in 2013. The final pension expense for 2014 will be based on interest rates, market results and other assumptions that will not be available until early next year. Finally, Section 6 of our earnings release, where we outline 2014 earnings guidance, includes additional details on key assumptions as well as earnings sensitivities for 2014. Today, we're also updating our nonfuel O&M outlook. As you can see on Slide 7, we are estimating total operational nonfuel O&M, including refueling outage expense, to be approximately $3.5 billion in 2013 and $3.35 billion for 2014. These estimates include Vermont Yankee expense. The amount of VY direct costs in the 2013 base year is approximately $145 million. This 2014 estimate is consistent with our 2014 guidance midpoint and reflects HCM savings, as we've previously discussed, as well as other year-over-year changes. The 3-year outlook indicates the compound annual growth rate of 0.5% to 2.5%. As you think about the current 3-year view, with VY ceasing operations by the end of 2014, the same range would apply to the 2013 base year, but excluding VY direct costs from the base year. Just a reminder, the 0.5% to 2.5% is the 3-year CAGR. Growth rates can vary from year-to-year. Consistent with past practice, we're also providing our preliminary 3-year 2014 through 2016 capital plan in Appendix E of the release. You can see on Slide 8 the preliminary plan totals $6.8 billion, roughly in line with the previous 3-year period. In closing, in a couple of weeks, we'll be at the EEI Financial Conference, and we'll have the opportunity to meet with many of you. Needless to say, we as a company and as an industry, have many topics to cover. While at EEI, we'll review some of the topics we've discussed today. Overall, we expect that -- overall, topics we expect to discuss are current initiatives such as ITC, current regulatory dockets and rate cases and our Human Capital Management program. Other subjects include: opportunities for our region's economic development pipeline, investment opportunities at Utility, efforts to improve EWC results, and any other topics of interest. We look forward to seeing you at EEI. And now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Will go first to Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My first question is on the expense outlook. So I know the guidance midpoint of $5 is unchanged from -- but the components have changed significantly. And specifically, the guidance midpoint at the beginning of the year for Parent & Other was $0.50. It's been rebased to $0.85 in the context of the current $5 guidance, and rises to $1.05 next year. Can you take us through the progression from $0.50 to $0.85 to $1.05? And then I have a follow-up.
Leo P. Denault: I'll let Drew handle that, Greg.
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, as you know, the Parent & Other is primarily comprised of interest expense and taxes. And of course, there's the affiliate preferred expenses in there as well. So that's certainly contributing as that's grown. The primary thing to think about is the tax piece of it. And particularly, as we move into 2014, we have historically used a weighted average sort of probability expectation of what our income tax is. And we place that in the Parent at the a beginning of the year, given the certainty of where it may ultimately shake out. This year, we have a better expectation of where it would probably land in that set Utility, so we've highlighted some of those Utility income tax benefits that I discussed a minute ago. That's the primary driver that you see kind of moving forward.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And my follow-up question is on the CapEx guidance. It looks to me, based on where your 2014 rate base is sort of going to end up, based on looking at your rate case filing, et cetera, that the level of CapEx spending, minus level of depreciation you played out in your slides, that the rate base growth profile looks like it's more or less the same rate, i.e., around 6%, that had it had been in the past. So assuming consistent rate treatment, wouldn't it be fair to assume that your earnings growth aspiration would be consistent with that through '16?
Leo P. Denault: You're jumping ahead of us a little bit on that, Greg, in terms of providing any kind of forward-looking outlook. We will discuss a little bit of that when we get to EEI in terms of what the opportunities are going forward and where we see the Utility. But, right now, we're not really prepared to go out beyond 2014.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. But arithmetically the -- but arithmetically, it looks like rate CapEx minus depreciation, you're growing at about a 6% rate from '14 to '16, based on what you outlined, is that fair?
Leo P. Denault: There are other components of rate base. But the pieces you're looking at have -- but there's deferred taxes and other things that go into that calculation as well. And I'm not trying to argue the math with you. I apologize, I'm just not prepared to go beyond 2014 right now. Sorry about that, Greg. I appreciate the question, though.
Operator: And we will now go to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just wanted to touch base on the depreciation study. It sounded like quite a significant move in expected depreciation because of it. And I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more as to what went into that?
Leo P. Denault: Yes. Drew?
Andrew S. Marsh: So we use the group method of depreciation, which means that from time to time, we have to do an updated depreciation study to sort of reflect consistency with our actual experience. And we alluded to it very briefly on our last call, but didn't really give it a full discussion. Ultimately, the effect is to take away large increases that we would expect to see towards the end of life for the nuclear assets and sort of make the depreciation more ratable, like you would expect under normal situations when you kind of go forward. As you think about depreciation, it's a zero-sum game. By the time you get to the end of life on an asset, you're going to have to depreciate all of it. And so we're -- it's a little more ratable now with the new depreciation study. It doesn't affect the cash flow at EWC.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So it would suggest that the detriment in value that we'd be seeing later years is now being brought forward. And so, I guess, near term, the EPS would be more conservative in terms of the value of those plans, is that the way to think of it?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, on an EPS basis, yes. Not on EBITDA basis. I think it would be about the same that we were seeing before.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Then moving to Slide 18, on EBITDA basis, you guys show it, an increase now in 2014 versus 2013 versus last quarter. And I was wondering, you mentioned a few things on the slide, one of which has to do with Vermont Yankee. And I'm wondering whether or not the fuel expense is being reflected in EBITDA since the expense of, I believe, is being amortized. That's number one. And then number two, what's leading to those changes? I mean, I realize that there's a change in prices that would be benefit, I guess. If you could just elaborate, sort of just give us a little bit more quantification or sensitivity to that.
Leo P. Denault: I'll answer the first one, and then I'll turn the second none over to Bill. Fuel amortization is in the EBITDA number for Vermont Yankee.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So that's being reflected in Slide 18, the expense of fuel, the noncash expense of fuel?
Leo P. Denault: Yes. One thing to think about there is fuel is -- it's part of the write-down. You write-down all of the assets at Vermont Yankee, not just the actual plant itself. So that includes part of the fuel, so you see the fuel going down as well there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, so that's benefiting EBITDA?
Leo P. Denault: Yes.
William M. Mohl: As it relates to the revenue side of things, from a capacity perspective, Drew mentioned the fact that we included Lower Hudson Valley in our projections for 2014, basically assuming a $3/kW-month increase over rest of state prices. So that's included in our numbers here.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Would that change from last quarter?
William M. Mohl: Yes. I think, last quarter -- we've typically been talking in a range of what we've expected. And I think, even in the last call, there was a little bit of confusion in terms of what was actually included, but in terms of how much was included over rest of state. So this is much more specific that we're including the $3 per kW-month on an annualized basis for Lower Hudson Valley.
Andrew S. Marsh: And I'll just add, Paul, that we have historically used market views, and there wasn't a market view of Lower Hudson Valley, so we didn't have it. What we had was effectively a rest-of-state view in our last call. So this time, we are explicitly pointing out that we're putting a point of view in place for Lower Hudson Valley, since there's no specific price target out there. And we'll go back to a market view once that develops.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now go to Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One question on VY, when you made the announcement about the shutdown, you said it was expected to be sort of a negligible contribution to 2013 at the bottom line. So firstly, I guess, is that still the case? And then, you give us an EBITDA number for '14, but with all these other moving parts, can you kind of comment on how much is the actual depreciation associated with VY in '14? And what would your, sort of, net-income-type expectation be embedded in these numbers in '14?
Leo P. Denault: I'll let Drew answer it. Obviously, when you say negligible in 2013, certainly, the -- on an operational basis, it's negligible. And on an as-reported basis, I wouldn't necessarily call the parent negligible. But...
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I think you -- okay, fair enough. You said around breakeven operationally.
Leo P. Denault: Operationally. Operationally.
Andrew S. Marsh: That's right. And I think that's still the case. I think it's a little better, as we've pointed out, because of, like, the fuel write-down. And we're seeing a little bit of that in '14. In '14, there's a little more EBITDA pickup because of the fact that we're not actually having a refueling outage in that particular year. And so, that's what's your -- that's part of the driver for the improvement in EBITDA in '14, which we wouldn't have other normal -- otherwise seen under normal operating conditions.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And you attributed $0.04 of the $0.25 depreciation delta to VY. But can you give us the -- what is the number that refers to the delta?
Andrew S. Marsh: I don't have the exact depreciation for total VY in front of me, but we can follow up with that offline.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just on one other topic, if I may. You have -- in the nonfuel O&M outlook slide, the reading that's rightly -- the 0.5% to 2.5%, should be looked at net of the VY cost. Firstly, is that correct?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. What we're trying to point out is you could take the $145 million of direct cost out of sort of our base year of 2013, and you could still apply the 0.5% to 2.5% compound annual growth rate to that. And that would be sort of our revised view of where we might get to in 2016.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So if that holds, though, looking at the slide, you have the step down in the underlying costs, and then -- yet the CAGR is still up to 2.5% in '16. I mean, when you do the math on sort of what looks like a somewhat quantifiable step down in '14, to get to 2.5% growth CAGR sort of 3 years compound by '16, you'd had to have some pretty much higher percentages than that. What kinds of things could drive you to the high end of that range, I guess, is my question? Or am I missing something on the map?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I think the big things are, like, pension expenses could be a big driver, if we were to acquire to more assets within the Utility, for example, that certainly adds more O&M expenses. Those are the kinds of things that could drive it up, if there are additional regulatory costs, that's something that certainly grown outside of typical inflation growth rates over the last few years. Those are the kinds of things that could push it up. Given our current expectation, 2.5% is probably on the -- it is on the high side, obviously. And I don't think under normal operating conditions, we'd expect to get all the way back to 2.5%. But those are the kinds of things that we're trying to account for, given the uncertainty associated with where the portfolio may go or where pension expenses may go, that kind of thing.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it includes potential portfolio additions, that presumably would up revenues associated with them at the high end?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes, 2.5% is accounting for the possibility of that. That's not to say that, that's what we are going out to do right now. It's just within the range.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But in order for it to be that high, would it require that relative -- I'm just not sure how significantly to take that as part of this answer.
Andrew S. Marsh: I mean, you were asking what could drive it up there, that's what we were thinking about when we put a number out there like that.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And if I -- can you just share your with us sort of what you're trying to achieve, what's your budget, if not much else changed?
Andrew S. Marsh: Outside of the 0.5% to 2.5% growth area? I mean, I think that's where we are generally targeting. I mean that's what our -- we were trying to achieve the low end to that range, an idea where we might even beat it. But that is -- that's where we were comfortable putting out our guidance on '14 to '16 CAGR.
Operator: And we will now go to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Leo, just catching on kind of your ends of the EWC comments, you seem like you've made note of the idea of maybe trying to find some sort of settlement or resolution on any endpoint, given the time horizons and license extension, that sort of stuff. Can maybe share some color on kind of what the tone or interest is on that and whether that's something you can realistically get done in sort of timely fashion?
Leo P. Denault: Really, Dan, all I'm trying to say is nothing different than what we've said before. We really view Indian Point as a high quality asset, very vital to the region. And certainly provides the majority of the benefits that you would like to see in a power market in the economic environment. It provides jobs. It provides tax base. It provides reliability to the grid. It provides low-cost clean energy. It provides all the things, from a public policy standpoint that you would want. And certainly, we recognize that there are some folks who would like it to not operate to the end of its license life, and that's certainly not the opinion that we have. We think it's vital not only today, but it will continue to be a vital part of that market for years to come. We're just acknowledging that we know other people have a different point of view. And if there's something there that could result in common ground, where we can come up with, as we've talked about before, the certainty equivalent of value and glide path for the market, we'd be willing to do it. But there's no more emphasis on it than that. It's just something we're willing to explore.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then on the ITC process with, I guess, the commissioner coming out on Friday and saying that voter decision couldn't presumably happen until January, given their scheduling and how that corresponds to a year-end merger agreement date. Would you guys need to formally extend the merger agreement to keep the deal going beyond December? Can you guys kind of function in an at-will basis pending more regulatory action?
Leo P. Denault: Technically, the merger agreement allows either of us to terminate the transaction after December 31. How we'll handle going beyond December 31 will be dependent on seeing the rest of the procedural schedule, and seeing what comes out of Arkansas and New Orleans, for example. And then, obviously, something that ITC and us will have to consider. But we're not prepared to go there at the moment.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But just -- from just a technical perspective, would you guys need to sign a new agreement be to go beyond year-end 2013? Or could you guys function without an explicit time extension involved?
Leo P. Denault: Technically speaking, we would not have to amend the agreement.
Operator: And we will go to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First, just with regards to the $5.20 at the regulated [indiscernible] next year, how do you think about that within the context of your earned ROEs overall? I appreciate that you have pending rate cases, et cetera. But generally speaking, would you say that you're earning your ROE in that $5.20? I suppose that was contemplated in your initial 6% growth CAGR, I suppose.
Leo P. Denault: I'll let Theo talk about what, on each of the utilities, to the extent that he can.
Theodore H. Bunting: Julien, it's Theo. Actually, I think, the last comment you made probably speaks to the best way to describe and respond to your question. I can't talk specifically on -- respond specifically to kind of what the assumption was. But obviously, the growth assumption in 2014 is consistent with, obviously, all of our other planning assumptions. And as you look at 2014 and you see that our growth assumption hits the 6%, you would expect that you're planning assumptions are aligned, then that would produce something that would be relatively within the range of what we would expect to achieve from earned-ROE perspective, as it relates to our allowed ROEs. With that said, the 2014 rate case is obviously -- don't go full -- don't go in effect at the beginning of the year in their entirety, some go in effect later in the year. And also, there is some small element of regulatory lag. Obviously, since you file the cases, from the time you file to the time rate's go into effect. But, obviously, when you see the 6% growth aspiration in 2014, achieving that, you would think -- you would also -- I think, we'd also say that, that moves us closer to our goal, obviously, which is to earn our allowed ROEs within the context of Utility.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then with regards to the latest update guidance. I suppose, in the preliminary release just that it was towards the midpoint now. Could you talk of what changes occurred in the quarter that led to that decision? Specifically, I suppose, the district sale appears to be reflected in your adjusted EBITDA in '13. Just perhaps, the various walk, if you will, to get to that, I suppose, revised range within the '13 range.
Leo P. Denault: We didn't change the range, Julien, you're just talking about the fact that we said we should be around the midpoint.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes.
Leo P. Denault: Okay. Drew, I don't know...
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I don't think -- I think our suggestion before was that we weren't -- I think at the beginning of the year, we were suggesting that we were at the lower end of the range. And I think maybe the -- after the first quarter or the second quarter, we said that we were no longer in the lower end of the range. And for now, we're just saying we're in the middle. So I don't think, from our perspective, we've really moved a whole lot. And so, you're right, the district energy sale is reflected in there, it's about $0.15, and so that's part of the overall piece. But as you may recall from the beginning of the year, on January 1, we had about a $0.20 deficit on the pensions that we had to overcome because interest rates fell so far towards the end of last year. And so, I think that if you look across the businesses, I think there's good -- there's gives and takes at EWC, for example, with higher pricing in the first half of the year on energy, higher capacity pricing through the middle of the year, but some reductions from a volume perspective. And at the utility, I think there has been a little bit of negative weather, and that's offset a little bit lower growth -- well, I shouldn't say it's offset, it's a little -- there was a little bit lower growth than maybe we expected at the beginning of the year. That's been offset by some tax benefits and some other things. So I think, actually -- and I'll probably mention that, too, on the tax side, we guided you at the beginning of the year to about a 34% effective tax rate. And while we expect to do a little bit better than that by the end of the year, we expect it will to still be around that 34% effective tax rate range.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just to -- I wanted to think a little bit about kind of the Utility net of parent drag. When you look at the guidance for '14, I guess you have a $5.20 Utility, $1.05 of parent drag, that's about $4.15 net. Is that a good clean base to think of kind of a future growth for the core Utility business?
Leo P. Denault: Drew, you want to ...?
Andrew S. Marsh: You're asking about the Utility preferred elements of that, Steve?
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Not necessarily, specifically. let me ask the question this way. So your 2013 initial guidance had $4.70 for the Utility, $0.50 of parent drag, so a net of $4.20. So even though the Utility has gone up a lot, it's been all kind of absorbed by, in the '14 guidance, a much bigger parent drag. So I just want to kind of think about on a moving forward basis, is this kind of a clean year for Utility net of parent from which to really think about growing the company?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. I mean, I think -- let me answer it this way. I mean, beyond 2014, we should have a pretty good view of our rate cases, as Leo mentioned earlier, and so that part will come into play. The HCM program should be in full swing, and we're going to try and get a better view of what we can do maybe even beyond HCM going forward, we're beginning to work on that. And a big piece of what the storyline is going to be beyond 2014 is going to be the possibilities with industrial growth at the Utility. And whether or not our historical load growth can actually begin to move at a higher rate than what we've seen, thanks to sort of the industrial renaissance. And I think we're going to talk a little bit more about that at EEI when we get there.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Waters, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Angela, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 8044514. The recording will be available as soon as practical after the transcript is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission due to filing requirements associated with the proposed spin-merge transaction with ITC. The telephone replay will be available through November 5, 2013. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Roderick K. West - Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Levi Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. With respect to the planned spin-merge transaction, ITC filed a registration statement with the SEC, registering the offer and sell of shares of ITC common stock to be issued to Entergy's shareholders in connection with proposed transaction, and the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 25, 2013. ITC is expected to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement and ITC shareholders are urged to read the prospectus included in the ITC registration statement and the post-effective amendment to the ITC registration statement, when available, for important information about Transco and the proposed transactions. In addition, on July 24, 2013, our subsidiary, Mid South TransCo LLC, filed a registration statement with the SEC, registering the offer and sell of Transco common units to be issued to Entergy's shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. This registration statement includes the prospectus of Transco related to the proposed transactions. Entergy also will file a tender offer statement on Schedule TO with the SEC, related to a planned exchange of shares of Entergy common stock for the Transco common units. Entergy's shareholders are urged to read the prospectus included in the ITC registration statement and the post-effective amendment to the ITC registration statement when available, the Transco registration statement, the tender offer statement on Schedule TO when available, and any other relevant documents because they contain important information about ITC, Transco and the proposed transaction. These documents, and other documents related to the proposed transaction, when they're available, can be obtained free of charge from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The documents, when available, can also be obtained free of charge from Entergy upon written request. Now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thanks, Paula, and good morning, everyone. Last quarter, I laid out our roadmap for 2013, the 7 strategic imperatives we are focused on that will bring sustainable value for our owners, our customers, our employees and the communities we serve. This morning, I'll update you on progress on each imperative over the last 3 months. As a reference, the 7 strategic imperatives are listed on Slide 2 to the webcast presentation. Starting with execute on MISO and ITC. The targeted December 19 cut-over date for the Utility operating companies to join the Midcontinent Independent System Operator is approaching quickly. Many operational and regulatory activities are ongoing in parallel to ensure a seamless transition. Last month, we received additional orders from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on certain key MISO-related issues. We appreciate the FERC's timely action on these items. Also in May, on the implementation front, we ran a simulation on processes, situations and communications that employees will handle when MISO integration is complete. Over 100 participants from Entergy, MISO and ITC were involved over a 2-day period. The exercise did highlight areas to work on; more importantly, however, it confirmed we are well on track for accomplishing what will be a step change in how we plan and operate our system. Regarding the spinoff and merger of the transmission business with ITC, in the second quarter we received key transaction approvals from the FERC and a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, confirming the tax-free nature of the transaction structure. These items come in addition to the April 16 ITC shareholder approval I mentioned last quarter. This brings us to the retail regulatory approvals. We entered the final critical stages in the second quarter. After careful consideration of the input from parties in all of the retail proceedings, we and ITC offered a package of rate mitigation and other commitments, including a total of $453 million in rate mitigation over the first 5 years across all jurisdictions as detailed on Slide 3, and a test to ensure customer benefits exceed ITC's high return on investment capital before rate mitigation ends. These proposals align with -- align the realization of the benefits the transaction offers to customers and the rate effects resulting from ITC's higher cost of capital. They transfer the risk of achieving the benefits of what we believe is a superior business model from the customers back to the companies. We are not asking our regulators or our customers to make a bet on us. We've been held accountable for delivering benefits preceding the cost of ITC ownership. We strongly believe this transaction will yield a more reliable, more efficient grid than joining MISO alone, as I reviewed in detail last quarter. The better grid benefits customers through fewer and shorter outages, reduced congestion and line losses, and greater access to lower-cost power. The rate mitigation and other proposals commit us and ITC to delivering both performance and economic benefits that exceed the rate effects from ITC's higher cost of capital. Rate mitigation will continue until they do. These proposals were developed and offered jointly by us and ITC. We are not in a position to discuss all of the details, but I can offer a few points about how we and ITC plan to allocate the rate mitigation between the 2 of us. The Entergy operating companies and ITC will share in the $387 million of the wholesale and retail billed credit component of rate mitigation in the first 5 years. This is the part that is not attributable, the forward test period. The Entergy operating companies will bear 65% to 70% of this component. ITC will bear the rest. The Entergy operating components will fund the $40 million of mitigation associated with the forward test year in the first 3 years. The balance of rate mitigation is comprised of net avoided costs. For years 6 through 10, if rate mitigation is still required, the Entergy operating companies and ITC will split those costs 50-50. After 10 years, the Entergy operating companies' obligation will be fixed at a modest amount, and ITC will be responsible for any balance required. Finally, the Entergy operating companies' responsibility for rate mitigation will end after 20 years. As I've said before, we believe that the benefits for our customers, employees and communities are real. This rate mitigation proposals puts us and ITC on the hook to deliver them. We do not shrink from being held accountable. In the last 2 weeks, we were encouraged by the Coalition of Cities in Texas. After considering our commitments, many of which were directly responsive to their concerns, 14 cities to-date have passed resolutions in favor of the transaction. The cities made a filing with the Public Utility Commission of Texas supporting a finding of public interest for the transaction provided that Entergy Texas and ITC meet certain conditions. The PUCT will consider our application at their opening meeting next week on August 9. We are hopeful that the benefits of the transaction, including the rate mitigation plan, combined with the city's resolution and the East Texas Electric Cooperative's recommended support, will provide the Texas commission the basis it needs to approve our application. We're in various stages in other jurisdictions. Upcoming dates for filings and hearings are shown on Slide 4. Based on current schedules, decisions by all of our retail regulators are anticipated in the fall. We believe in this transaction. We are convinced it is the right approach, and the facts and important public policy considerations support its approval by our regulators. The next strategic imperative listed on Slide 2 is to optimize the organization through human capital management. We refer to this effort internally as HCM. In July, we completed a comprehensive review of our organization design and processes. This effort resulted in a new organization structure, designed to provide optimal service to our stakeholders. This process is a critical part of our ability to be successful at our goals of being more efficient, continuing to control our costs and improving service levels. Other opportunities to make our organization more flexible and adaptable to business changes are under consideration. In the long run, these changes will ensure our employees are in the right jobs, have the right skills to be successful, and the right tools and resources to meet the changing business needs. Near term, however, workforce reductions are a difficult but necessary step. We have identified approximately 800 positions throughout the company which we expect largely will be eliminated by year end. In addition, the organizational redesign effort will reduce contractor spending. Difficult decisions like job reductions are sometimes the result of making long-term fundamental improvements in the way a company works. The redesign process was led by a team of Entergy employees and had the full involvement and oversight of the entire executive leadership team. In addition to realizing sustainable savings, the teams are tasked with the goals of improving the way we work, placing the right people with the right skills in the right roles. The process is comprehensive, thoughtful and focused on being fair and responsive to the needs of all of our stakeholders. While we spent a lot of time on organizational design and process this past quarter, we are evaluating additional opportunities to obtain savings, including compensation and benefits, procurement, and non-employee operating expenses. As a result of progress to date, we have set a financial goal of $200 million to $250 million in savings to be implemented by the end of 2015 and fully realized by 2016. I know you have more questions about these savings targets. Drew will cover those details to the extent they are currently known. As we continue this effort, I want to reemphasize its safety, security, customer service, reliability and compliance will never be compromised. The third strategic imperative is to maintain financial flexibility. Since I introduced this on last quarter's earnings call, many of you have questioned what we mean by this one. I want to be clear. It means simply what it says: maintain financial flexibility. Today, we meet and expect to continue to meet our financial flexibility objectives. Gross liquidity stood at a healthy $4.1 billion on June 30. The credit ratings are stable at both Moody's and Standard & Poor's. And our current financial outlook, which extends through 2014, supports deploying capital and meeting our obligations without the need to issue traditional common equity. Maintaining alternatives and headroom to avoid the damaging effects of dilution on our owners remains a central focus for the Board of Directors, me and the rest of the executive leadership team. This and the other strategic imperatives are simply about being better positioned to pursue more customer and owner-focused actions in the future, over and above our current plans and commitments. The next 2 strategic imperatives I will talk about are related. Growing the Utility business, such as through economic development, and continuing to develop and implement productive regulatory constructs. To be successful at one requires attention to the other. For example, effective regulatory constructs can provide utilities with the financial stability needed to make necessary investments and take actions to deliver reliable service to customers while keeping rates reasonable. Low rates helps to keep existing businesses competitive and attract new investments to our region. Higher growth can be cycled through the regulatory constructs to spread fixed cost over more volume. Defining and pursuing this path is one of the keys to addressing the risks from so-called disruptive challenges faced by the utility industry. I'm sure you noticed in Table 4 of today's investor news release, quarterly weather-adjusted sales were down in all customer classes. On the residential side, increasing interest in energy efficiency and demand side management are contributing factors, something we anticipate in setting 2013 expectations. On the topic of energy efficiency, New Orleans, Arkansas and Texas, the jurisdictions where programs are up and running, we have cost recovery through a rider or through base rates, as well as performance incentives in all 3 jurisdictions and recovery of loss contributions to fixed cost, a limited form of decoupling, in Arkansas and New Orleans. Sluggish economic growth also contributed, affecting all segments. Industrial sales were disappointing, once again, this quarter. Near-term factors such as inventory liquidations and slowing exports, have reduced industrial electricity usage, principally in the small- to mid-sized segments in Louisiana, Arkansas and Mississippi. While near-term challenges exist, new industrial development activity is a bright spot in our future expectations beyond 2015. Shortly after our last earnings call, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana announced a long-term contract with Cameron LNG to supply an additional 200 megawatts, for 10 to 30 years, to their proposed LNG facility. Construction is expected to begin next year. This is just one example of the large pipeline of new capital investments for manufacturing and other economic development projects. Our region has an attractive business climate led by its access to an abundance of natural resources, reasonable cost of living including electricity rates, tax and other business reforms enacted at the state and local levels, and programs such as the compressive workforce training program in Louisiana. To update statistics from April, we now have over $50 billion in high-probability investment projects in various stages in our service territory. This represents approximately 1,500 megawatts of load and more than 27,000 new jobs, of which nearly 11,000 would be direct. Obviously, all of these projects may not happen. We may not supply all of these projects and some may not be completed. The point is, this much in the pipeline illustrates the potential for growth of our customers and our communities. I know I don't have to remind you that we have a number of regulatory proceedings underway in each jurisdiction, including rate cases, formula rate plan filings and storm recovery. I will give you a brief update on major developments. All the usual details are provided in our release and the webcast slides. In Mississippi, Entergy Mississippi and the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff filed a stipulation settlement to resolve the 2012 test year formula rate plan proceeding. The stipulation called for a $22.3 million annual revenue increase. The rate change provides funds necessary for increased reliability, capacity for economic growth and the ability for flexible use of the power plants on the grid. It is the first FRP increase in 4 years, and even after, Entergy Mississippi's rates will remain well below a number of other utilities in the Southeast and more than 10% below the national average. The next Mississippi Public Service Commission meeting is scheduled for August 13. If approved, new rates would be effective beginning with September billings. In May, the Louisiana Public Service Commission approved a settlement in a new proceeding relating to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's natural gas operations. The settlement extended the gas rate stabilization plan for an additional 3-year term through the 2015 test year. Return on equity midpoint was revised to 9.95%, down from 10.5%, and the plus-or-minus 50 basis points range was maintained. This settlement resulted in a $678,000 rate increase for customers related to the 2012 test year. In addition, the LPSC order directed the company and staff to work towards the gas infrastructure investment rider. The LPSC has a long-standing practice of using formula rate plans and riders for electric and natural gas utilities. Requests for new 3-year formula rate plans are a component of Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana rate cases filed earlier this year. Regarding the rate cases, the Entergy Louisiana companies have requested LPSC review of Administrative Law Judge's denial to consolidate the 2 rate cases. As part of this request, the companies are seeking a 60-day delay in the procedural schedules to allow all parties to explore framework for a more efficient review of the rate case requests and possible resolution, and to set a new procedural schedule should the Louisiana Commission approve the motions to consolidate the 2 rate cases. The consolidation matter is on tomorrow's LPSC business and executive meeting agenda. Given these developments, the ALJ and the Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana rate cases suspended the upcoming August deadlines for staff and intervener testimony there. Riders are another construct our regulators have approved to support actions to benefit customers and the companies. In early May, the Public Utility Commission of Texas approved a new rule adding a purchase power capacity rider as another tool available for Texas utilities. This rider will be available for Entergy Texas in the future. However, based on a review of the company's financial status and expectations, Entergy Texas expects to file a base rate case in the third quarter. Turning to the EWC business for the next strategic imperative listed on Slide 2, improving EWC results. We have a number of options we are exploring. On the revenue side, forward energy prices declined in recent weeks, but New York's rest-of-state capacity market continued to improve. Second quarter spot auctions cleared near $4.40 per kilowatt-month, roughly 60% higher than first quarter of this year and more than 2.5x higher than second quarter of last year. Capacity market improvements were driven by the effects of successful mitigation, any [ph] projects with contracts were reflected at fair prices in the auction, and plant retirements in mothballings [ph]. In addition, a new capacity zone for the Lower Hudson Valley remains on track to begin next summer, subject to FERC approval. The New York Independent System Operator identified the need for this new zone to address transmission deliverability issues and improve grid reliability. The FERC decision is expected in the near-term. Indian Point is located within this new zone, where prices are expected to be higher than the rest-of-state market where it currently resides. While we remain encouraged by the progress made related to the Lower Hudson Valley capacity pricing, we remain concerned about some of the overall market design issues in New York and New England. We are committed to continue to work towards promoting fair and competitive power markets in those regions. From the cost efficiency perspective, EWC completed a reorganization this month, as part of this strategic imperative to improve results, reducing costs going forward. It was handled separately from the human capital management optimization effort due to the financial realities the business is facing. Reorganization efforts in nuclear operations at the nuclear plants and nuclear headquarters are part of the overall HCM effort. Additional ideas and opportunities for efficiency and productivity improvements at the plants are in various stages of review and implementation. Regarding our nuclear operations, we were pleased to announce the election of a new director in June, Retired Admiral Kirkland Donald. His tremendous experience, including important positions in the Navy's nuclear program, will enhance an already strong oversight by the Board of Directors. Our actions and success in this final strategic imperative, aligning corporate culture, can best be judged by our results. How well we execute on the other strategic imperatives requires alignment throughout our organization. And successful execution requires a skilled and focused organization from top to bottom that is designed and managed to perform and achieve. We recognize there are a lot of complexities to our company today. That's inherent in the 7 strategic imperatives for 2013. It's a busy year for us and we know it is for you, too, tracking the numerous filings, regulatory decisions, and management execution. We are aiming for success in all of our strategic imperatives to support a step change in our customers' value proposition and that of the company. Next year should provide a clear picture of who we are and where we are headed as a company. Next year, we plan to be part of MISO, delivering benefits to our customers estimated at approximately $1.4 billion in the first decade upon integration into the MISO [indiscernible] market. Next year, we will not be working on the ITC transaction. We remain firmly committed to this transaction because we believe the ownership of our Mid South transmission business will create the most value for all of our stakeholders held by ITC; for our customers and communities, it will lead to lower delivered energy prices; for employees, better job opportunities in a largely, singularly focused business. This represents incremental value over and above what the transmission brings to Entergy and its stakeholders today. That said, if the transaction does not close, we will continue to operate efficiently, to make economic and reliable investments, to optimize toward achieving capital management imperative and to continue to seek out productive regulatory constructs and grow the business. By early next year, the pending rate cases in Arkansas and Louisiana will be resolved. Rate cases are a basic part of our business. We will have 2 others pending in Texas and New Orleans. But the uncertainty caused by the number of outstanding cases and jurisdictions will be behind us. Nevertheless, we will continue to seek out productive regulatory constructs that reward efficient operations, and facilitate access to capital on reasonable terms in order to maintain reasonable rates. Next year, we will be well into the implementation phases of our human capital management optimization efforts. The new organization design will largely be in place. This is a central component to the effort, but not all of it. Further development of other opportunities continues, some of which will likely also be in implementation stages by then. We are working to have better clarity before next year on the direction of the EWC business. We are considering a number of avenues and options to adapt to the current business and market realities. While we are working to strengthen the business financially, we also know the plants are valuable to all stakeholders, including to employees and communities for the direct and indirect jobs that they provide, to customers and communities where the environmental grid reliability and fuel diversity benefits from their operation, and to owners for the option for power price recovery they represent. As we consider strategic alternatives for EWC, all options are on the table. Our focus today is on streamlining for 2014 and beyond for all stakeholders by aligning our organizational design, functions and processes. For our owners, reducing complexity makes us an easier company to follow, predict and value. For employees, redesigning our organization to be more efficient and aligning our corporate culture will create a more productive, engaging work environment, ultimately making it easier to execute. These benefits help to maintain reasonable costs and safe reliable products and services for our customers, as well as economic development, philanthropy, volunteerism, and advocacy in our communities. We understand uncertainty creates a discount, and 2013 is the year for us to reduce some of that uncertainty. One last item before I turn the call over to Drew. Typically, we would not mention to you the retirement of our human resources leader. However, in the current case, it's different. In September, a long-term Entergy employee, and even longer-term friend of mine, Renae Conly, will retire. For the last couple of years, Renae has been our HR leader and, prior to that, she led our largest jurisdiction for a decade through some of the most difficult times the company has faced, for example in 2005, during Katrina and Rita. Many of you, however, will recall that Renae was the driving force behind turning Entergy's Investor Relations group into the high-quality organization it is today. And if you've been in the business as long as I have, you probably remember her filling the Investor Relations roles at both Cinergy and, before that, PSI. For those of who you that know her, you realize how capable she is, you know her tenacity, her strength, her intelligence and her kindness. I know many of you listening that are investors will recall her many contributions, and I hope you will feel free to contact her during the next month to wish her well. And I know many more of you who are employees feel the same sadness as I, that she is leaving us, but also the tremendous happiness for her as she enters the next phase of her life. All I can say is she will be greatly missed. And now, I'll turn it over to Drew.
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover quarterly financial results and expectations for 2013 and beyond. This will include a discussion on human capital management. Now let's turn to the quarterly financial results. Slide 5 summarizes second quarter 2013 results on an as-reported and operational basis. Operational earnings per share were at $1.01 versus $2.11 a year ago. Second quarter as-reported earnings in both periods included special items for expenses associated with human capital management in 2013 and the spin-merge of the transmission business of ITC in 2012 and 2013. Turning to operational results, Slide 6 summarizes the major drivers by business. Utility operational earnings per share were lower in the second quarter 2013 due largely to a tax benefit and associated regulatory credit in the comparable 2012 period. Together, these 2 items provided a net benefit of approximately $0.44 in the second quarter of last year. Excluding these items, the quarter-over-quarter operational results declined approximately $0.15. The overall decrease is attributable to the net effects of higher non-fuel O&M expense and higher depreciation expense, partially offset by higher net revenue. A portion of the increased non-fuel O&M and depreciation expenses, as well as the increased net revenue, reflect investments placed in service in 2012. Previously identified higher benefit costs, primarily from pension discount rates, also contributed to the quarterly O&M variance. Second quarter 2013 net income also included approximately $7 million incremental pretax expense as a result of the ANO industrial act. This amount reflected incremental non-fuel O&M, less than estimate recorded for expected insurance proceeds and reduced refueling outage amortization expense. While on the topic of ANO, I'd like to give a quick update. First, recovery efforts of -- for ANO have progressed well. Unit 1 could return to service as early as August, testing and recovery continue going well. Second, we've updated cost estimates for the assessment, restoration, debris removal and recovery efforts [ph] of the damaged property and equipment to be in the range of $95 million to $120 million. This estimate does not include replacement energy and it may change the continued restoration activities. Finally, Entergy Arkansas recently filed a lawsuit in Arkansas State Court seeking to recover damages relating to the ANO event, and is continuing to assess other options for recovering damages, including insurance and other legal action. Now, turning back to the results for the quarter at the Utility. Utility net revenue increased due to the prior period regulatory credit noted earlier and pricing factors. As with first quarter of 2013, pricing adjustments included regulatory actions for major generation investments placed in service in 2012. These investments benefit customers through improved operational efficiency and favorable environmental profile. Utility retail sales volume on both an as-reported and a weather-adjusted basis declined quarter-over-quarter. Leo reviewed certain sales drivers in his earlier remarks. In setting 2013 guidance, we anticipated declines in residential and commercial sales from energy efficiency, and growth and industrial sales from expansions. However, year-to-date results have been below expectations for all segments, especially in the industrial segment. We expect better industrial performance over the balance of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter as a large expansion is scheduled to start up. Longer term, we still see support for 1% to 1.25% sales growth. At EWC, operational earnings were $0.33 per share lower than the second quarter last year. This period-over-period decline was due largely to the lower operational adjusted EBITDA drivers, which I will review shortly. EWC results also reflected higher decommissioning expense due to an item recorded in the second quarter of last year, partially offset by lower income tax expense. Slide 7 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for second quarter 2013 and 2012. The $66 million decrease was due primarily to the lower net revenue, driven by decreased output from EWC's nuclear fleet. The nuclear fleet had 26 additional outage days from both refueling and maintenance outages. While second quarter day-ahead Northeast Energy prices were roughly 35% higher than prior year levels, we saw a large decline in prices over the course of the quarter, due in part to reversion of New England natural gas prices from high winter levels, as well as weak supply and demand conditions in the broader natural gas market. Including the impact of hedges, average energy price for the quarter -- the current quarter on EWC's nuclear portfolio declined approximately $3 per megawatt output, versus second quarter last year. Leo had already reviewed the underlying drivers for the capacity markets. I'll note that we continue to expect to see these constructive fundamentals going forward in New York with the new Lower Hudson Valley zone, though regulatory intervention risk remains a risk. Slide 8 summarizes our cash flow performance for the second quarter. Operating cash flow was $572 million, $15 million lower than the same period a year ago. There were several drivers, both positive and negative. While the overall decrease was $15 million, the variance by segment was significantly higher, this is in large part due to intercompany tax payments. Because Entergy filed a consolidated return, income tax obligations are routinely settled between our legal entities as issues are resolved. In the current quarter, the intercompany activity was largely due to the tax settlement which we recorded in the fourth quarter last year related to the tax treatment of our utility decommissioning liabilities. Ultimately, timing of payments to the IRS will consider many factors, including storm loss carry-backs, utilization of NOLs and the taxable income of other entities in the consolidated tax group. Slide 9 summarizes our 2013 operational earnings guidance of $4.60 to $5.40 per share. I know you are familiar with the drivers so I will not repeat them today. Operational guidance does not reflect the 2 special items I discussed earlier. Now I'd like to turn to a discussion of drivers for 2014 and beyond, as they are shaping up today. Starting with HCM on Slide 10. Human capital management is designed to create sustainable value for our 4 key stakeholders and will have a real lasting impact on Entergy by changing the way we work, while reducing ongoing spending and maintaining or improving safety, security and reliability. As Leo noted, total annualized savings from our HCM initiative will be in the range of $200 million to $250 million by 2016. While execution of the initiatives and realization of the savings will occur over the next few years, the bulk of the savings will be realized in 2014. Savings realized at the Utility operating companies will be recognized appropriately in our regulatory filings when those savings and the cost to achieve are known and measured. This process will vary by jurisdiction. Estimated savings are primarily from the organizational redesign effort, which will be largely completed by the end of this year. The savings estimate also includes cost reductions from the other areas Leo discussed. On a preliminary basis, the total $200 million to $250 million savings goal is expected to be split approximately 80% to 90% non-fuel O&M and the balance in capital spending, and approximately 60% to 65% at the Utility and the balance largely at EWC. In order to implement our HCM initiatives, we expect to incur onetime costs to achieve in the range of $145 million to $185 million. The majority of these costs will be incurred in 2013 and will be classified as a special item. The level and timing of HCM savings are important in considering future O&M levels. Our future spending and earnings trends will be affected by other factors as well. Slide 11 summarizes our non-fuel O&M and refueling outage expenses over the past few years. The 2013 base line of approximately $3.5 billion represents our current expectations excluding past and future costs associated with the HCM implementation and the ITC transaction. Considering all these factors, we expect a 3-year compound annual growth rate of the 2013 base of around 1.5% to 2.5%, including HCM savings. Growth rates can vary from year to year. In addition to the level of HCM savings, other factors to consider for future O&M levels include the effects from the proposed ITC transaction, variations in pension discount rates, spending on initiatives such as energy efficiency, inflationary pressures and incremental regulatory compliance costs. Some of the factors driving changes in O&M expense, such as MISO costs, energy efficiency costs and storm reserves have corresponding offsets in net revenue. Looking ahead to 2014, Slide 12 summarizes preliminary major drivers to consider, based on where we stand today. For the Utility, whether or not the spin-merge is completed is a key factor in 2014. Excluding that transaction, we are affirming our 5-year compound annual growth rate for Utility net income of around 6% through 2014. In addition to HCM, many initiatives underway now will determine our ability to deliver on this financial outlook. Those include the outcomes of pending rate proceedings in Arkansas, Mississippi and Louisiana and, to a lesser degree, the to-be-filed rate case in Texas. The level of sales growth is also a factor to watch. As I noted earlier, 2013 sales to-date have been lower than expected. However, we still believe that over the longer term, the annual retail sales growth of 1% to 1.25% is achievable, even after factoring in energy efficiency and remaining capital [ph] management efforts. As Leo explained, our service territory has strong economic development activity, signaling the potential for long-term growth. Recent contracts, combined with other major projects that our economic development teams are working on, could have a significant impact. Even with higher growth in the lower-priced industrial segment, there is still incremental revenue and customer benefit from spreading fixed costs across higher volume. For EWC, energy and capacity markets are a major factor for the financial performance of that business. The 2014 average revenue per megawatt hour for EWC's nuclear fleet is expected to decline approximately $2 per megawatt hour based on the June 30 forward markets. Our 23% open energy position, combined with market variability in certain hedge positions, leads to a range of possible price outcomes, as you can see in the price sensitivities outlined in Table 7. Variations in nuclear plant outages, both planned and unplanned, can also affect EWC's earnings. We now expect to have full refueling outages next year, as a result of moving the Palisades refueling outage from fall of this year to early 2014, and our ability to identify and execute on opportunities to improve EWC results is important for that business. This includes the O&M factors I discussed earlier. Income tax expense is also an item that seems to vary from year-to-year and by segment, and we always have the potential for portfolio management activity. Through all of this, we are focused on managing the strategic imperatives and positioning ourselves to take advantage of any opportunities and facing new challenges that come our way, while maintaining a firm commitment to deliver sustainable value to all our stakeholders. And now, the Entergy team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I wanted to start with Slide 22, the illustrative adjusted EBITDA for EWC, and how it ties into the Slide 12. So you're showing a step down in EBITDA for the merchant business in '14, even though we have quite a considerable O&M cuts and an unlikely pick up in capacity revenues in New York. I know that there's a reduction in energy prices, but I would still expect a bit of a stronger projected EBITDA for that business.
Leo P. Denault: Yes. Well, the reality is, is that we're still facing lower prices, overall. So as Drew suggested, on a per-megawatt-hour basis, we're seeing a reduction. So while we're encouraged and we've seen some uplift from areas such as the Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone, the fact is, in a lot of the other markets, specifically in the New England market, we're not getting appropriate rents in terms of capacity prices. So net-net, you're correct. We're still looking at a decline in total EBITDA for EWC for '14.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So that bar already fully incorporates cost-cutting and MISO's projections for the capacity price uplift?
Leo P. Denault: I don't believe that it includes all of the HCM efforts, but it does reflect our point of view on current market conditions.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then on Slide 12, could you just explain a little bit what is the -- this potential portfolio management activities? What do you mean by those?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, as we look at that portfolio, as Leo mentioned, we consider all options, and we do this on a regular basis. So obviously, we look at a hold-and-optimize scenario, where we are taking the steps to reduce our costs and be as efficient as we can at each and every facility. We also are -- explore market opportunities to determine if any asset or portfolio of assets would be better owned by another party. And we also continually evaluate the potential for a shutdown of a facility. So those are -- when we talk about options, those are kind of the 3 different areas that we constantly look at, and that's similar to what we've always done.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. But why is it mentioned under corporate and not under EWC?
Leo P. Denault: Well, that's -- this is Leo, Angie. That's primarily given who kind of leads some of those efforts and they work in conjunction with the folks within the business units. So the kind of people who do all that kind of activity primarily are driven out of the corporate organization, so that's more just our organizational structure than anything else.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. I know I was supposed to ask only 2 questions but this last one is -- so we have the -- those projections of O&M cuts, targeted projections by 2016. Can you explain to me the timing of this announcement vis--vis your pending rate cases and ITC transaction? I mean, should it, you think, facilitate the ITC deal and your pending rate cases or, I mean, how will it be actually incorporated in your pending regulatory filings?
Leo P. Denault: I'll let Rod take that. Rod West, who's our Chief Administrative Officer, all of the HCM effort is being directed under his organization. So I'll let Rod take that.
Roderick K. West: And to be direct in answering your question, the timing is not designed to facilitate or feed a regulatory point of view. The timing of the HCM announcement really does reflect where the companies planning process has evolved to where we think we have a clear point of view on the savings and our confidence around being able to articulate what we think the bottom line impact would be. And so as we began this process, Leo, I recall, announced at EEI last year as we were formally beginning to publicly, at least, execute on our point of view around MISO and ITC, we had perspectives around where the organization needed to be on a going-forward basis. And as we evolved, as the analysis evolved, we felt more and more comfortable about when we'd be able to communicate. So the timing, it just reflects where we are.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Dan Eggers of Crdit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just following up on the cost-cutting program and kind of the numbers out there. The overall savings are pretty significant relative to maybe what we've seen in...
Leo P. Denault: Dan, could you speak up? We're having trouble hearing you.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry about that. Just on the magnitude of cost savings, could you share a little more color on where you guys expect to find the savings? When we've seen past M&A transactions recently, their savings have been in line or smaller than what you guys are talking about today. So just kind of trying to bucket those a little better would be helpful, I think.
Leo P. Denault: Sure. Rod?
Roderick K. West: Sure. Dan, I think, as we've discussed in prior conversations, the -- what you know and what we call the HCM process has been centered around 4 work streams, and both Drew and Leo alluded to them. The first is the Oregon process and I think that one answers your question in terms of where we think the lion's share of, at least, what we've communicated today, rest, particularly as we look to what's meaningful in '13 going to '14. Then you have comp and benefits, procurement costs, management and then the non-employee related operational expenses. And so the lion's share of the savings, order of magnitude, 1/2 to 2/3 perhaps, comes from our Oregon and process point of view.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess, just -- yes, you guys reiterated the 6% earnings growth of the utilities. That would then include the 2014 savings, I guess? So was there a bit of a backfill on supporting that 6% growth or is that number actually biased higher because you'll have more savings in those numbers for next year?
Andrew S. Marsh: We're not considering it added to the 6%, as I mentioned. There could be some small benefits short term but, ultimately, we expect it to be recognized in filings when it's sort of known and measurable and within the regulatory process of the utility. So we're not counting it really as incremental to the 6% target.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Jonathan Arnold at Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just to clarify on the ITC mitigation plan, as proposed, how would you envisage kind of those credits flowing through the financial statements or not? I mean, how...
Leo P. Denault: Drew?
Andrew S. Marsh: It's -- we're still looking at it. Preliminarily, we would expect it to be a part of -- it would be reflected in the net revenue. But there's -- it could change with final orders that we ultimately get. The only change that we would see would sort of be whether or not we would recognize a liability on the balance sheet for the first 5 years. After that, everything is contingent and so it, clearly, wouldn't be a balance sheet liability. But, at this point, we expect it to flow through in net revenue.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just flow through in net revenue as incurred, basically?
Andrew S. Marsh: Correct.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then my second one. On Page 12 under EWC, you have this -- you mentioned depreciation as a driver for '14. And then declining useful life of nuclear assets. Can you clarify that latter part of that statement?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes. That was related to a potential change where, currently, we had accelerating depreciation as we get closer and closer to the end of life of the units, and we may make a change where we flatten that out a little bit. But that's -- I think that's the primary thing we're talking about there.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that would be beneficial to earnings? Sorry, just to make sure I...
Andrew S. Marsh: No. Well, it would be beneficial to the end tail of the earnings. It would be against earnings. It would be harmful to earnings, actually.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it's a negative '14 driver?
Andrew S. Marsh: Yes.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And how -- is that included in the sort of EBITDA look that you put on the later slide?
Andrew S. Marsh: No, no it's not.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Any sort of idea how much that might be or is it small?
Andrew S. Marsh: We don't have -- we're not -- we don't have that information right now. But we'll give you additional details later.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andy Levi at Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Just on -- getting back to the cost savings. So on the EWC side, you have -- 35% to 40% of that segment would realize the cost savings. And then as you said, you have the EBITDA on that slide kind of coming down in '14. So -- and then you kind of were kind of vague on whether, ultimately, the savings were going to be incorporated in '14. So does that mean that we'll see them in '15 or -- I just kind of need some clarification. And then I have one other quick follow-up.
Leo P. Denault: I think, Andy, the clarification was is that the EBITDA number did not include HCM, but we would anticipate there would be some...
Andrew S. Marsh: In '14. Yes, the bulk of the segment we would expect to see for EWC in '14.
Andrew Levi: Okay. But that slide does not include the savings from HCM?
Andrew S. Marsh: Correct.
Andrew Levi: Perfect. Okay. And then the other thing, just moving on to ITC very quickly. You have all these kind of rate mitigation things for the various states. Can you give us a breakdown on how much of those savings are from, let's say, the System Agreement versus just kind of other savings?
Leo P. Denault: Can you repeat that question, Andy?
Andrew Levi: On the ITC Entergy deal, there's savings from the System Agreements going away, right? And then there's savings, and so I'm just wondering what the breakdown of that is? So let's say -- I'm just throwing out a number. Let's say in Louisiana it's $100 million of rate mitigation that's going to the customer. What's kind of the breakdown of that?
Theodore H. Bunting: Andy, are you referring -- this is Theo. Are you referring to the avoided cost...
Andrew Levi: Yes, exactly.
Roderick K. West: Column on Page 3 -- Slide 3?
Andrew Levi: I don't know if it's on Page 3, but...
Roderick K. West: If you're referring to the Avoided Cost column, it includes costs that would go away as a result of the transmission business going away. And, therefore, there's no more MSS-2 transactions potentially between the various operating companies. And also I think it also reflects maybe some impacts of zonal -- a change in pricing zone structures. I don't have in front of me the various pieces and parts as it relates to those 2 components, but I think we could follow up and get that to you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Gordon at ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So when I think about the HCM program in terms of its impact on your Utility businesses, should I just think about this as being -- driving the ability for you guys to have a higher confidence level in earning at your authorized returns across the jurisdictions prospectively? I mean, I think your guidance this year, for instance, presumes a significant level of under earnings. So the HCM program would have 2 benefits: one, it would reduce the necessity for rate increases, but also keep your cost profile from creating regulatory [indiscernible]. Is that the right way to think about it?
Leo P. Denault: That's fair, Greg. I mean, the major component is to become more efficient, and through the efficiency, we should end up with lower rates, lower costs to our customers, and have a better shot at earning the rate of return that we're allowed. That's correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right. And if -- my one follow-up. If you were to be ordered to implement the rate mitigation plans by establishing regulatory liabilities, as opposed to running it through on a -- running it through the P&L, we should assume then that's an offset to rate base, right, that lowers your rate base? Is that right?
Leo P. Denault: Drew?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, we would only get to do that if we got a rate order, a rate deferral. I would think of it more as a regulatory asset that we would be able to realize over time on a one-time incurred costs.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Well, if you had a regulatory liability, right, that would flow through as a contra-expense but you'd have a reduction in revenue. So you'd wind up having sort of an upfront write-down and then flow the cash -- there would be a cash impact as you flowed the credit risk back [ph], but not an earning impact? Right?
Theodore H. Bunting: This is Theo. I think what would happen if, in fact, you booked it upfront, you would recognize the liability. But the cost, obviously, would be recognized as an expense at the time you booked the liability, if in fact that was the case. As Drew said, that's not what we're saying, at this point in time, would be the case. If in fact, you had a liability as part of a regulatory construct, I would imagine that you're not likely to see that as it relates to regulatory rate setting going forward.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. But you're -- so -- Okay, so you think that the most likely outcome should these mitigation plans be approved is they'll flow through as you flow back the -- as they flow back the customers, you'll incur the expense. Your human -- your cost-cutting plans allow you to sort of plow through that and still close the gap between your current ROEs and your future authorized ROEs?
Theodore H. Bunting: As you state, I mean, the -- if in fact, it happens as we see it or expect it today, you would see the impacts of the rate mitigation flowing through currently as reduction to revenue, which obviously would have a -- put downward pressure on ROEs. You would also have, as the regulatory processes move forward, you would see the impacts of cost-cutting making their way through the regulatory process. That could happen at various points in time. Obviously, as that happens, as Leo mentioned earlier, we would see rates being adjusted to reflect those changes in cost structure within the utility. So for a period of time, there is a potential that you could have offsets but, again, as you go forward and the regulatory process encompasses those rate reductions within the setting of rates, the rates would be adjusted commensurate with that and those benefits would flow back to customers at that point in time.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Yes. Two questions in 10 parts. Just on the percent O&M increase, could you possibly breakout that 0.5% to 2.5% just for the EWC business?
Andrew S. Marsh: I don't have that in front of me right now, Steve.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then also on the target of 6% growth in 2014, if you achieve that in 2014, would you generally be earning your allowed returns in your regulatory jurisdictions, overall? Or would you still be under-earning?
Theodore H. Bunting: Steve, this is Theo. Yes, I believe -- if we achieve that, we would -- I think we'd be -- I think, yes. I think the answer is yes, we'd be pretty much be earning our allowed ROEs within the constructs of the jurisdictions.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So in theory that -- the cost-cutting is kind of helping you to get to earn it and will in the future at the utilities, I guess. One last just thing on the HCM. The compensation benefits procurement that you mentioned, are those included in the $200 million to $250 million or not?
Roderick K. West: Steve, this is Rod. They are currently included. I was just making the point earlier that the lion's share of that number was in the Oregon process, but all 4 work streams are and will continue to contribute to our point of view on the 200 to 250.
Operator: We'll go next to Charles Fishman at MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On the rate mitigation plan in year 6, when it's determined by the savings, who is the arbitrator of that savings? Is it MISO? Is it the state commissions? Do you hire an independent consultant? In other words, who is making that decision of what the savings are?
Theodore H. Bunting: Charles, I think if you look at what has been filed as a part of that rate mitigation plan, I think what we would -- what has been proposed is you would have an independent third-party that would be approved by some regulatory -- would be mutually agreed upon between ITC and some -- a regulatory body.
Operator: And unfortunately that is all the time that we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Waters for any additional or closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Anthony, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 4532989. The recording will be available as soon as practical after the transcript is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission due to filing requirements associated with proposed spin-merge transaction with ITC. The telephone replay will be available through August 7. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's presentation. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andrew S. Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President William M. Mohl - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodity Business - Entergy Corporation Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations Jeffrey S. Forbes - Chief Nuclear Officer, Executive Vice President of Nuclear Operations, Chairman of System Energy Resources Inc, Chief Executive Officer of System Energy Resources Inc and President of System Energy Resources Inc
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Scott Senchak Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. ITC filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC registering the offer and sell of shares of ITC common stock to be issued to Entergy's shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. This registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 25, 2013. ITC shareholders are urged to read the prospectus included in the ITC registration statement and any other relevant documents, because they contain important information about Transco and the proposed transactions. In addition, Transco will file a registration statement with the SEC registering the offer and sale of Transco common units to be issued to Entergy's shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. Entergy's shareholders are urged to read the prospectus included in the ITC registration statement and the prospectus to be included in the Transco registration statement when available and any other relevant documents because they contain important information about ITC, Transco and the proposed transactions. The registration statements, prospectuses and other documents related to the proposed transactions, when they're available, can be obtained, free of charge, from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov, and can also be obtained, free of charge, upon written request to Entergy or ITC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thanks, Paula, and good morning, everyone. As Paula said, I will give some opening comments before Drew reviews the details on what was a very solid first quarter. Over the past 3 months, the executive leadership team has spent a lot of time making sure we are focused at every level of the organization in what we are trying to accomplish and how we plan to get there. I want to take some time this morning to share some of what we've discussed with all of you. Before doing so, I would be remiss if I did not mention the tragic accident that occurred at the Arkansas Nuclear One plant on March 31. First and foremost, our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of the ironworker who lost his life, as well as the other workers who were injured when a crane carrying a 550-ton piece of equipment collapsed as it was moving the component out of the turbine building which is a non-nuclear area of the plant. We are deeply saddened by this event. Drew will touch on where we stand in the process in a moment, but I wanted to express our appreciation for all of the employees who are working tirelessly to restore order and get both units back online in a safe manner to provide a clean and reasonably priced power for our Arkansas customers. Now the opportunities that lie ahead of us are great. We've distilled these opportunities into 7 strategic imperatives that benefit our key stakeholders, owners, customers, employees and the communities we serve. I will go through each strategic imperative in turn, and in doing so, I will include an update on recent key events. To repeat something we've said many times before, we first have to do the basic things right each and everyday, including being safe in all we do, operating efficiently and maintaining secure facilities, complying with all regulatory and legal requirements, providing excellent customer service and keeping the lights on, the gas flowing and providing chilled water and steam. This operational excellence component of our business model is the key to making sure we are successful. And while we spend a large amount of time talking about the more strategic moves we make, operational excellence is where most of us spend the majority of our time each day, and it enables us to focus on the strategic imperatives. The first strategic imperative relates to initiatives we've talked about quite a bit over the last 2 or 3 years. Execute on the MISO and ITC initiatives. There are significant benefits to customers of approximately $1.4 billion projected in the first decade from the Entergy operating companies joining the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator, or MISO. Savings to customers lowers their bills, and improves our ability to fund a future investment. Joining MISO also reduces risk for owners and other key stakeholders by transferring functional control to a mature entity. The targeted cutover to MISO is December 18. Events during the first quarter include the final order in Arkansas conditionally approving Entergy Arkansas joining MISO, allowing the company to cease efforts on the standalone option; completion by an independent consultant of a review of Entergy Texas' updated analysis of the rate impact of cross-jurisdictional power purchase agreements expiring when Entergy Texas exits from the system agreement; and filings in Missouri providing notification of Entergy Arkansas' intent to join MISO. Regarding that last item, as part of the ITC filing process in Missouri, interventions by a few parties have raised MISO issues. These Missouri filings were made to resolve the issues and ensure we go to MISO later this year. Turning to the ITC transaction, it is the right transaction at the right time, with the right partner. We know that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission was directed by congress to provide a more reliable, technologically advanced grid, interconnected on a super-regional and national basis with better access to generating resources that can lower cost to customers. Historically, the fragmentation of the industry and the focus on connecting load and resources within limited regional boundaries have frustrated this objective. The addition of Regional Transmission Organizations to the mix has had a positive impact, but is not, in and of itself, enough. Therefore, in order to fulfill the objective of a more reliable grid, with access to lower cost dispatch and generating capacity, FERC has instituted rate care of structures that facilitated more regional, more accessible and more reliable grid. To accomplish this, FERC has instituted a federally-approved rate construct with specific emphasis on providing an adequate ROE, a credit-worthy capital structure and the efficiency of a forward test year that will encourage companies to achieve the national public interest vision defined by congress. ITC's unique business model is designed and positioned to achieve congress' intent to the fullest extent. But that is not enough. We also believe ITC can provide a more reliable, standardized and better run grid, that will ultimately lead to a lower overall delivered cost of energy in the mid-south, enhanced economic standing and prospects for our communities, and better opportunities for our employees to a single business unit transmission organization, both in terms of their advancement and their ability to serve the transmission business. It starts with ITC's independent -- independence and broader planning perspective. Entergy's utilities plan for the reliability needs of all customers within the Entergy region, but have limited ability to optimize those plans across regions. The Entergy Utilities also identified transmission upgrades to facilitate low-cost energy delivery to our load, they did the same for wholesale transmission customers that request transmission service or economic studies under our FERC Open Access Transmission Tariff. However, this structure typically results in economic upgrades being evaluated individually for different customers. And as with the reliability planning, we have limited ability to optimize such plans across regions. Also because we own generation, developers are less likely to share commercially-sensitive generation information for our planning studies. Only ITC, with its complete independence and non-market participant status, can develop compressive plans that incorporate such critical economic information. Only ITC can evaluate and optimize transmission planning needs for all customers, those within and outside of the Entergy region in a broader, more unified planning process that is viewed as independent and unbiased by market participants. ITC is also better able to conduct transmission planning across the scenes of RTOs, such as those between MISO, the Southwest Power Pool, SERC and TVA. ITC's rate construct is the platforms for supporting the capital investments needed to build the transmission grid of the future. ITC's independent and broader planning process will ensure ITC is able to identify the most efficient and cost-effective investments for that future. This is particularly important in an RTO structure where a more robust transmission system leads to less congestion and lower production costs, which benefit customers across regions. Beyond independence in planning, ITC's sole focus on building, maintaining, operating and owning transmission leads directly to operational excellence. Each of the 3 companies that ITC has acquired has undergone targeted, cost-effective investment and maintenance programs that led to significant improvements in transmission and system performance. ITC's transmission reliability statistics on its mature systems are top-depth [ph] file. Better reliability means reduced congestion, lowering production cost for customers. In addition, it translates to fewer outages and better power quality for our customers, and in particular, for our largest industrial customers that employ the most people in our communities. Better service reduces the economic impact of outages for these customers and leads directly to a more competitive and growing economy in our region. The Entergy operating companies participation in MISO will not achieve all of these benefits. But as a super-regional, independent transmission organization with broad experience in multiple markets, ITC will. Last week, ITC received shareholder approval for the transaction. We are now entering a key stage in the retail regulatory approval process. Regulatory staffs and intervenors have began filing testimonies stating their positions on the record. We anticipated the concerns reflected in their filings as part of the review and approval for such an important change in our business model. These are the same issues that have been raised at commission meetings and the stakeholder engagement process during technical conferences and in other forms. We look forward to discussing these concerns in the context of the many benefits of the ITC transaction and working to address them in a meaningful way. Any proposal that would transform a significant part of the electricity business in the Midsouth is going to spur debate, as it should, and there is no doubt that the transaction itself is somewhat complicated. We recognize that it is not an easy to point to quantifiable benefits as it is for the transition to MISO, which is based on the transmission system that exists today. However, the benefits for our customers, employees and communities are real. They will be produced over time as they are the benefits that will be based on what the system can become in the future under the right structure. They are worth the extra effort, we're committed to the process and we're committed to this transaction. The second strategic imperative is to optimize our organization through human capital management. This imperative is a broad-based strategic effort to analyze how to achieve sustainable savings in all parts of the organization. As the title implies, cost savings are definitely a component here, but it's not just about costs, it's broader than that. At its core, this effort, which is linked to the objectives of the other strategic imperatives, it's about redesigning and reorganization the business for the long-term, to a thoughtful and deliberate process considering all stakeholders. We do expect that workforce reductions consistent with the redesign business organization will result. I want to assure you that safety, security, reliability and compliance remain squarely in our focus and will not be compromised. Detailed plans and goals are under development now. I know you'll have questions about what all these means, all I can commit to you today is that we'll provide more clarity around mid-year. Maintaining our financial flexibility is another strategic imperative of the company. At the end of the first quarter 2013, gross liquidity stood at a substantial $3.8 billion, and all of our credit ratings were stable. As we have always done, we will work to maintain our solid financial footing even in light of the reduction in cash flow at EWC from low natural gas and power prices and markets which do not provide a fair market value for capacity due to poor market rules, and in some cases, face constant intervention by state regulators which suppresses the fair market value of these resources. As we have discussed in the past, investment grade ratings are important to us. Investment grade ratings allow us to lower costs, maintain access to capital in tough times, and support our commercial activities and capital investments. While we concurrently meet these objectives, we need to pursue and execute on the strategic initiatives I am outlining today to be better positioned to provide the financial facility required to pursue more customer and owner-focused actions, over and above current plans, such as incremental infrastructure investment, capital distributions and corporate strategic opportunities. The fourth strategic imperative is to grow our Utility business. The Utility is focused on being an -- a leading operator, meeting our customer needs through thoughtful innovative rate making, aligning efforts for customers, regulators and owners, and being recognized as a strategic partner for growing stronger communities. We want to build off the region's rate advantage through economic development in each of our jurisdiction. And as we've done before, we will need to make future investments to better serve our customers and communities. For example, on the economic development front, in the first quarter 2013, reached an agreement on a long-term contract with a new large-scale industrial facility, a steel mill in Arkansas expected to begin construction later this year. This project, along with numerous other economic development projects announced in the last several months throughout our service territory represent significant potential benefit to our communities. In aggregate, benefits could include over $40 billion in new capital and more than 20,000 jobs created, both direct and indirect with about 7,000 of those being direct. Even if only a portion of these projects come to fruition, they will have a significant positive impact for our communities. We have teams in place who have refocused and reorganized to help attract and support these projects for the betterment of our region. Continuing to develop and implement effective and efficient regulatory constructs is the fifth strategic imperative. Simply put, we want to find better ways to set rates and proactively build regulatory constructs that align prices and customer satisfaction with returns on new investment, to eliminate some of the risks we're not compensated for, provide certainty around the timing and level of recovery and keep our rates reasonable while we maintain our financial footing. Our regulators have a long-standing appreciation for constructive policies that facilitate investments for customer benefit. The approximately $2 billion in investments reflected in rates around the time they were acquired or placed in service last year is just one example. Of course, our regions have utilized from the rate plans for a long time since the mid-'90s in some jurisdictions, including provisions for timely recovery of capacity costs. To that end, I know many of you know were watching the inquiry in Mississippi on ROE methodology. In March, the consultant hired by the staff of the Mississippi Public Service Commission issued its findings. The final report did not recommend any changes to the ROE determination process at this time. In another development, supporting efficient regulatory constructs, the Public Utility Commission of Texas, founded its April 11 open meeting that they have the authority to approve a purchase power capacity writer and the capacity writer is in the public interest. This matter is again on the agenda for discussion at today's open meeting. Once approved, the capacity writer, combined with the already approved distribution and transmission writer mechanisms, provide more efficient recovery mechanisms over time, in addition to periodic rate cases. While these mechanisms are important, rate cases will always be a component of efficient and effective regulation, is part and parcel of what any regulated cost of service-based utility company does. There are standard processes and issues like ROE that are part of every rate case. And as you know, we have 4 rate cases underway now, along with the outstanding FRP filings. Additional details are provided in the appendices of today's investor news release and webcast slides. The sixth strategic imperative relates to the EWC business. Improved EWC results. This one involves costs, revenues and structure. As you know, near-term power prices in the Northeast are challenging and some of our EWC plants face financial challenges. In the first quarter, however, due to regional natural gas limitations and cold weather, daily spot power prices surged as high as $250 per megawatt hour in New England. Longer-term, we continue to have a constructive point of view on power prices against the current forward curve. While we can't control what power prices do, there are things in our EWC business we can control, and that's where we're focused. We are looking for ways to improve efficiency and productivity, we will look at what we can reasonably do to maintain the viability of these plants, while keeping safety and security as our top objectives, at the same time, we will continue to advocate for fair, competitive and efficient markets in the region. Improved efficiency and productivity, in conjunction with efficient markets, are critical to our business because we believe continued operation of our facilities brings benefit to all of our stakeholders. I know many of you are well acquainted with the views of some leaders in New York, it is important to point out that Entergy is aligned with virtually all of their stated policy objectives. We all want clean air and actions taken to address the risks of climate change. We all want good-paying jobs and investments to support our communities. We all want reasonably priced and reliable power for customers. We all want flexible infrastructure that can respond quickly to restore power following natural events, like Superstorm Sandy last year. And we all want generation diversity to support system reliability and not rely too heavily on any single type of generation, consistent with New England's concerns about gas dependency. We believe our nuclear plants are the best answer to meet all of those objectives over the long-term. Taking Indian Point as an example, as numerous studies have concluded, replacing Indian Point will not be cheap, new projects will result in higher rates for customers, more volatile costs and more emissions, but not better reliability. We recognize some counter these facts with safety concerns, particularly the proximity of Indian Point to New York City. Our plants must be, and are, safe and secure, a responsibility we hold to the highest degree. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is charged with that oversight. Along with the actions taken by all nuclear operators in the United States, the NRC regulatory oversight makes the U.S. nuclear fleet among the safest, most secure industrial complexes in the world. It has always been our desire to work with local communities to educate them on the benefits our facilities provide, consistent with the common objectives I just outlined. As to safety, it is also our desire to work with the communities we serve to assure them we are doing what we can to honor our commitment to the safety and security of those facilities, just as we have in New York, since the state of New York first sold us Indian Point 3 and Fitzpatrick more than 12 years ago, as we did when we agreed to have the Independent Safety Evaluation performed at IPEC in 2008, the only plant in the country to voluntarily submit to an extensive blue ribbon audit, and as we plan to continue in the future. As the license renewal and other processes go on, we believe these facts are important for all of our stakeholders to keep in mind. And we remain willing to work closely with whomever we can to resolve any issues in a mutually agreeable way. The last strategic imperative is more internal to how we operate as a company, corporate alignment. We are currently working toward aligning management practices and culture, such that leaders throughout the organization are capable of inspiring high-performance, acting as performance catalysts, setting high expectations and helping the organization achieve them. This strategic imperative facilitates achievement of all of the others. In closing, our long-term objective remains, as always, to create sustainable value for our owners, our customers, our employees and our communities. These stakeholders are inextricably linked, all share in the success of the company. For owners, we define value as top quartile total shareholder return. For customers, value is reasonable cost and safe and reliable products and services. For employees, value means an engaged, diverse, inclusive and safe work environment with opportunities for advancement, enabling employees to seek ways to improve success for all stakeholders. And for our communities, we define value through a successful economic development, philanthropy, voluntarism and advocacy, and by operating our business safely and in a socially and environmentally responsible manner. We're pursuing these 7 strategic imperatives I just discussed to create value for all of these stakeholder groups. For 2013, it is clear that entering MISO provides savings for customers. In closing, ITC provides incremental customer benefits beyond what MISO alone can produce. Operating more efficiently through the human capital management strategic imperative, facilitates systemwide investments, benefiting our customers and the communities we operate in, growing the utility and implementing efficient and effective regulatory constructs, support keeping rates reasonable and attracting capital through our utilities for the long-term. And improving EWC's financial standing is a necessity where we will make the right decisions, knowing their implications to all stakeholders. We have a unique opportunity today to choose, create and pursue a path of the company and its stakeholders with clear focus on our goals. And I can assure you that from the Board of Directors, to the executive leadership team, to all of us, as employees, we are prepared to seize the opportunities and make the sometimes tough decisions and implement the steps necessary to achieve success. That is who Entergy has been, it is who we are, and it is who we will continue to be. I'm sure you have lots of questions about events over the past quarter. But before we get to that, I'll turn the call over to Drew to cover quarterly results. Drew?
Andrew S. Marsh: Thank you, Leo. And good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover first quarter 2013 financial results, cash performance for the quarter, 2013 earnings guidance, a status update on the efforts following the tragic accident at ANO and a few closing comments. Now, let's turn to the quarterly financial results. Slide 2 summarizes first quarter 2013 results on an as-reported and operational basis. Operational earnings per share were $0.50 higher, compared to a year ago, driven by top line growth at Utility and EWC, results were slightly lower at Parent & Other. First quarter as-reported earnings in both periods included a special item for expenses incurred in connection with the proposed spinoff and merger of Entergy's Transmission business with ITC Holdings Corp. Spending on our spin-merge initiative reduced earnings per share by $0.04 in both periods. First quarter 2012 results included a special item for the Vermont Yankee impairment recorded at EWC, which reduced earnings per share $1.26. Slide 3 summarizes the major drivers by segment. Starting with the Utility, operational results were higher in 2013, due primarily to higher net revenue and lower income tax expense. These items were partially offset by a higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense. Utility net revenue increased due to both pricing and volume factors. Pricing adjustments included regulatory actions for the approximately $2 billion in investment placed in service in 2012. I'm referring to the Grand Gulf upgrade, the Hinds and Hot Spring plant acquisitions and the Waterford 3's steam generator replacement. All of these investments provide efficient, low-cost, clean energy for our utility customers. Net revenue for the first quarter of this year included recovery of these major investments and the associated expenses. Quarter-over-quarter retail sales also increased due to the effects of weather. At EWC, operational earnings increased $0.19 per share, due largely to higher operational adjusted EBITDA. Slide 4 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of the current and prior-year periods. The quarter-over-quarter increase of $50 million were due primarily to higher net revenue driven by higher energy and capacity prices for EWC's nuclear fleet. Average revenue per megawatt hour for EWC's nuclear business was approximately $8 higher than last year. For some time now, we have talked with you about our bullish view of power prices. Some of the factors in the recent power price movement were ones we anticipated in our point of view and some not. In addition to support of late winter weather, key fundamental drivers included robust industrial and generation gas demand and fewer operating gas drilling rigs leading to lower gas inventory levels and a roughly 25% improvement in Henry Hub price levels in the first quarter. New England natural gas and power prices also increased from lower-than-expected LNG imports, driving up delivered gas prices in that region. Capacity pricing continued to improve in New York as the effects of FERC decisions on capacity mitigation and recent retirements played out. Slide 5 summarizes our cash flow performance for the first quarter. Operating cash flow was $544 million, $57 million lower than the same period a year ago. The main drivers of the overall decrease were: higher deferred fuel refund; and noncapital storm costs from Hurricane Isaac and the December 2012 Arkansas ice storm. These decreases were partially offset by higher net revenue at EWC. Slide 6 summarizes our 2013 earnings guidance range. The as-reported guidance range was updated to reflect the special item recorded in first quarter 2013 noted earlier. We will continue to update as-reported guidance as actual costs of the ITC transaction are incurred. We also affirmed our operational guidance range of $4.60 to $5.40 per share. I'd like to point out changes in a few drivers since we originally set guidance. Last quarter, we mentioned updated pension and post-retirement cost estimates which came in approximately $0.17 per share higher than the midpoint assumption. For EWC, we've seen increases in Northeast energy and capacity prices since guidance was initiated last fall. The current projected overall average price for EWC Nuclear, which includes both energy and capacity, stand today in the range of about $50 per megawatt hour, based on contracts and market prices at the end of March. This compares to $47 per megawatt hour assumed in guidance, partially offsetting with approximately 600 gigawatt hours of lower-than-expected nuclear production in first quarter of 2013. The currently projected net effect of these price and volume variance is approximately $0.30 per share on a full year basis, relative to the guidance midpoint. On the Utility side, weather was a negative $0.10 per share versus the normal weather assumed in guidance. Other factors that can also affect results going forward include: utility sales, especially during the high-demand summer months; outcomes of rate actions including formula rate plans in Mississippi and New Orleans; and non-fuel O&M expense which can be -- which can vary depending on several factors. Another uncertainty results from the tragic industrial accident at Arkansas Nuclear One on March 31 of this year. The Unit 1 side of the turbine building incurred the majority of the damage, Unit 2 was also affected but is expected to return to service in May. For Unit 1, we are still early in the assessment process to develop cost estimates and schedules for repair of that unit. Work, to date, has focused on ensuring that the structure is stable, such that it is safe to assess what went wrong, remove the debris and then create a detailed evaluation of what is required to repair the unit. This work will provide the information necessary to develop cost estimates and schedules for a recovery. At this time, it is still too early to estimate the effects this accident could have on 2013 earnings guidance or the 3-year capital plan. We expect to finalize the estimates in the coming weeks. I want to assure you that we are pursuing all avenues at our disposal to recover damages resulting from this accident, including insurance. ANO is insured by Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited, or NEIL. And Entergy Arkansas has initiated discussions with NEIL, concerning coverage, and we're to estimate the cost and timing to return Unit 1 to service; it's too early to tell where these discussions will end up. We are working through these processes and will provide an update at the appropriate time. In closing, I'd like to highlight a few items. First, supporting our efforts to increase financial flexibility. In March of this year, Entergy and 4 of the utility operating company invoked extension provisions for their revolving credit facility. The extensions provide an additional year of liquidity under the same terms and at a low transaction cost. More than 99% of the total bank commitments under these facilities were extended and those commitments now expire in 2018. Next, NEIL talked about recent large-scale industrial development in our utility service territory. Adding new large industrial customers have the obvious benefit of providing new revenue. That new revenue includes the return on the capital required to service that customer and also contribute to existing fixed costs which helps our customers -- our current customers by spreading the cost of service over a larger customer base. In addition, the move to MISO gives us improved flexibility to serve that incremental load, openly leading to even lower costs which is good for customers and all our stakeholders. Finally, for EWC, we continue to see bullish fundamental trend in gas and power prices, in both the near and long-term. On looking ahead, we'll note that formation of a Lower Hudson Valley capacity zone. [indiscernible] occurs, as expected, by December 2014, should also provide material uplift to Indian Point revenues. While we have a bullish price outlook, there are many other factors that affect EWC's business. We'll continue to work on the things we can control, including improving efficiency and productivity, while keeping safety and security as our top objective. In all of our businesses, we are committed to maintaining focus on the things that matter, and delivering optimal value to all of our stakeholders. And now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was curious, actually to get a sense -- first on the sense of forward New England prices here. I know you realized a lot from the first quarter, are just -- have gone forward here representing the upside resulting from the cash shortages, is that the -- do you see that as being fairly characterized?
Leo P. Denault: Bill, you want?
William M. Mohl: Sure. Well we certainly saw an uplift in those markets from both the real-time and the forward perspective. So yes, I think you're right, Julien, that, that's been driving that. And so that's had an impact on improved pricing for that area.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Secondly, here, just thinking more structurally. As you think about the Indian Point asset, how much upside -- how do you think about quantifying Lower Hudson Valley next year? When are you thinking that implementation realistically takes effect? And how do you think about the downside here of the contingency planning -- how do you kind of put that all together here, in terms of cash flows [ph]?
Leo P. Denault: Let's take those 2 separately. So as you think about the LHV zone, we're cautiously optimistic that that's going to be put in place in the summer of '14. Obviously, there are some steps to follow through on and that's not finalized, but we remain optimistic that will happen. We see that as, obviously, providing an uplift in those capacity prices for that zone. It's really hard to say, but we're probably looking somewhere in the range of $2 to $4 KW month as it relates to that. So we're bullish on that issue. As it relates to the reliability contingency plan, obviously, we're engaged in that overall effort. Our point of view, quite honestly, is that Indian Point remains the most cost-effective resource to meet the reliability needs for the state, and especially for New York City. We've seen a lot of projects that are being proposed. Obviously, we're looking at each of those. A couple things you have to keep in mind, all of those projects are going to be more expensive than the alternative of continued operation of Indian Point. And majority of those projects are in the early phases, so they have to be permitted, they have to be licensed, they have to be financed and they have to be constructed. So we will continue to, kind of, work down that road, but our point of view is the best option out there is Indian Point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And, kind of, tying those 2 together, is there an opportunity for a conversation with the state about Indian Point's future at any point? I know you've kind of alluded to that in the past, is that on the table in any sense here?
Leo P. Denault: Well that -- I guess, that's always on the table. So we are always willing to engage in discussions that are mutually beneficial, but obviously we couldn't -- can't comment on these specific discussions at this point in time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then perhaps in the same vein of thinking -- looking at the Southeast portfolio rather. So Louisiana, there's been some discussion about a so-called trust structure. I'll be curious, what does that mean to you as you think about any potential middle points or consensus, if you will? I mean, is that, at all, on the table here, in any sense?
Leo P. Denault: Theo, do you want to take that?
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure, Julien. This is Theo Bunting. As what it means to us, if you read the context in which this was discussed, it was really about jurisdictional concerns, which, obviously, we knew going into this, there'd be jurisdictional concerns. So, I mean, we take this question much as we have all other questions around jurisdictional concerns and issues that have been raised in that context that resulted best from a procedural perspective was that it extended the discovery period but did not extend the overall in-date in terms of a decision from the Louisiana commission. And as we go forward through that process, we will obviously address any additional questions that may be raised as a result of this and respond accordingly. But again, it's not something that, quite frankly, we view as an issue that is dealt with any differently than all issues within the context of this proceeding. We'll address it, we'll answer the questions. We believe the transactional structure is the right structure, we believe it's the right party, we believe it's the right time. So we continue to appreciate the benefits and value associated with the transaction structure and obviously that's something we'll have to continue to work through and convey the benefits associated with that structure to all parties and ensure that they understand that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mr. Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just stepping back a little bit on the ITC transaction. But -- when you guys announced the deal, and there was an awful a long time between announcement and filing because you want to take the time to work with this different parties involved, and you just wanted the states to understand, you explained the merits of the deal and understand their concerns to trying find a good compromise before the filing process started. We now look at, kind of, intervenor testimony coming in and there is, kind of, probably the expected oppositions still showing up, and, kind of, the points being made. Is there a bridge too far to cross from where their positions are, relative to what you guys tried to educate them on beforehand? Or is this a posturing negotiation exercise? And if so, what do you guys think of the key hinge points to resolve for these parties?
Leo P. Denault: Dan, the -- I wouldn't characterize what we did in the process when we were reaching out to everybody after we announced as trying to find compromise. We would characterize that was to get a good handle on their concerns, and I think we did. And as I pointed on in my script, the kinds of things that we see in the testimony that has come in so far are the kinds of things that we would have anticipated, and actually, they're the kinds of things we've talked about with you and others over the course of that time. So there really -- it really wasn't trying to find a compromise, it was trying to make sure that we were listening to them and that we understood what they were going to be concerned about, and as it turns out, we got, I think, a pretty good handle on that. We don't think it's a bridge too far, obviously. And the bottom line here is, at the end of the day, we believe that this transaction will provide lower costs of delivered energy to our customers, and you can read that to mean lower rates for customers over time. That's going to come about based on everything that I mentioned in the script, as it relates to limiting congestion, improving reliability and access to more generation that would have happened in the alternative. We realize it's difficult to paint the picture here versus what we painted in MISO, because MISO is based on a system that exists today. If you think about all the types of issues we had to deal with when we were trying to prove up the case with MISO, as it relates to the transmission system that exist and the limitations around that, the single path through which SPP was trying to argue we couldn't get to MISO. All of those things were because the transmission system that exist today is what you are dealing with. And while it has with it inherent problems that people can point to the transmission system that exists today and how that works, it's easy to look at. You can model it, it's there. The intent of the ITC transaction is to put in place a structure that will create a different transmission system. The benefits that arise to the customers of Entergy and across the region are because a different transmission system will exist at the end of the day. So it is a little bit more challenging to convince people because you can't run a model on today's transmission system with today's generation and come up with $1.4 billion of benefits. But it's not impossible to see that future because that's exactly what congress and the FERC intended when they put in place the structure that brought about a company like ITC coming into existence. So it's very easy to see where those benefits come from. It's very easy to see that a new, different constructed transmission system across regions planned a little bit differently by people who are not market participants who create the kinds of benefits that we talked about. But the difficulty is that we can't point to the system that exists and run the models. Well that's the whole point, it's to get a new system. So it's not a bridge too far, it's just an education process that we have to go through, it's a regulatory process we're going to have to go through. I think what we've seen throughout the process is everyone is open to hearing what we have to say, the technical conferences, the stakeholder outreach, all of that, has gone very well. Had great questions from everybody, we've got testimony now, and now, as I said in my script, begins the real process of figuring out how we'd bring it across the goal line, but we do not think it's a bridge too far.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess, just going the converse, if the deal didn't get done or didn't get approved, how much of the benefits you would see from ITC, the reliability, the congestion, those sorts of things, would be gained or lost relative to ITC operating the entire systems?
Leo P. Denault: If we don't -- if ITC does not operate the system, if they don't own the system, then all of it, the value that comes from true independence, that interaction with market participants, it's different than what we would do, that planning across scenes which is different than what we would do, that planning done by a, as we would described, a super-regional transmission organization, it's just not going to happen. The transmission system of the future that congress and the FERC envisioned when they put all of this in place isn't going to come about. And so, that's -- those are customer benefits that would not be realized. But because the system is going to be planned in large -- it will be planned differently than we do it today under MISO. But MISO doesn't own the transmission systems, so they don't do the actual bottoms up planning. And they're not in the same position to have the desire to create that cross-customer boundaries, cross-regional boundaries, cross-RTO schemes, that ITC will.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mr. Stephen Byrd with MorningStar (sic) [Morgan Stanley].
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm wondering if you could -- and I'm with Morgan Stanley. Just wondered if you could give a quick update on the New York water quality process, just in terms of things we should be looking out for -- from a process timeline point of view or anything else that's, sort of, going on, on your water quality.
Leo P. Denault: Sure. Bill?
William M. Mohl: Sure. We got, obviously, 2 paths in that. So we've got the actual certification docket this before the nice deck at this point in time. And we expect a decision on that probably sometime in 2015, but, also, remember that we have the waiver argument in front of the NRC, that we probably wouldn't get a ruling on that until all of the renewal litigation comes to a close, so that would -- it's probably even beyond 2015.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Understood. And just as a follow-up on the accident in Arkansas Nuclear One. Is there an NRC process there that we should be thinking about or just as you go through the assessment process, I know it's early days, but just -- should we be thinking about a NRC process that plays into that review that you're doing?
Leo P. Denault: Steve, I'm going to let Jeff Forbes, our Chief Nuclear Officer, answer that question. I don't know that Jeff has had the opportunity to talk to you before, but...
Jeffrey S. Forbes: There is -- there has been engagement on the part of the NRC through the entire timeframe since the event happened. They've had inspectors that have been on the ground reviewing the operator response and the actions that we've taken to address the event, and I really don't see any risk moving forward with that.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Is there an NRC, sort of, review process that you need to go through in terms of coming forward with the proposed remediation or some sort of review before you're given the official approval to take whatever steps you want to take?
Jeffrey S. Forbes: Yes. I wouldn't characterize it as we need their approval to restart. But absolutely, there are steps to -- when we review the data that we've compiled. And our approach and strategy to ensure that there's no lasting effects on this when we review that with them. We have conducted some of those reviews already.
Operator: Our next question will be taken from Scott Senchak with Decade Capital.
Scott Senchak: Just -- you mentioned, earlier, the importance of an investment grade rating. And just looking at the slides, and it looks like you're EBITDA is declining at the Nuclear business, yet the capital requirements in that business are increasing. So I'm just wondering, do you see any required actions, at this point, to offset that decline in cash flow to maintain the investment grade rating?
Leo P. Denault: Drew?
Andrew S. Marsh: Well, as Leo mentioned, we've undertaken a number of different efforts to try and find ways to operate those plants more productively and efficiently going forward. And so that's been sort of our key focus while we maintain safety and security of those plants. So we're examining every process up there that we can right now, to see if there's opportunities to sort of change those trends that you're talking about.
Leo P. Denault: Then, Scott, I'll -- just from a historical standpoint. Obviously, we always have planned liquidity capital structure and all that. Not at a single point estimate, but with the idea that things could turn out better than we thought or worse than they thought, et cetera, things like the way our dividend policy has been sent out of the utility as opposed to total earnings and how we manage liquidity, as I mentioned, $3.8 billion of liquidity at the end of the first quarter. So I think the bottom line is, it's better when the prices are higher and the margins are bigger, but we plan to be able to withstand when or not. It doesn't mean we don't do anything about it when or not, but that's kind of a historical perspective.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I want to touch base with you on the System Agreement. It's rather complicated and we've gotten expirations here coming up with Arkansas and, I guess, a little later with Mississippi and you had some discussion in Texas. And I noticed the slide on SIRI and what-have-you. I was just wondering, how should we think about the expiration of the System Agreement in terms of this potential financial impact on theory or any -- or just in general, how should we think about it?
Leo P. Denault: Theo, do you want to take that?
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure, Paul. First, I guess, I'll start by saying I don't believe SIRI is a party to the System Agreement. So from a SIRI perspective, the elements of the System Agreement, I would not expect to have any impact. I mean, obviously, there is a SIRI-owned Grand Gulf, and there is a life of unit purchase power arrangement out of Grand Gulf back to various operating companies. But SIRI, in and of itself, is not a party to the System Agreement. The exit of Arkansas, as you said, is contemplated at the end of 2013. Mississippi, I believe, at the end of 2015. And obviously, as we've worked through the MISO process in Texas, there is a condition around System Agreement notification as part of that process in Texas. At this point in time, the agreement, it's contractual relationship among the companies and there is typically an 8-year notification period to exit. And the agreement, in and of itself, has parameters and provisions. It provides, basically, tariff schedules, that sort of thing. But, I mean, the companies will exit as the dates have been defined, thus far. We will continue to work through what is an efficient exit timeline as it relates to Texas as part of our commitment under the MISO change of control in Texas. And we expect to move forward with that as we've said we would, and the change-in-control conditions in Texas.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I guess what I'm trying to find out there is just in terms of as this System Agreement is unwound, is there any potential that, from a hole-fill perspective, that we'll see a -- an impact on earnings, one way or the other, as these states begin to exit? Or is it set up that it's the last state that sort of will be the impact? I mean, how should we think about -- is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of this rather complicated, I mean, it's just very difficult to follow. I mean, how, if this expires -- as it expires, should we think about any potential financial impact, I guess, is what I'm saying?
Theodore H. Bunting: Paul, I mean, I'm not -- I can't sit there and tell you if there is specific financial impacts that you see. I mean, obviously, the agreement is a FERC-regulated document to various operating companies have provisions in place today that allows the costs associated -- that result from that agreement to be effectuated through the regulatory process. Obviously, as those costs go away, they go away as you would see any other costs. And so it is an agreement that, again, moves it -- kind of governs the inner -- these intercompany transactions. And it's not an agreement, per se, that as companies exit, that we would expect to see a detrimental impact on Entergy Corporation.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So we shouldn't expect to see a negative -- that's fine, I mean, I just wanted to clarify that there's no -- we shouldn't see any significant EPS or earnings impact associated with this agreement.
Leo P. Denault: This is Leo. You shouldn't, I mean, it's really just a cost allocation. I appreciate your understatement of, " rather complicated," but it is -- it's really more of the way system costs are shared, not -- and so it's not really anything where you should see an impact.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Fremont.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess first question would be, you talked earlier about not necessarily seeking compromise in the initial phases of getting the reaction of the intervenor parties. Should we anticipate, given the number of jurisdictions, that this is more likely to go to a litigated order? Or how would you, sort of, describe the possibility of settlement in the ITC proceedings?
Leo P. Denault: Paul, it's just like any regulatory process. We're starting to see what everybody else is putting forward. If there is room for settlement, that's always more expeditious and sometimes more efficient. So if there's a potential for that, it's certainly something that we will pursue. And so at this point, I wouldn't say that you can make a call, but it's more likely to go to litigation -- to a fully litigated proceeding or not. We're just starting to see what everybody's position is, but settling it might be the more efficient way to go about it. And certainly, that's something that saves time, effort, money on everybody's part. If you can get that done, you don't have to go through the whole process all the way to the end. And I think, quite often, all parties have a desire to see that occur.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And I guess my second question has to do with -- I guess, the NRC sort of talked about embrittlement, sort of the initial finding using the old calculation. And then they raised the option of using a different calculation which, I guess, is a voluntary calculation that the company can do for Palisades. Have you been able to, sort of, go through the math of the revised calculations to see -- to get an indication of where Palisades would stand under the alternative test?
Leo P. Denault: Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Forbes: Yes. First of all, I'd say, just to put this in proper light here. This is not a new issue that you need to Palisade, it's a generic issue for the industry where all pressurized water reactors or modern reactor vessel. The public information, I think, has generated confusion on the risk here, there's a, sort of, premature shutdown of Palisades in 2017. I would just say that, that's simply not the case. Here's a very structural process as you referred to the alternate methodology, and we're following that, we will be doing inspections on the reactor vessel in the fall of this year and then folding that into our calculation. And we -- our preliminary look at this would indicate that there's a very low -- extremely low probability of there being any meaningful technical issues with that process.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So, I mean, based -- so in other words, you're concluding that you would likely come out okay under the revised calculation based on what you know right now? Is that...
Jeffrey S. Forbes: That's exactly right. Yes, that's exactly right.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And I guess the last question that I have is, there seem to be a lot of regulatory proceedings in Louisiana. If I take, also, the ITC proceeding, I mean, is just the size of the case load going to represent sort of difficulty in getting answers, timely answers, in all of the proceedings there in front of the Louisiana Commission?
Leo P. Denault: Bill?
William M. Mohl: Paul, it's -- that's -- some folks, I mean, regulatory proceedings is -- I mean, we're a regulated industry, that's what we do, a regulated company. I mean, we have procedural schedules around the ITC transaction. We're working with the staff, as a matter of fact we had a, I believe, a schedule in conferences yesterday around the Louisiana rate case. And I think we have a schedule to move forward relative to that case. There are also specific timelines around the EGSL, ELL rate cases in terms of getting a decision out of those cases. So we don't believe that the workload is obviously as challenging to all parties involved. And -- but thus far, we've seen the willingness from parties to work through various cases and work through what we view as efficient timelines as it relates to getting decisions within a meaningful timeframe.
Operator: We'll take our last call from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Neil Mehta stepping in for Michael. After acquiring the Rhode Island gas plant a year or so ago, how do you think about the size and scale on the merchant business? And whether, from an asset perspective, this is a business you'd rather seek to grow or reduce in the coming years?
Leo P. Denault: Well, I'll start, but I'll let Bill finish off. I mean, the intent is to improve the results of the business. That can come from growing it, that can come from a whole host of different structural things like we've talked about quite a bit in the past. And as far as the Rhode Island plant addition to the fleet, I think, Neil, Bill talked about this -- it doesn't necessarily add to the size of our fleet as much as it adds to the size of New England fleet. Bill?
William M. Mohl: Yes. That's right. It's we're able to use that asset not only to kind of hedge ourselves from our -- with the nuclear fleet that we've got, but it's also provided some good opportunities, especially with what we saw in the first quarter of this year, to be able to capitalize on that market up there. So I think Leo is right, we've got to focus on, kind of, getting the portfolio to a position where it's -- it looks like it's sustainable from a long-term perspective, and then we'd decide what the next steps, strategically, are, whether to add to that portfolio or to, potentially, somebody else had -- would consider that portfolio. I mean those are the options that we constantly look at. I mean, each and every day, we're looking at how do we make it more efficient, how do we make it more profitable, and what are the options on the table to achieve that.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. I would like to turn the conference back over to Paula Waters.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Tiffany, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 9708842. The recording will be available as soon as practical, after the transcript is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, due to filing requirements associated with the proposed spinoff and merger of Entergy's Transmission business with ITC. The telephone replay will be available through May 2, 2013. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Leo P. Denault - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Marsh - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations William M. Mohl - Director John T. Herron - Former Chairman of Entergy Nuclear, Chief Executive Officer of Entergy Nuclear and President of Entergy Nuclear Roderick K. West - Chief Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President and Chairman of Entergy New Orleans Inc
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for instructions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead, Ma'am.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Leo Denault; and then Drew Marsh, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. On September 25, 2012, ITC Holdings Corp. filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, registering shares of ITC common stock to be issued to Entergy shareholders in conjunction with the proposed spin merge of our transmission business with ITC. But this registration statement has not become effective. In addition, our subsidiary, Mid South TransCo, will file a registration statement with the SEC, registering TransCo common units to be issued to Entergy shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. Entergy shareholders are urged to read the proxy statement prospectus included in the ITC registration statement and the prospectus to be included in the TransCo registration statement and other relevant documents when available, because they contain important information about ITC, TransCo and the proposed transactions. These documents, when they are available, can be obtained free of charge from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and can also be obtained, free of charge, upon written request to Entergy or ITC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Paula. Good morning, everyone. Today marks the turning of the page in Entergy's story. Last week, Wayne Leonard officially retired after a long and successful career that spanned nearly 40 years. He leaves behind a legacy as a tremendous and inspiring leader to all of us. Rick Smith also retired last week. Both Wayne and Rick will be missed. They will be missed not only because of their tremendous leadership and counsel but also as dear friends of the many of us they have touched throughout more than a decade here at Entergy. That said, they leave the company and the management team well prepared for the challenges and opportunities ahead. As a result, we have 2 new participants on the call with us today. Drew Marsh, Chief Financial Officer, who you will hear from shortly to review results; and Bill Mohl, President of Entergy Wholesale Commodities, who assumed the top EWC box from Rick. They join those you already know, Rod West, our Chief Administrative Officer; Theo Bunting, Group President of Utility operations; Mark Savoff, Chief Operating Officer; Renae Conley, Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Administration; and Marcus Brown, General Counsel. Also with me today for his last earnings call is John Herron. When he announced his retirement as our Chief Nuclear Officer in December, John agreed to stay on through March to help with the transition. During his 12 years at Entergy and over his 33-year career, John made significant contributions to safe and successful nuclear operations. Most recently, he oversaw the nuclear organization through 2 major construction projects completed last year. The 178-megawatt Grand Gulf upgrade in June and the Waterford 3 steam generator replacement project in December. John is succeeded by Jeff Forbes. Over the past 14 years, the depth of our nuclear leadership has been clear through seamless transition at the Chief Nuclear Officer role. We have no doubt the time is right for Jeff to take the reins. You will meet and get to know Jeff in future earnings calls, at conferences and other events. I've said before but it bears repeating, one of the greatest gifts Wayne left to me was this leadership team. Together, we have a combined industry experience of nearly 240 years. We are facing a period of not just the well-documented challenges but also opportunities. I know the team assembled here today is up to the task. Everyone is focused on one overarching goal, to create sustainable value for our 4 key stakeholders, our owners, our customers, our communities and our employees. I know all of those stakeholders are listening in today and many of you have asked, what will change? Undoubtedly, some things will. First of all, the world around us will continue to evolve. Entergy's point-of-view driven business focus that led to significant value created over the last 14 years will not change. It is designed to identify and adapt to changes in our business, technology, economy and a host of other factors. But I can also promise you this, our values as a company will not change. Safety is the top priority. I can also assure you, we will never change our commitment to integrity, to transparency, to community service and to just doing the right thing. Another thing that won't change is our commitment to successfully execute on the initiatives before us now. And now, as in the past, I'll give you an update on where things stand. But before I get there, let me take a quick moment to talk about what's been in the news a lot since Sunday night, and that's the power outage that occurred during the Super Bowl. We spent the past week doing everything we can to see what happened. And you might have seen this morning that we traced the cause of Sunday's outage to an electrical relay device. We've now taken the device out of service, and we certainly do regret the interruption that occurred that night. Overall, the Super Bowl game itself and the festivities surrounding was a huge success. We're also proud to have been a part of it and thought the city did a fabulous job. A true showcase for a city ideally suited for such events. Our objective, like everyone else's, is to get the Super Bowl back in New Orleans in 2018, the 300th anniversary of the city. Now, moving to our proposal for each utility operating company to join the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator or MISO, following favorable actions by the Louisiana Public Service Commission, the Public Utility Commission of Texas and the Arkansas Public Service Commission, a milestone was reached on November 15. On that date, the Mississippi Public Service Commission and the City Council of New Orleans granted their approvals of the MISO requests, subject to certain conditions. Teams are fully focused on completing the numerous operational and regulatory steps required for cutover to MISO on December 19 of this year. Following the PUCT's decision granting Entergy Texas's application to transfer operational control of its transmission assets to MISO, subject to certain conditions, significant issues arose relating to certain power purchase agreements that were put in place at the time of the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States some 5 years ago. Before briefly going through the details, I want to say this. Our priority right now is to continue to work with the staff of the PUCT to resolve this issue. We believe their concerns, as well as those of the commission, can be addressed in a way that works for everyone. To summarize, at issue are PPAs between Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas that relate to natural gas and oil-fired units. At the time the Entergy Gulf States was split into 2 companies, plant ownership was assigned according to state lines. The cross-PPAs allowed for each company to have access to the capacity of the others' plants in the same ratio as before the split. These arrangements helped to minimize shifts in production cost as a result of the jurisdictional separation. Much discussion and analysis have occurred in the course of the last 2 months with respect to the effect on those PPAs of either joining MISO, or Entergy Texas exiting from this system agreement. But what's important here is that our updated analysis has concluded that Entergy Texas will be in essentially the same position with or without the PPAs. An evaluation by an independent third party is underway now to thoroughly vet this updated analysis, including its inputs, assumptions and the methodology. In any event, we have committed to preserving the principles of jurisdictional separation I mentioned earlier. Clearly, we had a misunderstanding that we wish had not happened, but we are working to resolve the issue and move forward so that all of our customers can realize the benefits of joining MISO. Additional benefits for customers and other stakeholders can and should be achieved through a complete independence of the transmission business. The proposed transaction to spin off and merge the transmission business with ITC Holdings does just that, and it is clearly a superior business model. We now have procedural schedules in all retail jurisdictions where we've filed. Generally, they call for direct testimony of staff, or in the case of New Orleans the advisers and intervenors, to begin in March and continue through midyear. Successive hearing dates are set for late June through early August. Specific dates in each procedural schedule are provided in the appendix to the webcast slides. Other upcoming steps at the retail jurisdictional level include filing a transaction approval request in Texas and Missouri. As a reminder, Texas must render a decision on change of control within 180 days of filing. As a result, the timing of the Texas filing will take into account the status of the change in control filings in other jurisdictions. At the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, protests and interventions were filed by the January deadline. We are reviewing the filings and we'll submit Entergy's and ITC's response to the issues to help clarify the record. But I would say this, the issues raised are consistent with those that have come out of the stakeholder engagement process we've been jointly undertaking with ITC since the announcement in December of 2011. We did clear one requirement for the transaction. On January 14, the waiting period expired under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act without action. We continue to target closing in 2013. In other utility developments, I'm pleased to report significant strides in our investment program over the past 3 months. On November 30, we closed the acquisitions of the Hot Spring and Hinds power plants in Arkansas and Mississippi. These modern, efficient, natural gas-fired plants provide benefits for our customers in the form of lower energy costs. Then in December, we put in service the Waterford 3 steam generator replacement project. It will allow for continued safe operation, providing fuel diversity to mitigate risks for our customers today and well into the future. In all 3 investments, our regulators were supportive by approving cost recovery mechanisms to reduce regulatory lag to a matter of days and weeks. In doing so, regulators recognized the importance to the customers to facilitate investment through timely recovery mechanisms that help to maintain the utility's credit-rating at a reasonable level and support access to capital on reasonable terms. The recovering rates today for the Waterford 3 cost is subject to a standard prudence review to be initiated no later than April 30. Our regulators' foresight helps to position the utilities well for the future as the needs for investment continue at elevated levels to deliver reliable, affordable power to our customers. Long-established legal principles also provide the foundation as we enter the year with 3 major rate cases and the ROE inquiry in Mississippi. Clearly, we have concerns in Texas. After a disappointing rate case decision last year, we are pursuing 3 parallel paths. First, on November 30, we filed a request for special circumstances recovery of approximately $15.5 million annually of capacity costs through the fuel adjustment clause. We are seeking to remedy, through a good cause exception, the commission's denial in our base rate case of recovery of capacity costs that provide economic and reliability benefits to our customers. Second, that same day, a draft purchased capacity rider rule was published in the Texas Register. Procedurally, the PUCT must act by May 31. If approved, Entergy Texas will immediately assess options in filing for cost recovery. Third, we appealed the 2012 rate case decision in Travis County District Court. We expect to know more as the year progresses. In addition, we always have the option of filing a new base rate case at the appropriate time. To that last point, the due date for the Louisiana rate cases was extended by 2 weeks, and the Entergy Arkansas rate case will be filed in March. Before moving on, I know many of you are tracking the ROE proceeding in the Entergy Gulf States Louisiana natural gas business. We do not believe the 9.4% draft recommendation from the Administrative Law Judge is supported by the facts. Our testimony points to no less than 10.1%. A final ALJ recommendation is pending. After that, the matter will be referred to the LPSC for decision at a future meeting. It is impotent to note that all parties have acknowledged that ROEs for natural gas distribution businesses are lower than for electric utilities. Turning to Entergy wholesale commodities. I would point out that, once again, the fleet ran safely and securely this quarter. The nuclear plants operated at a 90% capacity factor even with a 2-week outage caused by a transformer failure at Fitzpatrick. For the nonnuclear fleet, capacity factor was 39%. In addition, we continued hedging efforts. Notably, we increased 2015 nuclear energy hedge by 14%. We continue to evaluate the costs, opportunities and risks associated with all hedging product options, consistent with the objectives of providing downside protection against the nuclear fleet cost structures and protecting our credit metrics. Our point of view guides our evaluation of hedging products and execution timing. As we've said before, we are bullish longer-term, relative to the current forward curve. That said, prices are what they are. Near-term power prices are challenging for some merchant nuclear generating units in certain competitive markets. We have not made any decisions to shut down any of our merchant nuclear plants. We are continually assessing our businesses and investments based on our analytical, dynamic point of view approach. Our business plans must be flexible to adopt to high and low price markets, and must balance short and long-term views. The fact is some plants are in more challenging economic situations for a variety of factors. Such as the market for both energy and capacity, their size, their contracted positions, and the investment required to maintain the safety and integrity of the plants. It'll come as no surprise to you that some of our EWC nuclear plants are challenged. While we will not get into the specifics around the individual EWC plant economics, I will say that there are years when certain plants' cash flows can be negative at today's forward price curve. In the near-term, we will continue to be diligent and operate as efficiently as possible. We will do whatever it takes to maintain the safety and the integrity of the plants. We will also advocate for efficient markets in recognition of the many benefits nuclear plants offer to our communities and our customers, including the source of clean energy with effectively 0 air emissions, grid reliability supported by low forced outage rates and fuel diversity, and jobs and other contributions to the regional economy. In addition to economics, EWC efforts continued towards securing necessary approvals for long-term operations of Vermont Yankee and Indian Point. Regarding Vermont Yankee, oral argument at the Second Circuit Court of Appeals was held on January 14 before a three-judge panel. As a reminder, this case involves the state of Vermont's appeal of the January 2011 Federal District Court ruling, invalidating certain state laws regarding continued operation and barring the state from requiring a below-market PPA as a condition for continued operation. A decision could come by midyear. Two days later, we participated in a hearing at the Vermont Supreme Court. This state court hearing concerned a claim by an intervenor group that Vermont Yankee was operating in violation of past Vermont Public Service Board orders. Next steps will be established by the state court. However, given the federal district court rulings and the absence of any state ruling prohibiting operation, we will continue to operate until final decisions are reached in the federal case and in the Certificate of Public Good proceeding before the VPSB. Our right to continue operating is supported by representations to the federal district court by the Vermont Attorney General. Also at the state level, hearings on direct testimony in the CPG proceeding will be held next week. Additional testimony, hearings and briefings are scheduled through August of this year. A board decision is expected by year-end. Regarding Indian Point, the proceedings continued concerning the various license renewal efforts at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and in the state of New York. We expect these processes to continue for many years, during which we have the right to continue to operate the units. In addition, I know many of you are tracking the Energy Highway initiative and other developments in New York. In November, the New York State Public Service Commission directed Con Edison in consultation with the New York Power Authority to develop a reliability contingency plan for the potential retirement of Indian Point by the end of 2015. The Public Service Commission stated it was not taking a position on the potential closure of Indian Point, but providing potential solutions to maintain reliability in New York in the event of power plant closures. Such planning is common by utilities and appropriate. EWC has and will continue to participate in this process. Because we submitted a timely and sufficient application for a renewed license and given the status of the NRC proceeding, we fully expect that the plant will be operating well beyond 2015. In 2013, I know I don't have to remind you, we have a full regulatory agenda at the utility. In the first quarter, we will make base rate case filings for Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Arkansas. Final decisions are expected by year-end or in early 2014. The first quarter will also include the annual formula rate plan filing in Mississippi. Just this week, the MPSC approved the settlement in the 2011 test year filing, confirming performance within the ROE bandwidth, therefore, no change in rates. In addition, Entergy New Orleans will continue its efforts to resolve its 2011 test year FRP filing. In conjunction with those negotiations, ENOI will be seeking a short-term extension of its FRP for an additional year until the next full base rate filing, currently targeted for 2014. This rate case filing is a condition in the city council's approval for Entergy New Orleans' 20% participation in the 550-megawatt, Ninemile 6 combined cycle plant, which is under construction now. The new plant is currently expected to go into service the first part of 2015, and the base rate case is to be filed one year prior to the estimated in-service day. In addition, 5 of the 6 utility operating companies will seek cost recovery of extraordinary storm costs in 2012. In January, we used cash storm reserves for Hurricane Isaac in the amounts of $187 million for Entergy Louisiana and $65 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Entergy New Orleans will also seek to recover Isaac costs, as well as replenish its cash storm reserves. Recall that the city council originally approved a $75 million fund to be accumulated over 10 years. Since that approval in 2006, damages from hurricanes Gustav, Ike and Isaac have totaled approximately $80 million. Entergy Arkansas will present a cost recovery proposal to the APSC in its upcoming base rate filing to recover the $55 million to $65 million of costs for the December 25 ice storm. And finally, Entergy Mississippi will consider the level of storm accrual in its now annual audit process. 2012 was once again a year when the Entergy region was hit by both hurricanes and ice storms. We also assisted in the June mid-Atlantic and Midwest wind storm event and Superstorm Sandy recovery events. I'm proud to tell you that the Edison Electric Institute has awarded us the 2012 Emergency Response and Assistance Awards. This makes 19 awards we have won in 15 consecutive years. As you know, but it doesn't hurt to repeat it, we are the only utility in the country to win a response award every year since the inception in 1998. This year, EEI recognized our restoration work on Isaac and our assistant work on the windstorms and Sandy. Finally in 2013, the utility will focus on regulatory and operational efforts. Those include the successful completion and integration into MISO, and the closing of the ITC transaction, as well as continuing the utility' construction program, including the Ninemile 6 plant. At EWC, we will continue our ongoing hedging efforts to meet the objectives I discussed earlier. While we expect the Indian Point license renewal proceedings to continue for some time, you will likely see decisions regarding Vermont Yankee before the federal and state courts, as well as at the Vermont Public Service Board. We will analyze those carefully and evaluate next steps from there. While there are a number of regulatory operational and legal initiatives underway throughout the company, I know that each and every day, safety and operational excellence will be at the forefront for all employees. Providing safe, secure, reliable and affordable power to our customers is central to each and every one of us. Looking back, 2012 was an eventful year. We achieved many operational and financial accomplishments. After ups and downs during the year, our final 2012 operational earnings per share exceeded our original guidance range. I understand that many of you take out items like tax settlements. To that end, excluding the net tax benefits above the original guidance assumption of a 34% effective income tax rate, puts us around the midpoint of our revised 2012 operational guidance range of $5.25 per share. As you'll recall, the reduction in our guidance range was driven by external factors, namely, higher pension expense due to lower interest rates and updated actuarial experience studies, milder than normal weather at the utility and lower market power prices at EWC. Operationally, there were numerous accomplishments company-wide last year. I've mentioned a number of them already. Other operational achievements include all of the utility companies continued gains in the J.D. Power and Associates 2012 Electric Utility Customer Satisfaction study. Entergy New Orleans was named the Most Improved Utility Company and 4 of our utilities were among the top 8 performance in proactive outage communications. The nuclear fleet completed back -- breaker to breaker runs at Grand Gulf and Cooper and 2 back-to-back breaker-to-breaker runs at Fitzpatrick. The company received multiple awards and recognitions for community relations, corporate citizenship, climate protection and customer service. In closing, as you look at Entergy today, it represents a strong utility and service territories with solid economic growth, constructive regulatory relationships, manageable environmental risks and low-cost electricity during a time of rising investment needs. And a merchant generation business with safe and reliable plants that will benefit from the recovery of power markets. These businesses have and will continue to support return of capital to our owners, to our financial outlook with our current mix of businesses that support the dividend at the current level, and dividend growth potential for shareholders upon execution of the ITC transaction through the combination of Entergy and ITC dividends, and a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. At the same time, this leadership team will not relent on looking for opportunities to make things better for all of our stakeholders. Even if they are hard, even if they take time, the MISO and ITC transactions are examples of that. Throughout all of this, you can be assured we are fully focused on executing on your high expectations for us every day. Now, I will turn the call over to Drew. Drew?
Andrew Marsh: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results, cash performance for the quarter and the full year, and 2013 earnings guidance. Now let's turn to the financial results for the quarter. Slide 2 summarizes fourth quarter 2012 results on an as reported and operational basis. Operational earnings per share were $0.78 higher compared to a year ago, driven by higher earnings at Utility and Parent & Other, while results were lower at EWC. Fourth quarter as reported earnings included a special item for expenses incurred in connection with the proposed spinoff and merger of Entergy's transmission business with ITC Holdings Corp. Spending on our spin merge initiative reduced earnings per share by $0.06 in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the $0.07 per share recorded for this item in 2011. Slide 3 summarizes the major drivers by segment. Starting at the utility, results were higher in 2012 due primarily to lower income tax expense and higher net revenue. These are partially offset by higher depreciation expense. The utility's income tax expense was lower due primarily to the recent settlement with the IRS on the tax treatment of the utility's decommissioning liabilities. In this settlement, we conceded a position that we took in the 2004 return on including the utility's nuclear decommissioning liabilities in cost of goods sold. As part of the settlement, Entergy Louisiana also increased the tax basis of its assets, which entitled the company to approximately $550 million of additional tax depreciation for the tax years 2006 and beyond. This part of the settlement created a permanent book to tax difference, and as a result, an income tax expense benefit, net of interest, of approximately $155 million was recorded in the fourth quarter. Utility also realized higher net revenue compared to the same period in 2011. The net revenue increase was due primarily to weather adjusted sales growth and the net effect of pricing adjustments from regulatory actions and investments, some of which were partially offset by increased expenses. Weather for the quarter was milder than normal, but roughly in line with the fourth quarter of 2011. On a weather adjusted basis, retail sales were up 0.8% quarter-over-quarter. Growth in the residential and commercial sectors more than offset lower industrial sales. Furthermore, the decline in billed industrial sales volume was driven by temporary outages at 2 major customers. At EWC, earnings declined due largely to lower operational adjusted EBITDA, which I will review shortly. Other factors included a higher effective income tax rates and higher decommissioning expense. Decommissioning expense increased quarter-over-quarter due to a favorable adjustment to the decommissioning liability recorded in 2011 at Vermont Yankee. At Parent & Other, results improved quarter-over-quarter due primarily to lower income tax expense. Slide 4 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of each year. The quarter-over-quarter decline of $32 million was due primarily to lower net revenue driven by lower nuclear energy power prices. Slide 5 recaps our cash flow performance for the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $720 million, approximately $280 million lower than the prior year. The main drivers of the overall decrease were lower deferred fuel collection, non-capital cost from Hurricane Isaac restoration and lower net revenue at EWC. These decreases were offset partially by lower pension contributions. Now, I'll move to full year results. Slide 6 compares 2012 as reported and operational earnings for 2011. On an operational basis, 2012 earnings per share ended the year at $6.23, down from $7.62 per share in 2011. Lower operational earnings at the Utility and EWC were partially offset by higher results at Parent & Other. The main drivers for the decrease were: differences in tax benefits resulting largely from the net effects of agreements with the IRS in 2011 and 2012, as well as other income tax adjustments; lower operational adjusted EBITDA at each EWC; and higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense at the Utility due partly to higher compensation and benefit costs. Other factors in the year-over-year decline were increases in interest expense and depreciation expense. Higher utility net revenue partially offset these items. Slide 7 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for 2011 and 2012. As with the quarterly drivers, a decline in net revenue on lower energy pricing was the primary factor in the $244 million decrease. The decrease was partially offset by additional net revenue from the RISEC facility which was acquired in December of 2011. Higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense and higher taxes, other than income taxes, also reduced EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA. Slide 8 summarizes our cash flow performance for the full year. For 2012, operating cash flow was $2.9 billion, down from $3.1 billion in 2011. Drivers of the decrease included lower net revenue at EWC, noncapital costs from Hurricane Isaac restoration and higher income tax payments. These items were partially offset by lower pension contributions. Slide 9 summarizes our 2013 earnings guidance range. The as reported guidance does not reflect potential future expenses for the special item in connection with the proposed spin merge of Entergy's transmission business. As reported earnings guidance will be updated as actual costs are incurred. In keeping with past practice, we have updated a few line items in the guidance table, including final 2012 results, major income tax variances and final 2012 weather effects. In affirming our earnings guidance, we have noted that current expectations point to the lower half of the $0.80 range due to updated pension and post retirement cost estimates, which came in approximately $0.17 per share below the midpoint assumption. With 11 months to go in the year, it is still early. And even though current estimates do point to the bottom half of the guidance range, we are committed to deliver optimal results. We will continue to focus on opportunities to improve our business, including managing everyday costs, and looking for ways to safely improve efficiency and effectiveness through continuous improvement and operational excellence. One last point on 2013 as it relates to quarterly results. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, Slide 10 outlines some key events to keep in mind when considering the quarters. We had several tax items in 2012, both positive and negative. In addition, the second quarter results included a regulatory charge to reflect sharing of certain tax benefits with customers. 2012 EPS also reflected some variation from quarter-to-quarter associated with weather and normal seasonality. Regulatory actions and completion of major projects such as the Grand Gulf extended power upgrade, which was placed in service in mid-2012 can also affect quarterly timing. At EWC, the second quarter of 2012 included an adjustment to the decommissioning liability, which reduced expense by $0.16 per share. Third and fourth quarter results also reflected awards for Indian Point 2 and Vermont Yankee respectively, arising out of the Department of Energy's failure to provide timely spent fuel storage. These awards resulted in the reversal of certain previously recorded expenses. In closing, Leo outlined a vision to create sustainable value for each of the 4 key stakeholders through focus on both operational excellence and portfolio management. We must successfully identify productive investments at the Utility, which benefit customers and grow business, execute on hedging strategies at EWC that protects the value of those assets while also providing upside price opportunity, develop ways to improve efficiency, and manage risks more effectively throughout the company and execute on key initiatives. Initiatives such as the effort to join MISO, the spin merge of the transmission business and ongoing efforts to ensure our ability to run our nuclear plant through an extended license period. These actions will enable us to achieve the vision and to meet our long-term financial outlook for robust utility earnings growth, EWC option value preservation, solid capital deployment, and strong liquidity and credit quality. And now, the Entergy team is available for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Quick first question here for you. On the -- given all the rate cases upcoming, what were your earned regulatory ROEs across your jurisdictions? And I'm specifically thinking about 2012 for those jurisdictions where you're filing?
Leo P. Denault: Theo?
Theodore H. Bunting: In 2012, I think if you look at what the earned ROEs were, they were -- actually they were within -- a little above the allowed ROEs in the jurisdictions where we're talking about filing, principally Arkansas and Louisiana. So as it relates to 2012, ROEs in those jurisdictions were fairly close to slightly above the allowed ROEs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And sorry, you said Arkansas and Louisiana?
Theodore H. Bunting: Correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then with respect to Texas, if you could just comment where that is and perhaps specifically in the back half of the year and how that's trending given the PPA?
Theodore H. Bunting: I mean, obviously, as Leo spoke earlier, we have our challenges in Texas and as you would expect, given the impacts we talked about realistically in the filing of our rate case, if you remember back a couple of quarters ago, on the impact. Not recovering that capacity cost would help on ROEs. And we talked about ROEs maybe impacting earned ROEs to a level of somewhere close to 6%, and obviously, you'll see that impact in 2012 in Texas. So obviously, it's not as nice a picture as say, Arkansas and Louisiana. But as Leo laid out, we do have options in terms of how we'll work to address that, and that's our objective and goal in 2013, is to pursue the paths we have available to improve that result.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just turning to the EWC segment for a quick second. Obviously, the New England results came out the other day, can you indicate whether you committed Vermont Yankee into that auction and whether it cleared, by chance?
William M. Mohl: Julian, this is Bill. We did actually commit VY and it did clear. And you may ask a question, why did we do that? As we haven't in the past, but now that, that unit has been delisted, it's not considered a reliability must-run unit that takes away a lot of our relicensing risk as it relates to the CPG issues. So that in the event that we would encounter any problems, we could replace it with a fungible product.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Leo, just kind of following up on the comment you made earlier. Just -- you're at the daily cash generation of the assets in how you evaluate keeping the plants in service. What do you need to see market condition wise, maybe to change your opinion on whether these assets stay in service and is there some sort of time line you guys think about to try and address some of those questions?
Leo P. Denault: Well, as far as the time line goes, Dan, it's -- as you might guess, it's an ongoing time line. We never stop and we never start, it's just always something that we would be doing regardless of what's going. As far as absolute levels, we are not going to get into the specifics around plant economics at this price or that price. But suffice it to say that it's the kind the thing that we look at on an ongoing basis. We've always look at it on ongoing basis as it relates to every decision we make, whether it be continued operation, with it be hedging or whether it be any kind of portfolio management activity that might be around those assets. So there's no specific time line other than making sure that we're doing everything with our eyes wide open. The big time periods are obviously when you have CapEx that goes into it or something like that where you've got to make an assessment of how much money you're going to spend going forward. And so, if there's a time frame around which you make more decisions rather than less, it has to do with big changes in cost structure, for example, a big CapEx program or if there was something else that happened. But otherwise, it's just an ongoing evaluation.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just with the utilities, the weather normalized demand growth was seemingly well above trend for what we saw across the country. Although we did see industrial trail off a bit in the fourth quarter. Can you just kind of talk about the mix of the 1.25% growth for '13, and where you see the most positive signs, and the most concerning issues right now?
Leo P. Denault: You really faded out there, Dan, so I'm not sure. I think you asked the load growth question. So I think, Theo can answer that.
Theodore H. Bunting: Dan do you mind kind of just repeating the last portion of that? As Leo said, you were fading out.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was just wondering, with power demand growth, you guys had a good 2012 weather normalized relative to the rest of the country. What do you guys see as the trend for '13? And from a mix perspective, is residential going to continue to be so strong or is commercial catching up or how do you guys see that kind of evolving this year?
Theodore H. Bunting: I think when you -- we think about 2012, 2012 ended up pretty much in line with what we expected as it relates to growth. Not only overall, but really even among some of the specific customer classes, particularly residential. As we look to 2013, I think as we said earlier, we had -- I believe 2012 we ended at about 1.9% weather adjusted. 2013, I believe we mentioned on the last call, we were expecting somewhere in the range of 1.3%. So obviously, you see that moving down a little bit. And I think we will obviously -- it's moving down because of things you'll probably see with other companies, primarily in the area of residential, energy efficiency, programs that have caused changes relative to -- I mean, speak to government programs around lighting and such. So we do see some impacts in residential as it relates to that. We are optimistic that maybe it won't be as impacting it as much as we may think at this point in time. In the industrial, we tailed off second half of the year, much as we had expected, primarily because of outages. In 2012, we continue to see GDP much above the national average which, as we spoken of many times, has helped to differentiate us to some extent, as it relates to sales volumes. I think as you go into 2013, if you look at some of the projections around GDP, that gap starts to close. So we will probably tend to trend more to what you may see with -- across other utilities in the country. But what I'll also say is we still continue to be a place for opportunities as it relates to economic development and potential new industrial customers. So we'll continue to keep our eyes on that and obviously, as those things materialize and mature, you will start to see the impact of those. Hopefully, we'll see them in our service area. If not in our service area, you will see the impacts they may create even if they're in other service areas where they could potentially affect us through some of the impacts of changes as it relates to commercial and residential, even in support of those, if those industrial customers are not in our area.
Operator: And we will go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I just wanted to ask you guys about -- there's a decommissioning dispute that was talked about in the press this week with another company, nothing to do with you guys. Just wondering, I'm not going to ask you to comment on that but I'm just wondering are you -- have you guys had any interaction with the NRC? Is this something that you've heard about either in your neck of the -- I mean, with your plants or what have you or just any ideas about -- have there been any disputes about decommissioning calculations or any kind of review that's sort of generally generically happening at the NRC?
Leo P. Denault: I'll let John Herron address that.
John T. Herron: Yes. We are very familiar with the issue that you're talking about. Again, we don't have all the details. The Office of Investigation has concluded their investigation on that issue. I will tell you that we are very familiar with the decommissioning rules and regulations and the submittals that we have to provide to the NRC. We've had some discussions with the NRC about one of our sites. We worked that out and resolved that issue but clearly, not a 50.9 issue which is what the NRC concluded with that utility decommissioning submittal. We are familiar with it, certainly, have done a lot of detailed understanding of what went behind that and clearly, we don't have that same issue.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then there was an article just today, I think I saw on how the state of Vermont, I guess, is perhaps looking at some legislation. It doesn't sound like it's a huge amount of money but it looks like there's sort of a $40 million potential, that they're concerned about higher needs for decommissioning expense from a state perspective, it sounded to me from reading the article, as opposed to the federal level. Does the state have any -- I mean, generally speaking, my understanding is decommissioning and the requirements associated with that are completely federal. Is that pretty much the case or is there -- are there some other sort of decommissioning or cleanup costs that states might have if there was in fact, decommissioning happening?
Roderick K. West: This is Rod West. The rules relative to decommissioning are federal, federal jurisdiction in nature. We were not at all, and have not been surprised by Vermont's efforts to test the limits of the federal jurisdiction and to assert whatever state's rights or concerns they'd have around the decommissioning issue from a state interest perspective. But it is, from our point of view, primarily a federal question and those are the rules that we are seeking to abide by.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And there were examples of -- do you know of any examples where the state actually does have authority over something like that?
Roderick K. West: I can't comment on it. Sorry, I wish I could be more helpful there.
Operator: And we will go next to Kit Konolige with BGC Brokerage.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: To follow-up a little bit on the question about the earned ROEs, would it be possible to project in the guidance for '13, what earned ROEs are embedded in those expectations?
Theodore H. Bunting: Kit, this is Theo, I mean, we just don't get into that discussion.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And the other area I just wanted to follow on a little bit was on the PPA issue with the Texas Commission. Do you have a sense of what the timing might be on that, and kind of what boxes need to be checked there, who needs to be satisfied about what at this point?
Leo P. Denault: Theo?
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure. At this point, as Leo mentioned, we've prepared an updated analysis. That analysis is now being reviewed by -- with what we consider kind of an independent third party. Again, as Leo discussed and we expect that process to click -- go on through the month of February, more than likely. And at that point, we would hope that their analysis will be complete somewhere within that time line, and we would then have an opportunity to see the results, all other party see the result. And if that analysis obviously aligns with what we have done, then we would hope we could move this forward and folks would be comfortable again, that whether the PPAs -- whether you exit the system agreement, the PPAs stay in place or not, the economic effect is effectively the same. And we do believe that's a major concern and we understand that concern. And so we're moving that. We are optimistic it will allow us to move this issue along. If you had an opportunity to view the open meeting in which this was discussed, there was some discussion around how that would move. It wasn't very -- it wasn't completely clear but obviously, we know our starting point is with the staff out of PUCT and getting the staff comfortable with the body of work that's being done and giving them an opportunity to weigh in on that from their perspective and obviously, what the staff views will be communicated up to the commission and we'll just have to see how it moves at that point. But our expectation is we're doing everything we can, and we believe other parties are as well, to move this along as quickly as possible. And we believe all signatories to the NUS are obviously interested in getting to MISO as quickly as possible so customers can achieve those benefits. So we are optimistic this will move along on a quick pace.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Guys, just real quickly on Texas. At what point -- I guess my question there is there something about Gulf States Texas that leads to a lower earned ROE than what some of the other utilities, regulated utilities in Texas generally earn. Is there something that is specific to Gulf States that tends to drive that? And I'm thinking not just in 2012 or 2013, but just over the last 5 or 10 years. I'm trying to think about whether it's a structural issue with the market or a structural issue with the company.
Leo P. Denault: Theo?
Theodore H. Bunting: I mean, obviously, we're operating in a market where we're still a vertically integrated utility and subject to full jurisdiction by the PUCT. So there is no kind of market -- wholesale market type of issues. If you go back a few years, I mean, over the past 3 or 4 years, we've had successful rate outcomes in Texas and we are moving, in our view, toward a very positive path as it relates to returning to a position to earn our allowed ROEs. At the last rate case, we took a step back. And right now, our objective is to get back on that path of moving in a positive direction and heading in a positive direction of earning allowed ROEs. I can't say that structurally, there's anything different from us as it relates to operating in a vertical integrated utility market than any other vertically integrated utility. We'll just -- we'll keep working it and we've had past success and we believe we'll have success in the future.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering & Holt.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A question on kind of the weak nuclear economics. How are you looking at unit contingent hedging right now? Are you thinking about using less of those hedges and would you be open to acquiring another CCGT like in New England, like in New York to maybe held backstop some of the nuclear plants?
Leo P. Denault: Bill?
William M. Mohl: I mean, the certain part of our portfolio continues to include unit contingent hedges. As Leo mentioned, we've taken more of an approach to protect our downside and leave opportunities for the upside. And right now, we think that's probably the best way to approach it. As it relates to adding additional assets, it's pretty similar to anything that we would do. We are always looking at opportunities in the marketplace but those opportunities have to provide value. And so I wouldn't exclude that. As a specific opportunity, we currently have no specific plans to acquire any specific assets at this point in time.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up. On the New York capacity markets, could you update us with your thoughts for the expectation for a lower Hudson Valley capacity zone and maybe the timing of that?
William M. Mohl: Sure. We are cautiously optimistic that we will see that zone go into effect in the summer of '14. However, there are still a lot of details to be worked out regarding the various rules and procedures that will apply to that pricing zone. So we're actively engaged in that and trying to make sure that when that zone is put in place, that the capacity prices associated with that are consistent with the competitive market and not suppressed due to issues such as minimum offer price rules or out of market entry, that type of thing. So we are optimistic that's going to happen.
Operator: That concludes today's question and answer session. Ms. Waters, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Angela, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 6847131. The recording will be available as soon as practical after the transcript is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission due to filing requirements associated with the proposed spinoff and merger of Entergy's transmission business with ITC Holdings Corp. The telephone replay will be available through February 15, 2013. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Leo P. Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations Richard J. Smith - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodities
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin today with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. On September 25, 2012, ITC Holdings Corp. filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, registering shares of ITC common stock to be issued to Entergy shareholders in connection with the proposed spin-merge of our transmission business with ITC. But this registration statement has not become effective. In addition, our subsidiary, Mid South TransCo, will file a registration statement with the SEC, registering TransCo common units to be issued to Entergy shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. Entergy shareholders are urged to read the proxy statement prospectus included in the ITC registration statement and the prospectus to be included in the TransCo registration statement and other relevant documents, when available, because they contain important information about ITC, TransCo and the proposed transactions. These documents, when they are available, can be obtained, free of charge, from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov, and can also be obtained, free of charge, upon written request to Entergy or ITC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wayne.
J. Wayne Leonard: Thanks, Paula. Good afternoon, everyone. We are relieved for all of you that we can be here today to talk to you now that Hurricane Sandy is gone and the restoration is well underway. Entergy sent teams of more than 852 workers and support staff to assist in the restoration effort from Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. The first wave, last Saturday, October 27. The second was requested and immediately assembled last Monday. As you know, we are well acquainted with major storms. We also know that every storm has its own unique challenges. That was the case for us, this last -- past quarter, when Hurricane Isaac made its way through our service territory in late August, and last week for many of you. For us, it was a low-level hurricane 1 that just wouldn't leave. It was unique in its lifespan, limiting restoration and dumping 20 inches of water on many parts of our territory. For many of you, it was another unique low-level hurricane at the end of the storm season colliding with the onset of the winter storm season. And more importantly, it was unique in its massive size. Both hurricanes remind us, it's not the peak intensity of the hurricane that matters most, but the amount of integrated kinetic energy, or what they call IKE. Because of its size, Sandy now ranks #2 of all time on the IKE measure in its cumulative destructive power that the Northeast endured. Actually, it lands right ahead of Katrina and right behind Isabel in 2003. Among other things, storm surge correlates most highly with IKE, not the Saffir-Simpson hurricane intensity scale. Most all deaths from hurricanes result from storm surge. Many in the country may not appreciate how a low-level hurricane can be so destructive. But in Louisiana, we certainly understand what you all experienced. Today, you're in the midst of what for some may be a long recovery effort, particularly with the threat of another storm within the week. Our thoughts and well wishes continue to be with each and every one of you in the storm's path as you begin that recovery. With that in mind, and the fact that the fall EEI conference is next week, and you have a lot of companies to prepare for, Leo and I will try to cover the waterfront today so your time can be used most efficiently this week and next. That means more time for talk and probably less for questions today, but we expect it will help to make our meetings next week be as focused as possible on what really matters to you relative to Entergy. And the fact is we simply have a lot of aspirations for our stakeholders and goals and objectives necessary to achieve them, and the activities around them never seem to slow down. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. In that regard, we are very pleased to report to you substantial progress on one of those key initiatives that is projected to provide significant benefits to our customers and all stakeholders. Of course, I'm talking about the recent unanimous approvals in 2 retail jurisdictions on the proposed move to join the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator, the Regional Transmission Organization, by December 2013. First, on October 25, the Public Utility Commission of Texas voted unanimously to approve, with conditions, Entergy Texas' proposal to transfer operational control of its transmission facilities to MISO. Then the next day, the Arkansas Public Service Commission issued Order #72, giving its conditional approval to Entergy Arkansas' request to move to MISO also. With these 2 orders in place, plus the May conditional approval by the Louisiana Public Service Commission, we are well on our way towards a structure that will create up to $1.4 billion of projected customer savings across all Entergy's utilities jurisdictions. To quickly recap events over the past 3 months. In early August, the Arkansas Commission issued Order #68 stating, "While they previously found an RTO was in the public interest, they were unable to reach a finding at that time, nor did MISO was in the public interest." Consequently, they set out 19 specific conditions necessary to reach that conclusion. Most of the conditions Entergy Arkansas or MISO had already agreed to. In response, both Entergy Arkansas and MISO filed motions describing how they would meet those conditions. And we are pleased that in the October 26 order, the APSC found that Entergy Arkansas and MISO had, in fact, either complied or substantially complied with Order #68 conditions. There was one exception, relating to the MISO governance proposals intending to formalize current practice regarding transmission planning and to give state regulators more authority regarding transition cost allocation. Specifically, MISO must file proof that these proposals have been officially approved and adopted by the appropriate MISO entities. Evidence of that was provided to the APSC last Wednesday. The APSC can now issue its final conditional approval. In Texas, as I indicated earlier, at the end of October, the Public Utility Commission issued an order approving a nonunanimous settlement, or NUS, with certain modifications supporting Entergy Texas' move to MISO. Parties to the NUS were: Entergy Texas and MISO, the staff, the industrial groups, the cities and state agencies, East Texas Electric Cooperative, Southwestern Public Service Company and NRG. No stakeholders expressed opposition, except SPP. In their proposal for decision on NUS, the administrative law judges found that the settlement "represents an integrated resolution of all signatories' concerns." The PUCT's approval followed ETI and other parties' acceptance of proposed modifications to the NUS as discussed at the October 19 and October 25 open meetings. The MISO change of control applications remain pending but not stalled in Mississippi and New Orleans. In mid-September, Entergy Mississippi reached a settlement with the Public Utilities Staff that supports Entergy Mississippi's proposal to join MISO. Around the same time, the South Mississippi Electric Power Association, a co-owner of Grand Gulf Nuclear Station and a wholesale electric provider within Entergy Mississippi's footprint, filed a testimony that they no longer oppose Entergy Mississippi's move to MISO subject to certain conditions. In addition, the Municipal Energy Agency of Mississippi, Entergy Mississippi's largest wholesale customer, filed a joint stipulation supporting change of control to MISO in mid-August. No parties in Mississippi, other than SPP, are in opposition. The Mississippi Public Service Commission is scheduled to issue a decision at the open meeting on November 15. In New Orleans, the October 23rd hearings were suspended to allow settlement discussions to proceed with the council's advisors which they have there. Joining MISO marks a significant transformation of the Entergy system, providing greater independence, transparencies and efficiencies, and providing substantial benefits for customers, contributing to the ability to maintain affordable rates for Entergy's utility customers. Joining MISO also addresses the upcoming exits of Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi from the System Agreement, to be followed by the exit of Entergy Texas envisioned by the terms of the PUCT's October 26 Order. The Texas agreement on MISO requires a transition study regarding the determination of the impact of Entergy Texas leaving the Entergy System Agreement and the earliest feasible date to do so. The target completion date for this study will be set to allow the PUCT sufficient time prior to a October 2013 deadline established by the order for Entergy Texas to give notice to exit the System Agreement. Of course, approval to join MISO or another acceptable RTO is one requirement to close the proposed spinoff and merger of the transmission business with ITC Holdings Corp. We have now taken the next major steps in the ITC transaction, a transaction that creates complete independence in all aspects of transmission service and ownership, providing additional benefits to customers and other stakeholders. Critical to creating and expanding regional markets for generation is not just establishing transparency and independence, but the elimination of any perception of a conflict of interest. Those steps include initiating the approval process in every jurisdiction except Texas and Missouri. That is not a misstatement. We do have a very small amount of transmission assets in Missouri, and just recently were accepted as a public utility there. At this point, remaining filings are targeted by year end. Given that the PUCT is required to issue an order within 100 days of filing, Entergy Texas plans to monitor the other utility operating companies for further information on procedural schedules. To that end, procedural schedules have already been adopted by the City Council of New Orleans and the ALJs in Louisiana. The procedural schedule in Louisiana supports a decision at the September 2013 business and executive meeting. In New Orleans, the procedural schedule provides for hearings in July 2013. In September, ITC began the shareholder approval process by filing its Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. ITC shareholder vote is anticipated in the first half of 2013. Other transactional filings in the quarter include applications filed with FERC requesting certain approvals related to the transaction, including approval for change of control over transmission assets and a request for private letter ruling with the Internal Revenue Service to confirm the tax-free nature of the transaction. We continue to target closing in 2013. Another topic on shareholders minds across the country is the allowed return on equity levels for the utilities given the low interest-rate environment, particularly in our case, since 3 utility operating companies will be in rate cases next year. The appropriate level of allowed ROE is an issue in every rate case. The risk premiums, that is, the difference between the risk free debt rate and the required equity returns, are generally part of the various methodologies to set the ROE, but that is only an input or a relative measure depending on methodology that's being used. The litmus test is whether regulators have met a legal responsibility to provide utilities with an opportunity to earn a return on invested capital as adequate to maintain the utilities' credit ratings at a level that supports access to capital, in really simple terms, so that utilities can continue to make investments necessary to reliably serve customers now and in the future, given the obligation to serve and the various service standards associated with those franchise agreements or otherwise imposed by law -- other laws. Thus regulators must reflect those facts in setting the ROE, consistent with the Supreme Court findings in both Hope and Bluefield cases, which have been a foundation for ROE-setting for nearly 70 years. Nobody is suggesting this should be or ever has been a guaranteed return. But the actual opportunity to earn on invested capital must fall within the zone of reasonableness relative to meeting standards for attracting capital in competitive financial markets. In most cases, properly setting base-period revenues and costs includes fixed known and measurable changes for the period rates will be in effect. That's just as important to meeting the law and to maintain access to capital and solid credit rating as the absolute allowed ROE level. That is the main issue we have once again in Texas. In September, the Public Utility Commission of Texas issued its order on Entergy Texas' rate case, essentially affirming the ALJ's proposal for a decision which failed to satisfy this most basic principle necessary to maintain the confidence of the market and the credit rating agencies. The PUC decision resulted in a $27.7-million base rate increase and, as stated, 9.8% allowed ROE, the lowest ROE ever given by the PUCT to a vertically integrated utility. But as I said on the last earnings call, Entergy Texas will not be able to actually earn even its historically low ROE due primarily to $30 million of purchase power capacity costs that were effectively disallowed, not for prudency reasons. But it's not meeting the fixed known and measurable tasks in the minds of the Administrative Law Judges, and then supported by the commission. Entergy Texas continues to review its options in light of this final order and recent denial of its recent request for rehearing, including seeking relief through the courts. Other options include simply preparing to file a new base rate case, filing to implement the transmission rider for costs that were deemed not meeting the known and measurable standard, requesting the recovery of purchase power capacity costs by a special provision in the fuel adjustment clause and pursuing a purchase power capacity rider by itself. To that last point, late last month, the PUCT held a technical workshop to discuss the staff draft rule for a purchase power capacity rider. We and other utilities raised some concerns on the draft rule regarding whether and how load growth should be taken into account and post exclusion of affiliate purchases, and how non-purchase power embedded generation should be considered. Still, even as proposed, in our current set of facts and needs, the purchase power rider accrual would help to mitigate the regulatory lag issues we're experiencing on the capacity purchases. A notice of the proposed rule could be published later this month. Once published in the Texas register, the PUCT would have up to 6 months to act on the proposed rule. Adding to the discussion on ROE, in August, the Mississippi Public Service Commission opened inquiries regarding ROE to formulate methodology for Entergy Mississippi and Mississippi Power Company. This inquiry is limited to process, not setting ROE levels. EMI has a robust process already. The allowed ROE bandwidth for Entergy Mississippi changes annually based on a formula tied to relative and absolute interest rates at year end, and then performance adjustments for price, reliability and customer satisfaction. Also noteworthy is that Entergy Mississippi's formula rate plan, including the ROE methodology, was last thoroughly reviewed in 2010. The Public Utilities Staff and consultants report is expected by year end. This will be a comprehensive process where EMI will be afforded the opportunity to provide input and respond to other viewpoints as well. A discussion of the quarter would not be complete without applauding the substantial efforts of our employees and mutual systems partners who traveled a combined total of 5 million miles to restore power in our service territory following the Hurricane Isaac. Experts' early predictions for the 2012 would be a relatively tame hurricane season. While there were no major hurricanes, those 3 and above, that actually hit U.S. land, mother nature still threw us a couple of curve balls that we have seldom seen before. For us, it was Hurricane Isaac, the guest that wouldn't leave, who struck the Gulf Coast in August. And for many of you, it was a very unlikely Sandy which showed up after closing time and was massive in its size for any time in the year. While Isaac was deemed only a Cat 1 storm, its slow-moving, sustained high winds and rainfall and storm surge created havoc across our service territory, especially in Southern Louisiana, dumping over 20 inches of rain in many areas that are already low-lying, where 20 inches can become 5 to 10 feet very fast. The combined outage peak for each utility company was more than 787,000 customers, making it the fourth-largest storm in company history. This was my 18th major storm since coming to Entergy. Each time, I'm always amazed not only by the dedication of our people to return power to customers as safely and quickly as possible in the toughest of conditions, but the desire and ability to continuously improve. While we recognize the hardships many of our customers endured going days without power, the fact is that Isaac restoration was faster than other storms with a similar number of outages. Far and away, the hardest hit area in the entire system were parishes in Southern Louisiana. And the 8 parish presidents in Lafourche, Plaquemines, St. Bernard, and St. Charles, St. John the Baptist, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa and Terrebonne have been extremely complimentary of Entergy. These people understand storms. They have been flooded out despite massive earthen levies supplemented with extensive sandbags. They've seen massive trees that look like they would stand forever broken and fallen right before their eyes. In a public letter to the company 2 weeks ago, they affirmed their complete support for what we do and how we do it, both in the good times and the tough conditions we often have in severe weather events, and their gratitude for being served by an Entergy utility. In fact, a Department of Energy expert who was on site gave Entergy an A+, calling it an unbelievable performance compared to what they had seen elsewhere and would expect in such conditions. Some of our elected officials found DOE's assessment suspect and opened inquiries into what took so long. For the record, once winds subsided sufficiently to permit safe restoration, 90% of the customers were restored in 4 to 5 days. And as for the top priority in any storm, or any day on the job for that matter, we had no fatalities and only one lost-time accident during the restoration. One, of course, is one too many, but all in all, a safe effort to the credit of our 10,000 boots on the ground and many others. There will be lessons learned and we'll work individually and cooperatively with our retail regulators to identify and implement them. At the LPSC's October 24 business and executive meeting, the Louisiana utility operating companies believed they fully addressed the questions resulting from the recent "LPSC Electric Utility Hurricane Isaac inquiry" and planned to make their formal storm filing in 2013. Also, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana have committed to participate in a future rule-making process to be sponsored by the LPSC, with participation by all Louisiana electric utilities and a focus on potential improvements in storm restoration processes and procedures. In regard to the inquiry in New Orleans, Entergy New Orleans will file a report by early 2013 regarding Isaac restoration efforts. And we will continue to work with the City Council and its advisers to address their questions, as we did at the LPSC. At Entergy Wholesale Commodities, overall operationally, the fleet continues to perform well. We also continued to further key efforts for license renewals on our nuclear fleet. Three weeks ago, Phase 1 hearings began before the 3-panel judge of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's Atomic Safety and Licensing Board on 9 contentions at Indian Point. Prior to the hearing, a settlement was reached on one contention with Riverkeeper and Clearwater related to the NRC's assessment of groundwater quality at and around the site. Hearings will continue until December, followed by rulings by the ASLB on each contention. Based on past precedents, we expect this process to take at least 1 year to complete. Additional hearings [indiscernible] were slated [ph] in Phase 2 on at least 4 other contentions. There had been more than 150 contentions filed so far and 21 have been accepted for hearings to consolidate it into 16 issues. Of those 16, 3 have been settled or otherwise resolved. Based on the media and questions we received from many of you at times, we feel it's important to keep the law front and center. Through all the license renewal-related legal and regulatory proceedings in Indian Point, only the NRC has the authority to shut down the plant. Indian Point is a safe plant. It was confirmed by a blue-ribbon panel of independent experts in a 2008 review. It's also a vital plant in New York, as confirmed by numerous independent studies. In fact, 3 more independent reports were assessed -- released just this past quarter confirming the valuable benefits to the community at large. First, at a mid-September Manhattan Institute event, a report was released by noted economist Jonathan Lesser finding that closure of Indian Point would lead to a $1.5-million to $2.2-billion annual increase in electric cost between 2016 and 2030, 26,000 to 40,000 jobs lost annually and would cause the New York ISO to violate its own standard for reliability and lead to rolling blackouts. The total net economic impact from the loss of Indian Point was pegged at $1.8 billion to $2.7 billion every year. And I don't care if you live in Louisiana, Mississippi, Arkansas or New York; that's a big number. The report concluded by stating all alternatives for replacing IPEC are limited and costly and all will result in higher electric rates for everyone in New York. Another report issued in September by the Business Council of Westchester and the Westchester Business Alliance also was confirmed and supportive of Indian Point's continued operation. Mayor Bloomberg has been active in securing independent studies to get to the truth on the importance of Indian Point to New York City. For example, the mayor's 2011 long-term plan report known as PlaNYC discusses both the reliability and pollution effects that would result if Indian Point were closed. Additional pollution could have serious health consequences for the city's residents. Those consequences include, for example, death from lung diseases or chronic breathing problems like asthma. The critical summary of these studies is, Indian Point's importance not only applies to the system reliability, but to human health and harmful air emissions avoided by the plant's continued operations. Just last week, Mayor Bloomberg came out with what may be the first firm voice of the political season on the need to deal with carbon emissions. Every year, Indian Point avoids nearly 14 million tons of CO2 emissions, as well as other pollutants such as sulfur dioxide and nitrous oxide, compared to any likely replacement scenario. I know you've heard and read many other opinions, but as to grid reliability, the New York ISO is the expert. The 2012 Reliability Needs Assessment published in September confirmed reliability concerns highlighted in all the other reports you've seen. As in the past RNAs, the report found that reliability violations would occur immediately in the base case conditions if both Indian Point units retired at the end of 2015. Many of you are following closely Governor Cuomo's Energy Highway Task Force as well. Recently, the energy task force issued a document entitled "New York Energy Highway Blueprint". It is the product of their review of the 103 proposals submitted earlier this summer in response to an Energy Highway request for information. The report acknowledges the criticality of Indian Point, saying, "The acute nature of the expected system impact, should Indian Point not be relicensed, requires the reliability contingency plan to be developed on an expedited implementation schedule." While the report makes no assumption around the probability of a closure of Indian Point, it states, "the contingency plan should acknowledge the need to meet an aggressive timeline in the event of retirement," and include suggestions for opportunities to improve current regulatory process to accelerate the development schedule. At the same time, the report notes the economic need as it called for "halting mechanisms" to any contingency plans in order to avoid unnecessary costs in the event Indian Point remains in operation. We understand their anxiety over closure, but don't necessarily share whatever odds they put on that outcome. Entergy, along with numerous independent experts, believe it is virtually impossible to replicate the economic, environmental and reliability benefits provided by Indian Point, even in the long run. Public polling also continues to show a strong majority support or do not oppose Indian Point's continued operation. And it's not just our polls. Just recently, Newsday published a Siena College poll that they commissioned of Westchester and Rockland County residents' reaction to local issues. On the question, "Are you in favor of closing the Indian Point Energy Center, or you do prefer it remain in operation," 57% said they preferred to keep the facility open, 9% had no opinion, and only 3% -- 33% favored shutting it down. And that is in spite of a lot of misunderstanding and misinformation in the wake of Fukushima. While we strive for constructive relationships in the communities we operate, this is not decided by popular vote. If it were, you could call this contest right now. But it comes down to one basic issue: in the opinion of federal experts, is Indian Point safe to operate another 20 years? We believe it is undeniable and the facts will support that. Turning to Vermont Yankee. In 2012, the state of Vermont experienced 2 setbacks in federal court on their efforts to close Vermont Yankee. In January, the U.S. District Court for the district court of Vermont issued a ruling invalidating state laws regarding license renewal and barring the state from acquiring a below-market power purchase agreement for continued operation. But in June, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rejected the state's appeal of the NRC's license issuance because they failed to exhaust their administrative remedies and supported the NRC. An appeal to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals of the January district court decision remains pending, along with Vermont Yankee's amended petition for a certificate of public good that's before the Vermont Public Service Board now. Before closing, I'm pleased to report Entergy was once again named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and to the North American Index. Entergy earned top scores in 5 areas, reflecting excellence across all 3 dimensions of the scorecard: economic, environmental and social. This is the 11th consecutive year the Dow Jones Sustainability Index has included Entergy in either the World or the North American index, or both. In addition, Entergy was included in the 2012 Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index for the eighth time in the past 9 years. As I said at the opening, this is my last earnings call. Leo Denault will assume the role of Chairman and CEO on February 1. Having worked with Leo for almost 25 years, I have no doubt he is the right choice. My personal opinion is he steps into the position already as the best CEO in the industry. He is just that good, and I've been around all of them. He has the knowledge and the experience. He steps in with fresh legs and fresh ideas. Over the last of couple of years, we've made many management changes to ensure the next CEO would have the strongest team ever assembled at Entergy. A team that has worked together many times on various issues and projects. A team ready to address today's challenges, complete initiatives underway, as well as identify and execute on new ideas and opportunities to create sustainable value for all of you. One of those individuals is Drew Marsh. Drew will replace Leo as CFO. He is extremely well versed in all aspects of our business and has been the go-to guy on tough assignments for some time. At EEI next week, you'll have a chance to meet Drew, as well as Bill Mohl, the incoming President at EWC who will replace Rick Smith when he retires January 31 also. Through his long career, Rick's leadership and dedication has been invaluable, not only to you, but certainly to me personally. But we are extremely pleased that someone of Bill Mohl's caliber and extensive experience in natural gas and energy markets, combined with hands-on experience in the regulatory arena, will be leading EWC going forward. I know you will come to really appreciate what both Drew and Bill bring to the management team, just as you have in our decision to fast track Rod West over the last couple of years. We will have an unusually large contingent at EEI this year as the result of a well-timed and thoroughly designed succession plan for a seamless transition by a very active Board of Directors who takes corporate governance for the priority it is and should be in this day and age. We look forward to seeing all of you there. And now, I will turn the call over to Leo. Leo?
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning -- or afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover third quarter 2012 financial results, cash performance for the quarter and earnings guidance and other forward looking financial updates. Starting with our financial results on Slide 2. Third quarter earnings were lower than a year ago. Third quarter as-reported earnings included a special item for expenses incurred in connection with the proposed spinoff and merger of Entergy's transmission business with ITC Holdings. Spending on our spin-merge initiative reduced the quarter's earnings per share by $0.06 at the utility. Now let's turn to operational results for the quarter. Slide 3 summarizes the major drivers for operational earnings. Utility results were lower than a year ago due primarily to higher income tax expense, higher non-fuel O&M and higher depreciation expense, which were partially offset by higher net revenue. Income tax expense was higher due primarily to the absence of the IRS settlement obtained in the third quarter of last year, which significantly reduced income tax expense in 2011. The reduction in income tax expense was partially offset by a reduction in net revenue or the regulatory charge recorded to reflect the agreement to share the tax benefit with Entergy Louisiana customers. The net effect of these 2 items quarter-over-quarter was $0.93 per share. Excluding the regulatory charge, utility net revenue was slightly lower than last year. The decrease was due to weather. Weather in the current quarter was positive but significantly lower than the extreme weather we experienced in 2011. Sales were also affected by power outages caused by Hurricane Isaac. These decreases were largely offset by the net effect of regulatory actions in several jurisdictions and increased net revenue from weather-adjusted sales growth. Although overall weather-adjusted sales growth was essentially flat, net revenue increased due to growth in higher-margin residential and commercial segments. The decline in industrial sales was partially due to a customer outage. Higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense also contributed to the earnings decline, driven by several factors. Last year, O&M included a deferral of previously expensed fossil plant outage costs at Entergy New Orleans. The current quarter includes a temporary increase in Entergy Mississippi's storm reserve and higher costs related to Entergy Arkansas' energy efficiency program, both of which are offset by net revenue as well as adjustments related to Entergy Texas' final rate order. Compensation and benefits expense also increased due to higher pension expense. Slide 4 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for the third quarters of the current and previous years. The quarter-over-quarter decline was due primarily to lower net revenue and increased non-fuel operation and maintenance expense. Lower power prices continue to affect EWC's net revenue. Nuclear generation also declined as a result of increased refueling and unplanned outage days. Lower production was partially offset by the exercise of resupply options under power purchase contracts. Additional net revenue from RISEC, which was acquired last December, partially offset the overall decrease. Higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense also contributed to the decrease in operational adjusted EBITDA. The increase was due primarily to higher compensation and benefits costs, largely pension. The RISEC acquisition also contributed to higher non-fuel O&M. EWC's earnings declined as well, but to a lesser extent. Two factors which offset the operational adjusted EBITDA decreases: a lower depreciation expense and a lower effective income tax rate. In the third quarter of 2012, we received approximately $100 million in damages for Indian Point 2 as a result of the Department of Energy's failure to provide timely spent fuel storage. Damages awarded in this case allowed for the reduction of approximately $23 million, pretax, of certain previously recorded expenses, notably depreciation, with the balance reducing property, plant and equipment on the balance sheet. The lower effective income tax rate was due primarily to an intercompany item and is offset at Parent & Other. Before we leave EWC, I'd like to mention one item in our earnings release. As you can see on Slide 5, we've modified the information provided in Table 7, now titled Entergy Wholesale Commodities Capacity and Generation. For the EWC nuclear portfolio, we've updated the pricing details to better reflect the products we use to manage price risk, including fixed-price physical and financial sales and contracts with price variability depending on market conditions such as calls, puts and collars. As a result, we now provide multiple price scenarios for the average price contracted at Entergy, assuming all contracts are sold at a minimum price level, contracts being priced using September 30 market prices and contracts priced assuming a $10-per-megawatt-hour move in market prices, up and down. In addition, we changed the capacity and energy revenue section to reflect the expected total revenue on a per-megawatt-hour basis on the entire nuclear portfolio at quarter-end prices, as well as a plus-or-minus $10-per-megawatt-hour market price sensitivity. The changes to this table are intended to give you more insight into the price risk protection and revenue potential for EWC's nuclear fleet. Slide 6 illustrates the nature of some of our hedging products, whereby the potential for price variation is asymmetric, with more upside opportunity than downside risk. Now turning back to results. Operational earnings at Parent & Other declined due primarily to higher income tax expense at Parent & Other activities. The higher income tax expense was due largely to the intercompany item between Parent & Other and EWC, which I noted earlier. Slide 7 recaps our cash performance for the quarter. Operating cash flow for the current quarter was approximately $1 billion, $121 million lower than the same quarter last year. The decrease was driven by lower net revenue at EWC and noncapital costs for Hurricane Isaac restoration. Our 2012 earnings guidance ranges from $3.44 to $4.24 per share on an as-reported basis and $4.85 to $5.65 per share on an operational basis. The as-reported earnings guidance range was updated to include special items recorded in the current quarter and does not reflect potential future expenses for the proposed spin-merge of Entergy's transmission business. Our practice is to maintain our guidance range unless we have a reason to believe actual results will fall outside of the range. Although we are not changing our 2012 operational guidance range, current indications continue to point to the upper end of the range. For the past several years, we have provided our forward-looking financial update immediately before EEI's fall financial conference. However, this year, with almost a week before the start of the conference, we felt that it may be helpful to give you a head start and include 2013 guidance, the long-term financial outlook and the preliminary 3-year capital plan with this release. Slide 8 summarizes the 2013 earnings guidance we are initiating today, which ranges from $4.60 to $5.40 per share on an as-reported and operational basis. Following the same practices as in 2012, the as-reported guidance does not reflect the potential future expenses for the special item in connection with the proposed spin-merge of Entergy's transmission business. As-reported earnings guidance will be updated to reflect these special items as actual costs are incurred. I won't go through the guidance table line by line, but I do want to point out a few highlights. Starting with 2012, the adjusted starting point is $5.55, which is in the upper end of our operational guidance range. This is consistent with current indications of where the year will end up. The starting points were also adjusted for each of the reporting segments to reflect our current expectations and to improve alignment of certain intercompany items, which will reduce intercompany effects between EWC and Parent & Other and do not affect consolidated results. Now let's turn to Utility. Utility's 2013 guidance midpoint is slightly higher than the revised starting point for 2012 and reflects completion of several large projects in mid to late 2012, specifically Grand Gulf's power upgrade and Waterford 3's steam generator replacement. Guidance also assumes that Hinds and Hot Springs are in service for all of 2013. Just a reminder, with Department of Justice's review of the Hinds and Hot Springs transactions is ongoing. Closing has been delayed while the DOJ continues its review. We do not know when the DOJ will conclude its review or the extent to which its review of the transaction will be affected by the ongoing civil investigation of competitive issues of the utility operating companies. However, for guidance purposes, we assumed these assets are in rate base for a full year. Reasonable [ph], these major projects affect several line items in our guidance table. Net revenue increases from placing these projects into rates and includes recovery of direct costs, as well as a return on our investment. Expense increases include non-fuel O&M, taxes other than income taxes and depreciation expense. Other income is also affected, as we no longer record AFUDC on construction projects once they are placed in service. Utility net revenue assumptions also include other rate actions and the corresponding increases in other expenses, such as Entergy Arkansas' energy efficiency rider and Entergy Mississippi's storm rider. The Utility's 2013 guidance also reflects the absence of 2 significant items that were present in 2012. In the second quarter, the Utility recorded a benefit from an IRS agreement which reduced income tax expense, and the associated agreement to share those benefits with customers in Louisiana, which reduced net revenue. The net effect was a $0.44 earnings per share benefit in 2012. The Utility recorded an increase in income tax expense in the first quarter of 2012 associated with the write-off of an Entergy Gulf States Louisiana regulatory asset, which reduced 2012 earnings by $0.25 per share. Turning to EWC. The guidance midpoint reflects a decline in average energy prices year-over-year and assumes market prices as of September 30. EWC's guidance also reflects the absence of 2 items included in 2012 results. Second quarter results included an adjustment in the asset retirement obligation, which reduced decommissioning expense by $0.16 per share. As I noted earlier, in the third quarter, Indian Point received proceeds from the resolution of litigation related to the DOE's failure to provide timely spent fuel storage, which reduced depreciation expense as well as non-fuel O&M. I'll also note the non-fuel O&M increases includes higher costs for the RISEC facility for planned maintenance work. There are also a few assumptions that apply to all businesses. The consolidated 2013 guidance reflects an approximate 34% effective income tax rate in 2013 compared to a lower rate for 2012, which currently stands at 16% year-to-date on an as-reported basis. The 2013 midpoint assumes a pension discount rate of 5.1%, the same as for 2012. Final pension expense for 2013 will be established based on interest rates, market results and other assumptions that will not be available until early next year. The release includes additional details on key assumptions as well as earnings sensitivities for 2013. Slide 9 summarizes our updated long-term financial outlook; key changes; our Utility net income compound average growth of around 6% through 2014, off the 2009 base year; and capital deployment outlook to deploy around $4 billion through dividends and share repurchases from 2012 through 2014. The updated outlook is within the range of previous estimates, but as 2014 gets closer and we have a clear line of sight, we provided more precise estimates to incorporate our current expectation of economic, business and commodity market conditions. I'd also like to note that our 2014 outlook is under our current structure. We plan to update our long-term financial outlook once we have further clarity on the spin-merge of the transmission business, so at the right time, we'll provide an updated outlook that reflects what the businesses will look like after the spin-merge is resolved. Finally, we've also provided the preliminary 3-year 2013 through 2015 capital plan in Appendix E, consistent with past practice. As you can see on Slide 10, the preliminary plan totals $6.6 billion. Next week, we'll meet with many of you at the EEI conference. At that time, we'll talk about many topics, including MISO, ITC, regulatory initiatives and issues, cost management, hedging strategy, our view on commodity pricing and our point of view on other relevant issues. We look forward to seeing you at EEI. And now the Entergy team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Wayne, first of all, congratulations on the retirement. I know we'll see you at EEI, but just publicly wanted to say that.
J. Wayne Leonard: Okay, thanks, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: When we look at the '13 guidance you guys provided, I guess, question number one is, when you look at kind of the breadth of the band at this point in time, the $0.80, given how much smaller the generation business is as a total percentage of the mix and how much you've hedged, how -- where do you see the big variability points as you look at that number for next year? Based on what you guys have now and based on conditions to date, do you think you're falling at the midpoint of that range or somewhere higher or lower than that?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, the big drivers are pretty consistent with what they've been in the past. The big driver part of the range is what happens in -- from an EWC point of view, with pricing. And as you can see, with the sensitivities associated with what we've got on Slide 6 or in Table 7 in the release, there is some variability associated with price movements at EWC, and that's really still the biggest driver that we see there. In the Utility, we do have some major rate actions as part of where we see them going forward. So if you look at what happens with the Grand Gulf, with Waterford 3, Hinds, Hot Springs, there is certainly significant amount of variability around those rate actions as well and, as I mentioned and as we've seen in the past, things like pension expense depending on where the discount rate is, where the market performance is for the year, those all have an impact. So really, there's, I guess, more variability in there, Dan, than you think based on some of those open items as it relates to pricing, pension expense, as well as those rate actions.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I know, this year, there's been a lot of weather variability year-to-year in the last couple of years. The 1.5% growth or the normalized growth for next year at the Utilities, how is that going to compare to the full year this year once you back out some of the unique weather events?
Theodore H. Bunting: Dan, this is Theo. I -- it's going to compare fairly close. It will be probably -- I think, our guidance for this year had a rate of about 1.6 or so. And we're on track for that, so it's going to compare fairly -- favorably fairly close to what we're seeing this year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And Leo, once again, congratulations on the new role. Wayne, congratulations on moving on up.
J. Wayne Leonard: Where?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Bigger and better things, right?
J. Wayne Leonard: Oh, yes, I guess. Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Anyway, going back to the guidance. First, on the subject of O&M, could you maybe elaborate a little bit? Just EWC has a sort of litany of various things driving costs up. Could you perhaps just have -- or provide a little bit more of a sense for next year, as well as going forward into '14 and '15? What's kind of the trajectory, if you will?
Leo P. Denault: Well, some of the things -- as far as normal O&M, we've got increases associated with merit and compensation expense such as that. Also we do have -- at EWC, we've got higher maintenance expense because of the outage at RISEC next year. Those go into that picture as well. In terms of normal O&M as it relates to what you see in the nuclear business, obviously, what we look at is any kind of costs that are associated with regulatory requirements and the like, which have driven costs in the past. And those are kind of the primary drivers of what we see next year and going forward, plus the timing of refueling outages and amortization. And we did have some changes this year because of what happened at Vermont Yankee as well because of the impairment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. Is there a percentage number that you'd want to throw out there just for us on a modeling purpose basis?
Leo P. Denault: From a long-term point of view?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right.
Leo P. Denault: Yes, not particularly at the moment, no.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe on the second half there, EWC again. The economics in nuclear obviously have sort of come up of late following Dominion's announcement. I'd be curious if you could just talk about your portfolio and, I suppose, VY, in light of certain taxes that have been raised in Vermont potentially.
Richard J. Smith: Julien, this is Rick. I mean, we still think it's a good plan. I mean, we're pursuing it through the court, and it -- in the Northeast market. We're bullish going forward where market prices are. And the taxes is not a big item that's going to determine for us whether or not we continue to operate that plan or not. So -- and we're going to pursue additional fuel settlement taxes. So at the end of the day, we're still confident on our position on the taxes in Vermont.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, my congratulations, Wayne, and Leo too. Thank you for everything, Wayne, over the years. A quick question on dividend policy for the ongoing -- the sort of post-spin-merge company. I remember the -- I think the assumption was that you were going to leave the dividend the same, and the comments on the last quarterly call that you'd maybe have a higher payout and then grow into it over a period of time, but obviously, subject to the board. Is that -- any -- is that still how we should think about this? Any change in sort of thinking around that? And then what type of payout would you be willing to weather for a period under that strategy?
Leo P. Denault: Jonathan, it's Leo. Wayne's looking at me. He's looking at the wrong guy here. Usually, Wayne handles that question, but I guess he is pushing that one off to me as -- this is part of transition. The -- our thinking around the dividend post the ITC transaction hasn't changed. The bottom line is the Utility sizes the dividend, always has. And buybacks come out of transaction-based items or out of the EWC or commodity-based businesses, depending on what we're doing at any point in time. What we've indicated all along as it relates to the dividend is that, one, it is a board decision; two, you're going to be getting a dividend from both Entergy and ITC once the transaction occurs. And when we look at the dividend post-transaction, we'll be looking to size that dividend accordingly based on the prospects of the Utility business. And when we looked at it originally, we were looking at we have the potential to be able to grow into that dividend that we have today, the $3.32, as the Utility continues to grow. As far as overall payout ratio, obviously, do -- things do change and we're going to have to pay attention to not only what happens to EWC pricing and overall earnings and what that payout ratio looks like, but also new investment opportunities at the Utility. And so the thinking hasn't changed. It's consistent with what we've been saying all along, but we'll just have to look at where we stand when the time comes, when we close on the transaction; what our dividend level is, what the ITC dividend level is because you'll, again, be getting a dividend from both of us at that point in time; what our capital program looks like; and what overall earnings look like at that time as well.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So, Leo, then maybe just to clarify: are you saying that the combination of the Entergy and ITC bands would kind of be where we are today? Or the Entergy dividend itself is likely to stay where it is today? Because I think, before, it was -- that the ITC piece was kind of not to be part of the equation.
Leo P. Denault: The ITC piece is part of the equation. I'm not sure I'm -- I understand exactly what you mean by that...
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: By -- I thought, originally, the idea was that there would be a dividend that would be on the ITC piece, but that the dividend on the ongoing company would kind of remain the same as today's dividend is, and that -- you seem to be kind of linking the ITC piece to that now.
Leo P. Denault: No. Well, originally, when we've been looking at this, certainly, our intention is that you end up with more dividends after the transaction than you would have had without the transaction. What we will be looking at when we make that decision is, again, the overall Entergy prospects, what the ITC dividend is, what our investment profile at the Utility looks like and what the overall payout ratio would be. And to the extent that, that supports $3.32 continuing, then we may be able to grow into that Utility dividend. The payout would be high relative to where we stand today on the Utility earnings piece. But if we can grow into it, that's something that we will consider at that time. And that's what we were talking about when we announced the transaction in December.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Steve Fleishman of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Wayne, we'll definitely miss you on these calls. And, Leo, congratulations. Just a quick, maybe a little bit technical question on -- in the release, it talks about moving a kind of allocation of earnings between EWC and the parent of about $0.40 a share. Could you be a little more explicit what that relates to? And is this some kind of ongoing allocation that'll stay this way? And I think this is the second time there's been a change in allocation between segments the last few years. I just want to make sure it's kind of representing it better going forward and why.
Leo P. Denault: Well, the why is to better align EWC activities within EWC. We're actually moving a couple of legal entities, the names of which you wouldn't recognize, from the reporting segment that is Parent & Other to the reporting segment that is EWC. And what happens between those is you have some intercompany interest and you have some taxes that are really more closely aligned with the EWC business, and so we're lining that up better. And that's what that $0.40 is. And it's probably, I want to say, 70-30 in terms of tax and interest.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So is there better, kind of, if we match up the debt out of EWC -- I guess the question is, are you now allocating some of parent debt to EWC in this calculation, or not, or less of that?
Leo P. Denault: No, no. It's actually some intercompany loans that we're matching up.
Operator: We have time for one final question. That will come from Greg Gordon of ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I just want to follow up on the question on the dividend. So are you saying that this current $3.32 dividend might, in fact, be resized post the spinoff of ITC, depending on the remaining earnings power and cash flow of the Utility? Or are you saying that you are going to maintain it?
Leo P. Denault: Well, again, Greg, it -- we will make the decision at the time we close on the ITC transaction. And we've always said that we'll make the decision and we'll size it based on those factors that I mentioned, at the time of the transaction, when it closes. When we look at it where we -- when we were talking about sizing that up back in December when we announced the transaction, we mentioned that, as those things looked at the time, it was possible that the $3.32 could stay in place and we could grow into that dividend. So we're not really saying anything different right now, other than we'll make that call at the time based on what happens during the 18-month-plus time frame between when we announced it and when we actually close.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess I'll just -- in the context of you having lowered your net income growth aspiration for the core Utilities business from 6% to -- I think it was 6% to 8% or 6% to 9% to now 6%, I guess there's the question of whether or not that puts you at a payout ratio at which you're somewhat uncomfortable with the current dividend.
Leo P. Denault: Well, again, those are the kinds of things that change, but it'll be more, not what happens between now and 2014, but what happens in 2014 and beyond that'll drive that decision on the dividend.
Operator: And this does concludes today's Q&A session. At this time, I'll turn the call back to Paula Waters for closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Albert. And thanks to all for participating. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 5414008. The recording will be available as soon as practical after the transcript is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission due to filing requirements associated with the proposed spinoff and merger of Entergy's transmission business with ITC. The telephone replay will be available through November 12, 2012. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. We would like to thank everyone for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Leo P. Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Theodore H. Bunting - Group President of Utility Operations
Analysts: Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wayne.
J. Wayne Leonard: Thanks, Paula. Good morning, everyone. I'll start today with one of our key initiatives. The proposal for the utility operating companies to join the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator or MISO. In May, the Louisiana Public Service Commission became the first retail regulator to approve, subject to certain conditions, the proposal by Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to transfer functional control of their transmission facilities to the MISO Regional Transmission Organization. MISO change of control proceedings are in various stages of progress of the retail regulators in Arkansas, Mississippi, New Orleans and Texas. During the second quarter, the Arkansas Public Service and General Staff modified their position such that Entergy Arkansas should continue to progress toward joining MISO and when certain conditions are met, the APSC will grant the full change of control. An order from the Arkansas Public Service Commission could come at any time now. Testimony has been filed in the remaining 3 jurisdictions and subject to various conditions. Commission staff, all the advisers and intervenors in each proceeding generally have been supportive of or, at least, have not expressed opposition to joining MISO, with the exception of course, of the Southwest Power Pool. We believe we should receive all the retail commission orders on MISO in 2012. Given this progress, final preparations were underway now to initiate the regulatory approval process for the proposed spin-off and merger of the Entergy operating company's transmission business with ITC Holdings Corp. The retail regulatory filings will describe on both a qualitative and a quantitative basis. The benefits to customers and other stakeholders resulting from the superior independent model for transmission operations that ITC provide, as well as the improved financial flexibility and strength of the Entergy Utility operating company following the completion of the transaction. We expect to make the initial filings in Louisiana, followed by filings in other retail jurisdictions at the Federal and Energy Regulatory Commission over the next few months. Concurrently, a fully functioning project management office is mapping out the process as activities and plans for the targeted 2013 closing to ensure a seamless transition. In other Utility developments this quarter: Administrative Law Judges here in the Entergy Texas rate case issued their proposal for decision early July. ALJs recommended an overall $16.4 million base rate increase. However, the staffs' working papers that were used by the ALJs indicate an approximate $28.3 million retail base rate increase. Further, the ALJs recommended a 9.8% allowed ROE. This compares to the adjusted $105 million base rate increase, an ROE of 10.6%, that was requested by Entergy Texas. We should note the recommendation affirmed in full, Entergy Texas passed fuel costs and made no adjustments to $408 million of the capital additions or over 99% of affiliate costs. That is, the ALJs are not saying you are ineffective, inefficient, or improved. Instead the ALJs recommendation results from while we believe our misapplications of basic regulatory principles and practices and these misapplications undermine the traditional rate-making process and public policy objectives. The end result makes it impossible for Entergy Texas to earn a fair return, and that is a clear violation of some of the oldest, tested and affirmed principles of the regulatory law, no matter how you can get there. And particularly, we believe certain adjustments are clearly without basis or merit. For example, approximately $30 million of purchased capacity cost incurred after the end of the test year within the allowed pro forma period when those rates will be in effect, were suggested out with a sort of hyper-technical rationale that is at odds with the purpose of the regulation. I won't go through all the disagreements we had with the ALJs recommendation, but we strongly believe this is a fundamental misapplication of long-standing regulatory rules and practices in Texas, which provide for recovery of known and measurable costs. Under the ALJ's proposal, these nonfuel costs could not be recovered for up to 2 years, as the time it takes to prepare and complete another rate case that includes a full year of the cost to be reflected in the test year itself. And if the timing isn't perfect between the test year and historical cost, they may never be recovered. That is why it is common practice in Texas and elsewhere to utilize pro forma adjustments to the test year to eliminate discrepancies, particularly when you don't use a formula rate plan or have extensive use of riders. Regarding regulatory decisions that discourage prudent capacity purchases that didn't pick us from [indiscernible] for the development of a robust efficient wholesale market if it's allowed to stand. A public utility must be afforded the opportunity, not only with showing its financial integrity but it can maintain its credit-rating and attract additional capital as needed, but also of achieving returns on investment comparable to those of other companies having corresponding risk. This is the law of the land, and it is without argument. And ALJ's recommendation fails to acknowledge, in any way, how this proposal lines up against that basic litmus test. The PUCT is scheduled to take up the proposal for decision making at the August 17 meeting. It is expected the final decision will be made at this meeting or by the next meeting on August 30, at the latest. Entergy Texas has several other remedies available if the PUCT does not reverse the ALJ's recommendation. Options include: Continuing to pursue the open rule-making docket to establish a rider to recover capacity cost. Filing for the authorized transmission and/or distribution riders to fully recover incremental investment costs above baseline set in the case, preparing to file another base rate case if adequate recovery is not achieved in its proceeding and, of course, seeking relief through a legal process. In Louisiana and New Orleans, annual formula rate plan filings were made in May. The Entergy New Orleans 2011 test year FRP filing reflected earnings below the bottom of the bandwidth, indicating the modest increase in electric and gas rates totaling approximately $4 million. Entergy New Orleans also requested to accelerate funding of its cash storm reserves to allow to meet the $75 million target by 2017 that was established by the city council. Under the FRP tariff, new rates will be effective in the first billing cycle in October. This year's filing follows 4 straight years of rate decreases in New Orleans. Even with these file changes, electric rates for Entergy New Orleans customers will be nearly 20% below 2011 levels across the country for non-hydroelectric utilities. Furthermore, rates for New Orleans customers will be among the 5 lowest in the country after factoring in a reasonable price for CO2 as a proxy for climate risk across the country. The same general profile holds true for the rest of the operating companies, explained, in part, the strong economic development activity in our region. The earned return reflected in the 2011 test year FRP filing for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana was above the bandwidth indicating the cost of service decreased to $6.5 million. In addition, the company is requesting adjustments outside the FRP primarily for lower capacity costs. At Entergy Louisiana, the FRP filing reflected 2011 earnings consistent with the bandwidth, and therefore no cost of service adjustments are necessary. While Entergy Texas earned within its bandwidth, Entergy Louisiana earned within its bandwidth pursuant to the terms of the FRP, the company is requesting rate adjustments outside the FRP for capacity cost for PPAs not covered under the fuel cost. Both FRP filings with the LPSC are under review now, and the FRP would require rate changes to be effective in September. In addition, Entergy Louisiana's recent FRP filing was supplemented to include the estimated the first year impact of the Waterford 3 generator replacement project. Consistent with the previous LPSC order, rates will be updated upon completion of the project subject to a standard prudence review. The Waterford 3 project continues to meet provided milestones to achieve the planned end of 2012 in-service date. In early July, the steam generators arrived on site. They are ready for installation during the fall refueling outage. This Waterford 3 project is the second major capital project for the nuclear organization this year. In the spring, extended power outage project was installed at Grand Gulf during its refueling hours that concluded in June. Plant personnel are on the process now of increasing production after achieving the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's approval to operate at the higher power levels of 178 megawatts. This 15% extended power upgrade will make Grand Gulf the largest single unit nuclear plant of its type in the country. One last comment relative to generation initiatives. In July, the APSC approved Entergy Arkansas's request to acquire a hot spring power plant to set a special rider to recover the cost at the 10.2% ROE established in the most recent rate case. This follows the first quarter 2012 certification by the Mississippi Public Service Commission for Entergy Mississippi to acquire the Hinds plant. A federal proceeding on retail cost recovery remains pending in Mississippi. Closing of the acquisition has been delayed pending the U.S. Department of Justice review. We do not know where the DOJ is with its review of the transaction or to the extent which its review has been or will be affected by the ongoing civil investigation of competitive issue of the Utility operating companies. The confidential nature of the DOJ review of the transactions and the civil investigation do not allow me to comment beyond the fact that reviews are ongoing. However, I can repeat that we believe the operating companies' practices and policies and issue have satisfied all of applicable laws and regulations. In other Utility matters, last month, the FERC issued a decision in the Entergy Arkansas opportunity sales case. As a reminder, this case consumes a limited amount of short-term wholesale energy sales, less than 1/2 of 1% of the total system sales to third parties from 2000 to 2009. The FERC found that the sales in question were allowed under the system agreement and made and priced in good faith, but disagree with after-the-fact accounting used to allocate the energy to supply those sales. We believe our actions were consistent with the system agreement and as such have filed for rehearing last week. The FERC also set for hearing a separate proceeding to determine a reallocation of cost among the operating companies consistent with its decision without completing the voluminous necessary calculations, and therefore, cannot quantify the effects of the reallocation on individual operating companies at this time. We may not have a final FERC decision on this matter until 2014. At Entergy Wholesale Commodities. The NRC renewed Pilgrim's operating license through 2032 in late May about 2 weeks before the original license was scheduled to expire. The decision by the NRC came after an extensive and rigorous review spanning a 76-month period, where the NRC spent more than 20,000 hours conducting inspections and reviews and soliciting active stakeholder participation. The stated goal of the NRC is to complete these reviews in 30 months. While the Pilgrim license renewal was the longest to date, it is almost certain to be surpassed by the Indian Point process given the number of issues and parties involved. We filed a 20-year license renewal applications for Indian Point units 2 and 3 in April 2007. The application day was more than 5 years before the expiration of the current operating licenses in September 2013 for Indian Point 2 and December 2015 for unit 3. And as such, meets the standard for the NRC's timely renewal provision, which allows continued operation until the NRC takes action on the applications. Current progress certainly points to timely renewal protection being applied for Indian Point 2 next year and likely for Indian Point 3 as well. Since 2007, the United States issued a required safety evaluation report in 2009 and a supplemental environmental impact statement about a year later in 2010. Both these safety and environmental reports issuance of the 20-year license renewal. Supplement to these 2 reports are to be expected as the regulatory guidance council, the NRC's ongoing oversight, as well as when open issues are resolved. Safety report was first supplemented in August of last year and another supplement is expected to be finalized by year end. Around that time, we're expecting the finalized first supplement to the environmental report. We do not expect any of these supplements to change NRC staff's conclusion, but there are no safety or environmental issues, which would preclude the Indian Point units from operating safely for another 20 years. The next milestone in the NRC process is the initial hearings before the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board scheduled to begin in October. To date, the ASLB has submitted a total of 16 contentions, the most ever in a license renewal proceeding, and the ASLB is on track to hear possibly 3 to 4 times more contentions than have ever been heard in a license renewal proceeding. Two contentions have been resolved; 1 in the settlement, the other in the commission order. Ten of the 14 remaining contentions are slated for the track one hearing this fall. No final schedule has been set for the remaining 4 issues. NRC process allows for additional contentions to be filed after issuance of these supplemental reports or after any new maternal information comes to life. And as we've experienced the Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee, new contentions may be filed even after the records closed. I won't go over all the details of each contention, that would, well, take more time than you've got here today. But suffice it to say, these are complicated technical issues that take time to fully investigate, resolve and document. The key takeaway from all these discussions is that the nature of the rigorous process before the NRC indicates that it will be years until we reach final decision before the commission. In conjunction with the NRC process, we also need resolution on the water quality certification issue associated with the Clean Water Act and the Coastal Zone Management Act consistency determination. On the first issue. Last year, we filed notice with the NRC that the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation or DEC had not issued a final decision on our water quality certification application within the 1-year time period that is required by law. The NRC has not ruled on our filing, but if they agree that a waiver has occurred, then a new water quality certification is not a requirement for NRC's issuance at Indian Point's renewed licenses. In any event, however, Indian Point must comply with New York water quality standards to the proceeding on the State Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Permit or SPDES. The department's ALJs have combined the water quality certification and SPDES issues into one joint proceeding, now hearing that case in parallel with the NRC review of the waiver issue. Periods before the ALJ for the New York State DEC will resume this week regarding the best uses of the Hudson River and on the efficacy of performance of the Wedgewire screen proposal that we've made. These are just 2 of several issues in the water permitting certification proceedings. But the central issue is the evaluation of what is the best technology available or BTA. Operations with cooling towers or operations with our proposed Wedgewire screen alternative? And either of these options is required, only if Indian Point is creating an adverse environmental impact. A point on which we obviously disagree with the state and then we have preserved from further litigation at a later date. Portions of these proceedings date back to 2003, when the New York State DEC issued a draft SPDES permit and proposed license renewal periods suggesting cooling towers are BTA. Since then, we filed expert testimony on how cooling towers don't meet the BTA standard for a host of reasons, including that is highly unlikely that cooling towers can even gain the required air permit or approval by local governments due to zoning and other permitting issues. And furthermore, it is difficult to see how cooling towers could pass any reasonable cost-benefit test compared to Wedgewire screens, which the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled and be considered as an element of determining best technology available. Staff of the New York DEC has not yet filed its primary report, or the basis for, why they regard cooling towers has BTA and no dates for hearing have been set for this threshold BTA issue to be argued in the sunshine before the assigned judges. As it stands today, we would expect these water quality proceedings to extend into, at least, 2013 and possibly well beyond that. One last issue to report on water report. The first gate under the law on water quality issues is whether Indian Point's operation has environmental impact on the Hudson River. While the ALJ's declined to hear this argument in this proceeding, it is fully supported by our research and evidence and ready to be presented on appeal to cooling towers somehow prevail in the joint water quality proceedings. Secondly, and I know all of this starts to blend together over time as you hear this, but this is new and it's certainly not trivial, so you might want to listen carefully. Last week, we filed with the NRC a supplement to the Indian Point license renewal application related to the state of New York's requirement or Coastal Zone Management consistency determination under the federal Coastal Zone Management Act or CZMA. The supplement states that federal regulations make clear given previous reviews of the Indian Point facilities, there is no need for a further states CZM review, and as a result, the NRC may issue the requested Indian Point renewed operating licenses without the need for an additional consistency review. And let me amplify that point. Hang on just a second. Sorry I've lost about 10 pages of my script here. So let me amplify that point. The preamble to the federal regulations implementing the CZMA state: In the event the state agency has previously reviewed a license or permit activity, further review is limited to cases where the activity will be modified substantially causing new coastal zone effects. Exception does not apply in the case of Indian Point since no change in operations has proposed for purposes of license renewal. Prior CZMA consistency reviews were done for units 3 and unit 2 in 2000 and 2001 respectively by the New York Power Authority and Con Ed transferred ownership for the plans to Entergy. In both instances, the state of New York determined that operation of the Indian Point facilities was consistent with the case state coastal zone management plan. Based upon these and other prior reviews, and the fact that it's part of the license renewal proceedings, Indian Point's continued operations will not be substantially different than when the prior reviews were conducted. We do not believe CZMA requires Indian Point to obtain another consistency review from the state of New York in connection with its license renewal applications. To that end, yesterday we filed with the ASLB a motion for declaratory order agreeing with our position. Responses by parties, including the State of New York, to our ASLB motion are due within 10 days, although extensions are possible. We expect that once the parties have stated their positions, the ASLB will set a process, resolve the issue and issue a decision. ASLB decisions are appealable to the commissioners, but it's not appealed, the decisions are filed. In summary, we've made clear our position supported by the expert opinion regarding the law and the consistency of prior reviews conducted at Indian Point, that there is no basis to require a CZM determination as part of the license renewal process. How and when the processes will advance from here will be determined by the ASLB. It's important to keep in mind, under federal regulations, the NRC is the ultimate decision-maker and when the changes have been made, they'll want additional review. As a reminder, the federal law also states as national policy, the preference for continuing to use already developed areas, again, like Indian Point facilities into developing new greenfield areas within coastal zones. And furthermore New York state's federally-approved coastal management program, sites, location of nuclear facilities in the coastal zone, including the Indian Point, as demonstrating the state's recognition of the national interest of Entergy facilities. Regarding that last point, there is a good reason why Entergy point serves the national interest. Indian Point is safe, secure and vital. It's the only plant in the country that voluntarily submit to an extensive blue-ribbon panel audit, which we passed with flying colors in 2008. The preclusion of the panel of experts was unequivocal. Indian Point is a safe plant. Before closing, I want to highlight a few recent awards recognized and the operational strengths of our organization. In a report issued by J. D. Powers and Associates earlier this month, all of Entergy's Utility operating companies showed gains in the 2012 electric utility residential customer satisfaction study. In fact, Entergy New Orleans was named the most improved Utility company. This contrast to the results overall where the national customer satisfaction index declined by 3 points, the second consecutive year of decline. The key factor for the industry, of course, was the negative impact on perception of power quality and reliability due in part to severe storms that affected several parts of the country. In May, nuclear operations once again received Top Industry Practice Awards from Nuclear Energy Institute, for innovative improvements in cost and safety practices at Pilgrim and Arkansas Nuclear One. This is the 10th consecutive year we received nuclear honors in the NEI Tips Award program. And finally, I'm pleased to report that once again, Entergy scored a perfect 10.0 global ratings from GovernanceMetrics International in July 2012 for best-in-class corporate governance. Entergy has maintained its rating in each of the quarterly periods since 2006 with the exception of one small dip in early 2011 establishing stringent corporate governance standards and living up to them every day, and everything we do is an absolute necessity to us and to maintain the trust that you have placed in us. We demanded of ourselves, and I can assure the Board of Directors demands it not only of us but of themselves as well. And now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover second quarter 2012 financial results, our cash performance for the quarter and then add a few closing remarks. Starting with our financial results on Slide 2, higher overall second quarter 2012 earnings were driven by higher results at both the Utility and EWC compared to a year ago, and lower results at Parent & Other. Second quarter earnings included a special item for expenses incurred in connection with the proposed spin-off and merger of Entergy's transmission business with ITC Holdings. Spending on our spin-merge initiative reduced the quarter's earnings per share by $0.05 at Utility. Now let's turn to operational results for the quarter. Slide 3 summarizes the major drivers for operational earnings. Utility results were higher than a year ago due primarily to reduction in income tax expense. This was partially offset by lower net revenue and higher nonfuel operation and maintenance expenses. An agreement with the IRS regarding the storm cost financings in Louisiana for Hurricanes Katrina and Rita reduced income tax expense by $180 million for the affected companies, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. The company has also recorded regulatory charges totaling $101 million after tax to reflect an agreement to share the tax benefits with Louisiana customers. The net effect of these items increased Utility earnings by $0.44 per share. Excluding the regulatory charge, Utility net revenue was modestly higher this quarter compared to a year ago. The increase was due largely to positive weather-adjusted sales growth. After excluding the effects of weather, billed retail sales increased 4%. The Entergy region benefited from a reasonably healthy economy. Industrial sales continued to grow from expansions. However, overall weather-adjusted sales growth through the second quarter is roughly consistent with what we expected. While the effect of weather was positive for the quarter, it was lower than the significantly warmer-than-normal temperatures last year. On a year-to-date basis, the weather effect was negative and well below last year. Higher nonfuel operation in maintenance expense partially offset the earnings increase. O&M for the quarter reflected higher compensation and benefits costs driven primarily by pension expense. Fossil and distribution spending also increased over last year due in part to increased fossil outage spending, with timing differences also contributing to both. Slide 4 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for the second quarters of the current and previous years. The quarter-over-quarter decline was due primarily to lower net revenue and increased nonfuel operation and maintenance expense. EWC's net revenue reflected lower energy pricing towards nuclear fleet. Nuclear generation also declined as a result of additional refueling and unplanned outage days. Lower production was offset by the exercise of resupply options under power purchase contracts. The nonnuclear portfolio partially offset lower net revenue from EWC's nuclear fleet. The RISEC plant acquired last December was the driving factor. Higher nonfuel operation and maintenance expense also contributed to the decrease in operational adjusted EBITDA. The increase was due primarily to higher compensation in benefits costs, again, primarily pensions. The RISEC acquisition also contributed to higher nonfuel O&M. While EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA declined, its earnings increased quarter-over-quarter. The increase was due primarily to 2 items not included in adjusted EBITDA: Lower decommissioning expense and the lower effective income tax rate. Operational results at the Parent & Other disclosure segment declined due primarily to higher income tax expenses on Parent & Other activities. The income tax expense increase reflected the net effect of favorable tax items recorded in both quarters, the 2011 effect exceeded the current quarter. Slide 5 provides a recap of our cash flow performance for the quarter. Operating cash flow for the current quarter was $587 million or $67 million lower than the same quarter last year. The decrease was due to lower net revenue at EWC and the regulatory refund to a wholesale customer at the Utility. Slide 6 summarizes our 2012 earnings guidance, which ranges from $3.49 to $4.29 per share on an as-reported basis and $4.85 to $5.65 per share on an operational basis. The as-reported earnings guidance range was updated to include specials recorded in the current quarter. The as-reported guidance does not reflect any potential future expenses for the special item in connection with the proposed spin-merge of Entergy's transmission business. As-reported earnings guidance will be updated to reflect the special item as actual costs incurred throughout 2012. On our last earnings call, we identified several challenges that had developed during the first quarter. At that time, we also had other significant uncertainties, such as the pending appeal of the foreign tax credit decision. While we still have our biggest quarter to go, as we sit here today, we are well positioned relative to our full year guidance range. Current indications point to the higher end of the range. As we head into the second half of the year, we remain focused on continuing to produce positive financial results, as well as strong operational performance. And we remain focused beyond 2012 as well. As we look ahead to 2013, I want to offer some initial thoughts. Turning to Slide 7. At the Utility, we work to get the right regulatory constructs in place to provide every jurisdiction the opportunity to earn its allowed return. One example is the Texas rate case that Wayne discussed earlier, which will have a bearing on 2013 and beyond. We also have other upcoming rate cases. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will file rate cases in January of next year. Entergy Arkansas is also expected to have a rate case tied to its exit from the System Agreement at year end. All are likely to take most of next year to complete. Further, the timing and execution of our investment program will affect results. At EWC, one of the most significant variables is the price of power, both Entergy and capacity. Commodity markets continue to challenge margins. However, fundamental indicators in the natural gas market, such as narrowing storage surpluses, falling rig counts and low liquids margins appear to be signaling that we're moving off of a bottom and into a more constructive territory. The appendix to this webcast presentation include the details on the current state of the market for energy and capacity prices for EWC. Protecting the long-term value of our nuclear asset is a key priority. That includes managing the license renewal process for Indian Point -- for the Indian Point units as well as defending the license renewals already received from the NRC. In the meantime, we're utilizing hedging strategies to protect near-term value while retaining longer-term options. For both businesses, managing cost remains at the forefront. However, as we've seen this year, some things like pension expense are driven by external factors we don't control. Efforts are underway to determine opportunities to mitigate cost pressures now and over the long term. At the Parent, we're always looking for opportunities to improve business results. For example, last week, we received authorization to execute a $500 million commercial paper program at the Parent. The CP program will provide a cost-effective source of capital, as well as incremental financial flexibility. At current rates, borrowing from the commercial paper market will be about 100 basis points below the rate on the revolver, which will provide interest savings and bottom line earnings. We are now finalizing plans to implement this program in the third quarter assuming market conditions stay favorable. Every day, we focus on safety, operational excellence, risk management and disciplined capital deployment. Whether managing the current year or planning ahead, the goal is to deliver results that will create tangible long-term value for our stakeholders. And now, the Entergy team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess on the last earnings call, Wayne, you brought up the concept of looking at strategic options for the unregulated generation business. Could you just update us on any thought process there?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, I'll let -- Leo and his team has been working on this. But I think one of the things that we kind of emphasize, that given the uncertainty in a lot of these marketplaces and the environmental regulations and other types of things that we almost have to go back -- one of the additional things we're doing is going back to when we tried to form an axis. And our opinion at the time, of course, it was -- these businesses don't belong together for a number of reasons. They're financed differently. They have different credit metrics, things of that nature. But then as power prices have fallen and things of that nature and credit metrics and credit quality become a real issue for this on a stand-alone basis as it's structured for the wholesale business. and -- but nonetheless, we still believe it should be separated from the utility. So one of the other options is to look at transactions or assets or whatever that impact positively credit quality, so we can get back to maybe at the notion of separating the 2 businesses rather than focus just on a functional adding power maybe at something else. I'll let Leo to have expand on his thoughts on the idea.
Leo P. Denault: Yes, Steve, the bottom line is if you go all the way back to the kinds of things we would have been looking at the time we came up with the separation concept, a lot of those ideas haven't gone away. As we've always looked at that portfolio, ways to grow the business, ways to protect the business, way to enhance the credit quality of the business, ways to provide liquidity of the business, we continue to look at all of those kinds of opportunities whether they involve internal moves or transactions-based ideas, and really could run the gambit of ways to improve the credit quality, improve the margins, improve the valuation and to make sure that we continue to protect not only the parent company but the Utilities as well.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, one other question. Just Leo, thank you for giving some of those 2013 drivers and beyond. Is there just maybe kind of a punchline of what you're trying to highlight with -- these seem generally the stuff that we normally kind of you've highlighted in the past. Was there any -- is it mainly these rate cases that...
Leo P. Denault: Well, you're really, Steve, just to give you all an indication of what's going to drive 2013 and beyond, and the timing of when those things actually show up during the year as much as anything else.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Dan Eggers of Crdit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wondered if we could go back to the kind of the MISO conversation and the ITC transaction. If you think about timing and then kind of perpetual delays to get in the filings done for ITC, is there something structurally you're seeing that is slowing down that process and what is the level of confidence we'll see filing get done in the third quarter?
J. Wayne Leonard: Theo Bunting is really heading that process up as the CEO of our Utility. But Dan, I don't think there's anything structurally that's holding it up. Our commitment is to put on the strongest possible case in an area that is kind of new to a lot of the parties to the case, and we want to make sure that we fully support and emphasize how important this is. We're bringing together 2 companies, Entergy and ITC, along with a number of outside experts, who believe very strongly and have evidence to support why the independent model is so much better than how we're doing it today. And just bringing all the different points of view and testimony together, it's clearly everybody's on the same page and it's clearly, there's a -- to the commission and other intervenors on the case has been a little more challenging probably than we might have expected. We thought that we would be able to make our first filing in Louisiana near the end of this month. We gave ourselves kind of another week to button everything up, and we're just not quite there yet. Now, Leo and Theo are having meetings this week to try to resolve any issues that we feel like are not supported as well as we want. To get that analysis and the testimony to -- typically the way we would do it or ITC would do it when you just do it on your own. So it's nothing structural, it's just complicated when you involve more parties, and we want to get it right. Theo, anything to add or...
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, I would like to add something, Dan let me -- I agree with a lot of -- all of the things Wayne said. The other thing I think you need to consider is we're doing this in multiple jurisdictions, and we're trying to do this on a manner that would allow us to make those filings in those jurisdictions with not much passage of time between filings. So obviously, we have to think about how do we ensure we incorporate all of items need to consider relative to those jurisdictions so that when we start that process, we don't get any significant slowdown. I do think, as Wayne said, there's still some things we need to work through. We'll be working through those things over the next few weeks, and we'll begin that filing process.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And I guess just, Leo, on the tax issues for the year, is there anything else we should be looking at that you could provide a benefit for this year? And did you anticipate this level of benefits showing up in the guidance when you guys updated this spring?
Leo P. Denault: Well, we updated the guidance this year obviously. We had the possibility of both positive and negative items in the tax arena. We knew we were working obviously on the settlement, but at the same point in time, we had the appeal of the foreign tax credit decision, which had already been lost in a different jurisdiction at a different district for which we had provided the reserve last year. So that could have been the positive that you saw this quarter because of the win. But if we had lost that case, it was a significantly larger negative possibility. So we had indications around both of those things, but they were unknown at the time and could have gone either direction. There's always a few things in the hopper, as you know, based on the size and number of the positions that we've got in front of us at the moment that may or may not turn out, may or may not happen, could go to litigation like the foreign tax credit case or could be settled. It just depends on where we are on the audit cycle and what issues are available there. We had taken some of that into consideration when we reset the guidance, remember the $0.22. I think, we characterized that as other in the improvement. In the original guidance, some of that was taken into consideration tax items that may or may not occur. I think we've mentioned that at the time.
Operator: We'll hear next from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Focusing on Table 4 on Page 3. Your weather-adjusted sales growth has been quite robust. You make some comments in there about growth in -- industrial sales growth, particularly in Louisiana. You also had retail sales growth. Can you extrapolate, a, on what's going on in terms of residential growth, why that's so strong, what types of industrial activity you're seeing that are leading to this type of growth? And then the decline in the refineries, could we characterize that as seasonal, because as I understand it, they were down for maintenance, and therefore, that should be additive when they come back? It's really a very positive underlying theme here.
J. Wayne Leonard: Okay, Theo, you want to take that?
Theodore H. Bunting: Sure. Craig, as Leo mentioned in his opening comments, obviously, on the residential -- let's start with the residential side first. We are seeing some impacts from still a fairly strong economy in our region, especially when you compare it to what's going on nationally. Also, I think, you have to think about some of the things we had last year that didn't necessarily repeat themselves this year. We had certain events last year that had a dampening effect on sales, for instance the flooding we had from the Mississippi River that reduced sales volumes. And also, I think last year, we had fairly extended periods of extreme weather, high bills and generally customers respond to that. So we probably had some amount of customer response relative to bills last year. And also I think, Leo mentioned the fact that our -- may have mentioned the fact that our billing cycles this year for the quarter had a few days beyond what we would have seen last year as well. And all of those things really coupled together had some effect on the year-over-year change. And if you back and if you look at the residential growth year-over-year last, it was actually slightly negative. So given that, we saw a fairly robust change year-over-year. But again as we have said earlier, I think, we still fundamentally feel like we're -- where we -- about where we expected to be at this point in time relative to sales. In terms of industrials, I think at the chemicals, that continue to show fairly strongly in terms of segments in the second quarter, and a lot of that is relative to facilities expansions. As we go through the year, we'd likely see some of that moderate as we're kind of seeing those expansions and when they hit in various points in times in prior years. There are, obviously, we do get outages in certain areas in terms of customers, bringing their facilities down for various reasons. And that can move our industrial sales up and down as you compare period-to-period.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on the Texas rate case here, just if things don't turn out as positively with the final reg here in August, what are the various avenues? You've kind of alluded to them quickly on the opening statements, but if we were to see a move towards a capacity-type rider, when would that happen? Or alternatively, if we weren't , at what point down the line, say, 6 months, a year from now, do we see another filing, just to be a little bit more explicit about the timeline?
J. Wayne Leonard: Theo?
Theodore H. Bunting: It sounded like you had a number of questions there, Julien. I'm trying to get though them. Yes, I guess the first thing I would make sure we well understand is where we're at today is we basically have a kind of proposal for decision. It's not an order from the commission. And that's still forthcoming. And part of that, obviously, what we would do relative to that would have a lot to do with what comes out of that commission order. I would say it's not unusual in Texas for the commission to not accept all aspects of a PFD. And as Wayne talked about earlier, in terms of various riders that are in place today, in the current rate construct in Texas, obviously, those will be opportunities for us given once we know the outcome of the case itself. And obviously, to talk about what we might do and whom we might do it at this point in time is probably a little premature because we don't have the outcome of the case yet. The capacity rider, it's in a rule-making phase, and we are working and we'll continue to work to move that along. Also, as Wayne mentioned in his opening script, the big part of what's the issue in the case, as it relates to the recommendation of ALJ is capacity. And if in fact, just assuming for a second that we don't fundamentally give what we believe is appropriate treatment relative to that, and we would obviously like to -- and try to ensure that we move that rule-making along in order to get proper alignment of the regulatory construct in Texas with what we fundamentally believe is appropriate and what's taking place there.
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, I think, like Theo said, we need to get the order out of the commission. Hopefully, it will undo some of these what we think are inappropriate adjustments. But, it won't only just be for the outcome, it will be tone set in the order. Hopefully, it will give us some guidance, that will be instructive at which way to best to proceed. And obviously, we want -- we don't want to start a war with the commission by going one way if they would prefer another. We're hopeful that they will acknowledge that this does not give us the opportunity to earn a fair return and they will fix that or give us a strong guidance on how to fix that ourselves.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Greg asked my question on sales growth. I was wondering though, on the -- one of the commissioners in Louisiana is talking about changing the ROE kind of significantly on the downward side. And I was wondering if you could sort of elaborate if he's being joined by anybody else or if he's kind of an outlier on that, and any thoughts you have on that.
J. Wayne Leonard: I'll let -- Theo is maybe closer to it. But as you know, in this interest rate environment, I suspect there isn't a commission on the country -- you don't have, at least, one commissioner who's bringing the issue up as it appropriate. It's a good question. Obviously, interest rates are much lower than we're used to and the -- in like Louisiana specifically, we really have not heard a lot on the issue, we do have one commissioner who more outspoken on it. But again, it's fairly,[indiscernible] I think across the country. But Theo, why don't you...
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, I think also one thing that you will note in Louisiana. I mean, that issue has come before the commission, at least, on maybe one, couple of occasions and they just not moved it along. And as Wayne said, I think we have one commissioner there who is very interested and looking into this. But I think you also have to consider, and I think, they have to consider interest rates is really just one input into that the entire process of defining what's an appropriate ROE. You also have to think about risk premiums and you also have to think about the fact that there's a legal standard around what is the appropriate ROE. And ROE basically should be set such that you can maintain the financial integrity of the company, you can raise capital on a reasonable term, such that the Utility can discharge its public duty relative to the customers. And in this period of time, we're seeing fairly extensive capital investment across the Utility industry. And I think regulators really need to think about and consider all of these elements as you think about what is the appropriate ROE for Utility.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the stock buyback repurchases, any thoughts to sort of -- at this point in time, I know you got a lot of things going on, a lot of initiatives. Obviously, the ITC stuff and everything else. How should we think about your thoughts about stock repurchases, given everything that you're looking at and what have you?
J. Wayne Leonard: Leo?
Leo P. Denault: Well, obviously, we haven't -- we didn't have any stock repurchases in the quarter. We've completed $150 million of the $500 million of authority that we have at the moment, so it's $350 million less. Just philosophically, the way the repurchase program works is based on the results out of EWC and/or any kind of transactional-based results that we have, for example, if we sold an asset or what have you. The dividends usually paid for by the Utility, so that's the construct around it. And depending on what capital expenditures are, the cash flow may or may not be used for that. So for example, at the end of last year, when we acquired the RISEC plant, we spent over $300 million on that plant. That part of what goes into the decision-making process around the repurchase. So I guess at the moment we haven't done any recently, we typically don't signal what we are going to do, but just philosophically to know that transactions and/or EWC non-utility earnings, that's where the buyback money comes from.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You've been making progress at the state level and in moving towards membership in MISO. And in the filings, obviously, comes up the discussion of distinguishing between MISO membership and approving the ITC sale. Can you talk about just general a feedback that you've been receiving at the state level to the ITC sale element relative to MISO. appreciating that that's a later element. But just nonetheless, just any color on the feedback you received at the state level?
J. Wayne Leonard: Theo, do you want to in detail?
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes. Stephen, I'm not sure I was -- the audible level of your -- it's fairly low. Let me see if I can repeat your question on which you were asking. Were you asking us to, in the MISO proceedings, are we getting questions around the ITC sale and/or -- just want to make sure I understand what your question was.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, I think my focus really was just in your conversations about the overall ITC transaction at the state level, which I understand we will come up as part of the MISO proceedings. Can you just talk generally to the feedback that you've been receiving at the state level relating to the ITC transaction?
Theodore H. Bunting: Yes, and I made a huge mistake. I said sales, it's not a sale. It's just been merged. And I hope I don't think I used that term in my testimony that I plan to file. But in any case, It does come up from time to time, but we try to make sure folks understand that they are separate processes, they're separate transactions, they're separate steps. Obviously, we need to get to MISO to an RTO in order to effectuate the ITC transaction. And as we've said to many regulators, I mean, we are focused on getting in MISO and getting to an RTO. And that's part of the reason, I think, why you've seen some passage of time and some separation as it relates to the filings around the ITC transaction is that we are -- we're trying to work through within the various jurisdictions that MISO process. And moved the various commissions along and other parties to get through that MISO process and get on MISO approvals, but it does come up from time to time.
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, I think the discussions I had been involved in, I think, it's actually been very encouraging. The regulators have been very interested in trying to understand more. When we proposed a similar -- actually, I guess, it wasn't all that similar 2 years ago, it was hostile environment with regard to some type of divestiture of the transition system. They have -- the questions we've gotten had been very much on point with regard to how things will change. The overall feeling seems to be that they -- given the amount of merchant capacity we have in our territory, given some of the feedback that they've gotten from some of the merchants and some of the extensive audits and -- that we've had relative to merchants, some of the merchant's concerns and other concerns, they understand that this needs some sort of resolution other than continuing to try to just regulate this thing to debt. Separating, it resolves all those issues and eliminates this -- any perception along with it solves a lot of problems for Entergy with regard to credit quality and that just lowers rates for customers and assures reliability. And we've had really good dialogue, I think, with the commissions. And the big concern -- the biggest concern that I've heard is to try to explain exactly how giving that jurisdiction, the FERC would have ultimate authority on how they maintain authority to execute their job assuring reliability at a fair price and all those type of things, and they don't want to end up just as another intervenor at FERC. And so that's kind of, I think had been working through the process, trying to make sure that, that doesn't happen. That's really the issue with them, but again it's been very constructive.
Operator: And our final question comes from Mike Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to make sure I'm following the rate changes you expect between now and maybe the year end of 2013, kind of following on some of Leo's comments. You discussed the Texas rate case. I guess, the question is do you think you would file another case and have new rates in place before year-end '13? Then the Louisiana formula rate plane adjustments that are outlined in the appendices, do you expect the incremental adjustments before the actual Louisiana rating changes or rate cases kind of resolve? And then the timing of an Arkansas case, how early would you file, when do you think rates would go into effect there? And apologies, a fourth item, how do we think about how Grand Gulf's operate will impact rates?
J. Wayne Leonard: I think Theo is getting a good introduction here to his new job, but he's, like we've said before, he's certainly up to the challenge and probably the most knowledgeable person we've ever had in this job, so we'll let him prove it right now.
Theodore H. Bunting: I think he's asking me to prove that because, first, he wants to make sure if I can actually remember all the questions. I'll start maybe in reverse order. Grand Gulf, I don't think, as you know, Grand Gulf is FERC regulated and there is a specific tariff around how cost through the unit power purchase agreement of SERI and the various operating companies, how that cost flows from Grand Gulf or from SERI to the operating companies. And the various operating companies have different regulatory mechanisms in place to recover cost associated with those billings from SERI. And they vary a little bit jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but they all have fairly timely mechanisms in place to recover cost associated with Grand Gulf. In terms of filings, obviously, we would expect the filing in Arkansas consistent with its departure from the system agreement. And obviously, that's targeted for the end of 2013. Louisiana, when you talked about FRPs, Wayne talked a little bit about the FRP results as it related to our filings, based on the 2011 test year, I think, as Leo mentioned, we would be making rate case filings in Louisiana in January of 2013 to basically reset rates. Depending upon the length of the proceeding, it's potentially, you could have some impact from that decision relative to that case in 2013. But that will be a function of the procedural schedule that obviously we will get once we make those particular filings. As it relates to one of the questions you had, Mississippi, we made our FRP filing, no changes relative to that filing based, again, on 2011 test year. And was there another jurisdiction that -- where there jurisdiction I missed?
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: When would you -- if Texas rate case resolved in the next month or so, when do you expect you would be back in filing for a new place rate increase?
Theodore H. Bunting: I mean it's pretty mature to talk about that at this point. We don't have an order out of Texas. And so until we get an order and realistically see where we are, we'll evaluate that and make an assessment as to what is the appropriate time to file.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further time for any other questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any closing or final remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Deanna, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed on our website or by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 8666645. The recording will be available as soon as practical after the transcript is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission due to filing requirements associated with the proposed spin-off and merger of Entergy transmission business with ITC Holdings Corp. The telephone replay will be available through August 7, 2012. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Again, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Leo P. Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gary J. Taylor - President of Utility Operations Richard J. Smith - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodity Business Charles Barlow - 
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy Corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wayne.
J. Wayne Leonard: Thanks, Paula. Good morning, everyone. The theme of our 2011 Annual Report to Stakeholders is Adapting to a Changing World. Given the schedules involve for design and illustration, each year, we must select our theme 4 to 5 months in advance of production and distribution. As it turns out, looks like -- so now it looks like we have a foreknowledge of what was to come. It would be except in Philosophy 101, you learn 2 things on day 1. The first is the beginning of all wisdom is to know thyself. The second is the only constant in life is change. For some time, we've been communicating to you our plans and initiatives to address risks or uncertainties, and given our strengths and limitations to adapt to the coming reality that we are now facing. Today, I'll update you on where we stand, and will provide a context for our accomplishments and our challenges. Starting with one of our key utility initiatives, the proposal for each of the utility operating companies to join a regional transmission organization, specifically, the Midwest Independent System Operator, or MISO. Events continue to move us closer to achieving that goal. In a significant development last week, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issued its order conditionally accepting MISO's tariff revisions regarding cost allocations for transmission projects upon introduced transition into the MISO RTO. Just to remind you, last September, FERC denied MISO's request for tariff waiver to implement this same proposal. Moreover, FERC noted in its order that it was not making any findings on the merits of the proposal at that time. The request for the tariff waiver was just a wrong procedural vehicle to implement the proposal. In the April 19 ruling on the merits, FERC founded that it was just and reasonable for MISO and its existing transmission owners to agree to establish a transition period to ensure that no entity must bear the cost of transmission facilities from which it has not been showing the benefit, consistent with traditional cost causation principles. Prior to this FERC ruling, on March 16, Entergy Arkansas reached a settlement with its Arkansas co-owners in its coal-generating plants, including Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation, one of the intervenors in the FERC proceeding. The settlement will include how the plant will operate after Entergy Arkansas integrates into MISO. This agreement extends the benefits of MISO participation to all co-owner utilities if the Arkansas Public Service Commission approves the Entergy Arkansas' proposal to join MISO. Combined with Entergy Arkansas, these groups represent 80% of all Arkansas electric customers in the state. In addressing other concerns, utilities have agreed to give the Entergy Regional State Committee, upon unanimous vote, the authority to direct the operating companies to add projects within the Entergy region to MISO's transmission expansion plan during the 5-year transition period after the Entergy utilities join MISO. This arrangement is designed to address concerns expressed by regulators. FERC's reason is based on [ph] transmission cost allocations along with the additional authority to add projects to help address the stated concerns on MISO and provide a wider path for the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals and for a seamless and successful integration and realization of up to $1.4 billion to projected net customer savings over 10 years. This projected cost of benefits derived from its joining in RTO with substantial scale in a mature Day 2 market. As you know, Day 2 refers to an RTO that includes day-ahead and real-time energy markets and uses market-based mechanisms to manage congestion. The Day 2 market brings about efficiencies by using 1 central unit commitment and dispatch based on the economics of transmission and generation resources. MISO has one in place today, SPP does not, although it has plans to. Even assuming SPP will get there, further independent third-party analysis has recently undercut the arguments of those who have opposed our proposed move to MISO. In a study prepared by the Charles Rivers Associates for SPP, SPP is the one that commissioned the study, CRA estimates that SPP members would receive $22 million in trade benefits over the 10-year span from 2013 through 2022, as a result of the Entergy and Cleco regions entry into MISO. Not only that, this study projects that those same SPP members would see an increase in net production cost of $17 million if the Entergy and Cleco regions joined SPP instead. At the retail jurisdictions, and testimony filed [ph] in March in Louisiana, all parties, except SPP, conditionally [ph] support, or do not oppose at least, the move to MISO. Hearings are scheduled to begin next week in Louisiana, and at the end of May in Arkansas, with potential decisions coming in at summer. Regulatory proceedings are also underway or will be soon in Mississippi, New Orleans and Texas. Based on the established procedural schedules, or in the case of Texas, a 180-day requirement, we currently anticipate having final decisions on our MISO proposal in all retail jurisdictions by the end of the third quarter or early in the fourth. Of course joining RTO is critical to our transaction with ITC Holdings to completely separate Entergy transmission's business to a spinoff and subsequent merger. Joining MISO is an incremental step in improving our business model. But the ITC transaction is transformational, offering customers and other stakeholders the opportunity to benefit from complete independence, the advantages of scale, and at the same time, greater function. Over the past 3 months, we have continued our outreach efforts in conjunction with ITC to obtain the input and perspective of our regulators and other stakeholders. With the benefit of greater understanding from these discussions, we are preparing to make initial retail regulatory filings beginning around midyear. As I said before, we fully intend for those filings to further explain our view in spinning off and merging our transmission business with an independent transmission company at the caliber of ITC provides a solid platform for the future. There are no perfect solutions to any long-term issues of public policy. There are however, options. Sometimes the idea is simply bold and exciting but the potential for success is a huge leap of faith with enormous risks. Sometimes the idea is simply one whose time has come. The potential and logic are compelling, and success is highly likely. We believe this is clearly the latter of the 2. On balance, we'll ask regulators to consider the net benefit of the transaction. On the one hand, gaining an independent transmission company in a footprint, where even without deregulation, the merged capacity is almost half the size of the regulated capacity in the region and who's sole focus is transmission, versus, on the other hand, a change in jurisdiction as a result of distant [ph] merge.  Initiation processes related to other key approvals will follow. The target to close a transaction remains in 2013. Our incoming group President of Utility Operations, Theo Bunting, has been instrumental in developing the regulatory plan we are now executing. Theo will take over the top Utility box on June 1 from Gary Taylor who announced his retirement earlier this year. Gary is on his last earnings call today, which he just reminded me of. And he will certainly be missed. But I know he would tell you that he's turning the Utility over to very capable hands. Theo, who is on the call with us this morning as well, currently serves as Entergy's Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. In his 20-plus years at Entergy, he had broad-based experience for anything from strategic and financial planning, regulatory strategy and risk management to operational support areas including customer service. He was the obvious choice. Next, I'll review -- briefly recap some other developments. In Mississippi, the annual formula rate plan volume was made in March for the 2011 test year period. The evaluation report reflected an earning return on equity of 10.92% within the performance adjusted bandwidth, therefore, no change in rates. In Louisiana, the Public Service Commission approved Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's application for the Ninemile 6 project on March 21. As you'll recall earlier this year, the New Orleans City Council authorized Entergy New Orleans' participation. Ninemile 6 is a 550-megawatt new modern state-of-the-art natural gas-fired combined cycle plant we built on the existing Entergy Louisiana site. With regulatory approvals in hand, Entergy Louisiana is with full notice to proceed on its construction of Ninemile 6. The new plant is expected to go in service in the first part of 2015. As you know, we disclosed in the fall of 2010 that we received a civil investigative demand by the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate competitive issues concerning certain generation procurement, dispatch and transmission system practices and policies of the utility operating companies. Due to the confidential nature of this matter, I am limited on what I can say today. All I can say, or more accurately, all they will let me say, is that it remains outstanding. And we believe the documentation we provided to the DOJ demonstrates that our practices and policies have been appropriate and consistent with regulatory orders and industry practice. With respect to our announced acquisitions of the Hinds and Hot Spring facilities, the parties have satisfied their obligations under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act but the DOJ is still reviewing the transaction. I do not know if the complexities of our discussions with DOJ will affect the timing of DOJ's review of the Hot Spring's and Hinds' transactions. Obviously, we don't think it should, but you should be aware of that possibility. Also at utility, I'm proud to report that once again for the 14th consecutive year, Entergy was recognized with its leadership in storm restoration. This year, we won both Edison Electric Institute's Emergency Recovery and Emergency Assistance Awards. The 2012 hurricane season starts June 1. And happily, predictions call for a contained season, but of course it only takes one. So if a severe storm strikes, we will be prepared as always. At Entergy wholesale commodities, Vermont Yankee nuclear plant entered the period with extended operation under its renewed Nuclear Regulatory Commission 20-year license on March 22. Three days before that, rulings by the Federal District Court and the Vermont Public Service Board provided the clarity we requested that VY would continue to operate while legal and regulatory proceedings are pending. The Vermont Attorney General and the Vermont Department of Public Service have stated their agreement with that, and the Vermont Public Service Board has acknowledged this reality even if they don't agree. On April 16, we filed our amended petition for a Certificate of Public Good for continued operations required by Vermont Public Service Board in their order to resume the proceeding in a new docket. Vermont Yankee's continued operations supports the public good through employment taxes and other sources of government revenue to Vermont, which together with the multiplier effect call for substantial economic benefits to the state. Continued operation also provides for potential sharing of revenues, offering value protection against higher energy prices in the future. The Public Service Board has scheduled a status conference for May 2, which may shed some light on the time line. Concurrently, briefings in Vermont's appeal of the January district court decision to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in New York are likely to extend through most of 2012, assuming this process [ph] takes its maximum amount of time. As said, the decision is not expected until well under 2013.  At Pilgrim, just a few days ago, the NRC key staff issued a memorandum asking the NRC commissioners to authorize the issuance of the Pilgrim's renewed license. A response was requested of the commissioners on their recommendation by May 8 that specifically noted that although a new late file contention has been referred to the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board, or ASLB, when an appeal of an ASLB decision is pending upon the commission, the NRC is not compelled to await exhaustion of those appeals before renewing the operating license. This represents an important step. That said though, the commissioner has requested a decision from the ASLB on admissibility of the new late contention by no later than May 29. That said, they may wait until that day before taking any action.  With the license expiration date of June 8 just around the corner, we're not there yet. But in any event, the NRC's timely renewal doctrine would apply to allow continued operation if the proceedings extend past June 8. We continue to believe none of the items identified should preclude the issuance of Pilgrim's license renewal through 2032. Regarding Indian Point, NRC and state proceedings related to license renewal remains ongoing. But we know you've been following with interest Governor Cuomo's Energy Highway initiative, which has brought more attention to Indian Point. First of all, this initiative is very preliminary. In the preliminary meetings to date, the State of New York has not expressed the goal of closing Indian Point. It has either good legal advice or good common sense, instead, the New York administration has identified the uncertainty regarding continued operation in light of other proceedings, specifically license renewal and related state water quality proceedings. The continued operation of Indian Point advances New York's stated goals and objectives, and directly provides high value jobs to more than 1000 workers in the State of New York. Indian Point's continued operation is essential to achieving environmental sustainability, affordable energy and long-term reliability of electric systems. Those interests were described and quantified in last summer's independent Charles Rivers Associates report prepared for New York City's Environmental Protection Department. In other developments regarding Indian Point, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit issued a decision on damage claims against the U.S. Department of Energy for its breach of obligations regarding the spent fuel disposal contract for Indian Point units 1 and 2. Assuming no further appeals are filed, EWC could receive cash payments estimated to be in the range of $100 million in the next several months. For our other nuclear plants, damage claims for DOE's failure to begin disposal of spent fuel in 1998 are in various stages of planning or litigation. While we had a number of tactical and strategic successes during the quarter, financial results are negatively impacted by a number of items, resulting in the decision to reduce our 2012 operational earnings range even though it is still early in the year. In a few minutes, Leo will review the details. As he does, keep in mind that in our view, the underlying issues are either not new or are noncash or in some cases, both. First, financial results in the quarter were negatively impacted by unseasonably mild temperatures this winter, a reversal of the colder than normal weather over the past 2 years. To put it in perspective, the southern region had the third warmest first quarter in 118 [ph] years of record keeping. In fact, Arkansas and Mississippi set a record for the warmest March over that same time period, with Louisiana and Texas not far behind at third and sixth warmest, respectively. In the context of long-term valuation, credit cannot be given for the highest and lowest, of course, of weather. But nevertheless, the bottom line is, we're out $32 million of cash after tax due to the weather. Another factor reflected in our revised 2012 earnings outlook is the impact of historically low interest rates and the termination of pension expense. As we discussed in our last earnings call in January, final pension expense assumptions were different than what we assumed in setting guidance. The discount rate was overestimated, and we later received updated information on other pension assumptions. Finally, the 2 charges for the Vermont Yankee impairment and the regulatory asset writeoff are noncash in nature. In the case of the regulatory asset, customer rates are unaffected by the change -- by the charge, I'm sorry. Rather we had an asset recorded on our financial book on an accounting method that goes back to the Gulf States' acquisition in the mid-90s that was simply overstated. For Vermont Yankee, whatever you believe about the value of the plant, that should not have changed because of the impairment charge. Impairment cash as the accountants refer to it, is a valuation that has been consistently performed and disclosed by use into state actions necessitated in 2010. The ramifications of this low natural gas price environment is not unique to Vermont Yankee but the key for us was whether there has been a triggering event requiring an impairment evaluation as in the case of Vermont Yankee. Due to Vermont Yankee's unique position in the courts, this accounting valuation requires consideration of all potential outcomes resulting in a value that is discounted through a legal uncertainty. This impairment reflects the result at March 31 of the applying the accounting rules applicable to VY, utilizing our best judgment and in consultation with our external accounting advisers who have also been involved in our -- in other past accounting valuations. This chart does not reflect a change in Entergy's point of view on the legal and state regulatory proceedings nor on the economic value of the plant based on our point of view assuming it operates for another 20 years. In any event, we could try to excuse the accounting issue as basically noncash and nonrecurring, but it's our job to deliver results you expect and clearly, we didn't. That does not mean we've given up or thrown in the towel in 2012. We will continue to work to meet or even exceed our original earnings guidance, but the numbers just aren't there right now. With natural gas and power prices continue to fall and gas inventories overflowing as well as the full trend of regulatory and legal challenges at the utility and EWC, it sometimes seeing some news is all negative. It's not. The Board of Directors and management team are focused on adapting to the world as it is, and as it will be, not how we wish it to be. There are ever new challenges but there will be opportunities that come along with those changes. For example, initiatives like the MISO proposal and the ITC spin-merge transaction create real benefits for our customers and other stakeholders and reflect our first rule, know thyself. The structure delivers value we simply cannot do on our own. There are others similar opportunities. Commodity prices have a long history of volatility, with today's bearish natural gas price levels, which are likely to persist in the near-term, we're closely examining our options to manage through this down cycle, and at the same time prepare the business to capitalize on the option that markets improve. But I should be clear about that. While the current low prices do not appear sustainable, the old days of double-digit natural gas prices do not appear to be realistic either. For the economy, for jobs, for the environment, for customers, for sustainable growth, abundant natural gas in moderate prices creates a promising future. And while low prices may not be the best news for Entergy's merchant fleet, we will adapt. This brings me to the second rule, change is constant, but we will continue adapting, not to losing but to new ways of doing business and creating more flexible, flexibility, agility and greater options. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover first quarter 2012 financial results, our cash performance for the quarter, 2012 earnings guidance and some closing remarks. Slide 2 summarizes first quarter as recorded in operational earnings results, and Slide 3 outlines the major factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. First, I'll cover the 2 special items for the quarter. These 2 items are included in As Reported results but are excluded from Operational results. One special item is for expenses incurred in connection with the proposed spinoff and merger of Entergy's transmission business which we announced in December. Spending on our spin-merge initiative reduced earnings per share by $0.04 in the quarter, $0.03 at the Utility and the balance at Parent & Other. The other special item is for an asset impairment recorded at EWC for the Vermont Yankee asset. Under generally accepted accounting principles, long-lived assets are typically accounted for on a historical basis unless a triggering event occurs which results -- requires an impairment evaluation. For Vermont Yankee, the initial triggering event was in early 2010 when the Vermont Senate voted down a bill that would have allowed the Public Service Board to consider VY's application for a Certificate of Public Good. The vote raised questions regarding the operation of the plant through 2032. As a result of this vote and ongoing efforts by the state to shutdown Vermont Yankee early, the plant has been evaluated for impairment under the accounting rules, every quarter since the first quarter of 2010. The accounting rules called for a 2-step process. First, the book value of the asset is compared to an estimate of future undiscounted or nominal net cash flows expected to result from ownership of that asset. If the cash flows are equal to or higher than the book value of the plant, no impairment is indicated and the test is complete. Cash flow estimates consider future operating expenses and future market prices as well as the availability of the asset. The impairment analysis compares the carrying value of the asset to probability weighted expected cash flows measured at the end of each quarterly period. As you might expect, the key driver for cash flow estimates is forward prices. For impairment analysis, we have consistently used observable market prices were available. As you all know, at March 31, those prices declined significantly, which produced a different result this quarter. Because the undiscounted cash flows were less than the book value of the plant, we then performed step 2 of the analysis, which compared the book value of the assets to the fair value as of March 31, 2012. Fair value is typically determined using discounted cash flows. Because the fair value of the plant was less than the book value, an impairment charge of $356 million pre-tax, or $1.26 per share after-tax, was recorded to reflect the fair value of the plant. The write down represented approximately 70% of the book value of the assets and was allocated pro rata between plant, construction work in progress, fuel and deferred refueling outage costs. While accounting details help to understand the actual impairment entry, there are a few points that I'd like to emphasize. To repeat a key point Wayne made earlier, the impairment does not reflect the change in our view of the legal and state regulatory proceedings and the overall economic value of Vermont Yankee assuming we win and operate for 20 more years. Also, the impairment derives from the unique legal and state regulatory processes surrounding Vermont Yankee which make it uncertain that the plant will operate until the license expires in 2032. Absent this uncertainty, the evaluation for impairment would not have been required. The Vermont Yankee impairment naturally raises questions about our other non-utility nuclear plants, however, Vermont Yankee is unique for the reasons I noted earlier. As we sit here today, no triggering event has occurred for any of EWC's other nuclear plants so no evaluation is required or planned. However, even if we had evaluated EWC's other nuclear plants using our current operating assumptions and the March 31 price assumption, an impairment would not have been required. Now let's turn to operational results. Slide 3 summarizes the major drivers for operational earnings. Utility results were lower than a year ago due primarily to higher income tax expense, lower net revenue and higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense. Utility income tax expense was higher due to a non-cash write-off of a regulatory asset associated with income taxes. I won't repeat the same points that Wayne made in his remarks, but there are a few details that I'd like to note primarily on the accounting aspects of this issue. During the quarter, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana determined that its regulatory asset for income taxes was overstated because of the difference between the regulatory and the accounting treatment of certain income tax items, primarily those associated with pension expense. In the regulatory construct, there are 2 methods for determining how much income tax expense are included in the customer rates, normalization and flow-through. At a very high level, normalization follows GAAP income tax expense, while flow-through follows income tax payment. While normalization is typically the preferred method, some jurisdictions do use flow-through for various items. EGSL's retail rates were developed using the normalization method, but the financial accounting assumed that rates were being set using the flow-through method which had actually been the case prior to the GSU merger. As a result, EGSL's accumulated regulatory asset for future recovery of income tax expenses that were already being recovered in rates. The normalized method has been appropriately applied to income taxes associated with pension expense in rate making. As a result, this adjustment has no impact on customer rates. The disconnect was in our financial accounting assumption and the noncash write-off aligned the regulatory asset with the regulatory treatment. Utility net revenue was lower this quarter than a year ago due largely to unfavorable weather in the current quarter compared to favorable weather last year. As Wayne noted, weather was significantly warmer than normal this quarter. Excluding the effects of weather, retail sales increased 3.3% which was consistent with our expectations. Sales volumes were higher across all customer classes. Industrial sales were up 4.6% as the positive effects of facility expansions continued. Weather adjusted residential sales increased 2.6%. Growth was particularly strong in the Louisiana jurisdictions. Higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense also contributed to the lower earnings results. Higher O&M was partly due to increased compensation and benefits expenses which was driven by higher benefits cost. We noted on our fourth quarter call in January, the pension expense would be higher than planned due to a lower discount rate as well as other updated pension assumptions. Utility also had higher fossil expenses due partly to the Acadia acquisition which is offset by higher net revenue from the rate action associated with that acquisition. Higher fossil outage expense also contributed to increased O&M, a portion of which is considered timing. Slide 4 summarizes EWC's operational adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, for the quarter of the current and previous year. This quarter's operational adjusted EBITDA declined due primarily to lower net revenue and increased nonfuel operation and maintenance expense. EWC's net revenue decreased compared to the first quarter of last year due to lower energy pricing for its nuclear fleet. Prices were down for both contracted sales as well as power sold at market. The average contracted price was $50 and the average price sold at market was approximately $30. Decreased generation from the nuclear fleet also contributed to the decline in net revenue. Build sales were down less than 1% in slightly higher planned and unplanned outage days. Lower net revenue from the nuclear portfolio was partially offset by an increased net revenue from the non-nuclear assets, largely due to the RISEC plant acquired in late 2011. Higher nonfuel operation and maintenance expenses also contributed to the decrease in adjusted EBITDA. The increase was primarily due to higher compensation and benefits expense which includes pension expenses. Before we leave EWC, I'd like to mention one item in our earnings release. Starting this quarter, we've expanded the sold-forward table to include details for EWC's non-nuclear plants. The Additional Information will provide details on the energy and capacity sold as well as expected net revenue for that portfolio at a point in time. Parent & Other operational results declined due to several individually insignificant items. Slide 5 provides a recap of our cash flow performance for the quarter. Operating cash flow for the current quarter was roughly $600 million, about $280 million higher than the same quarter last year. The increase was due to lower pension funding and lower working capital requirements. These increases were partially offset by lower net revenue. Slide 6 summarizes our 2012 operational earnings guidance which we recently updated to $4.85, $5.65 per share. Several items weren't considered in our revised guidance range, some of which we discussed on our last quarterly call. Pension expense for the year will be higher than planned due to a lower discount rate and other updated assumptions. Market power prices have continued to decline since our original guidance was issued. As of the end of the quarter, average pricing for the unsold nuclear portfolio was $30 for the full-year compared to $46 assumed in guidance. Weather was significantly unfavorable in the current quarter. The regulatory asset writeoff noted earlier also reduced earnings. Operating expenses at VY, specifically fuel, refueling outage, amortization and depreciation will be lower going forward as a result of the asset impairment. The ongoing effect for 2012 is estimated to be $0.14. This affect declines over the next few years due to the effects of the write-down of the shorter-lived fuel and deferred refueling outage assets. Slide 7 provides details on the ongoing effects by category. Opportunities to offset some of the factors that have gone against us so far include reductions in non-fuel operation and maintenance expense, lower than planned interest expense based on financings completed to date, and potential income tax benefits incremental to the original plan. Our updated 2012 As Reported earnings guidance of $3.55 to $4.35 per share includes specials recorded through the first quarter but does not reflect any potential future expenses for the special item in connection with the proposed spin-merge of Entergy's transmission business. As Reported earnings guidance will be updated to reflect the special item as actual costs are incurred throughout 2012. Before we close, I'll provide some details on our recently completed credit facilities. On March 9, we competed new 5-year credit facilities totaling $4.15 billion for the parent company and 4 of the operating companies. Pricing terms for the parent facility is LIBOR plus 175 basis points drawn and 27.5 basis points undrawn. These rates increased from 2007 levels, but were in line with other recent utility transactions. Circumstances like the spin-merge transaction announced with ITC last fall caused us to delay this financing longer than we otherwise would have. Though not by design or any attempts to time the market, the final terms achieved reflected improved market conditions from the levels a year ago. In February 2011, estimated pricing was at 200 basis points drawn and 30 basis points undrawn. Assuming $1.5 billion drawn, today's terms compared to a year-ago yield, approximately $4 million per year lower cost. Since Hurricane Katrina, we have obtained significant improvements in our liquidity position. At the end of 2004, we had $1.6 billion in credit facilities and negative storm reserves. At the end of the first quarter, we have $4.3 billion in credit facilities, of which $2.8 billion is available. We also have storm reserve escrow accounts in Louisiana, Mississippi and New Orleans, totaling $336 million. These improvements give us confidence that we are prepared to quickly address a wide range of potential events that could affect our liquidity including storms. This is especially important as we move into the summer and hurricane season. As we look ahead, we continue to work to create value for all of our stakeholders by focusing on both operational excellence and portfolio management. For operational excellence, we manage our everyday costs and look for ways to improve efficiency and effectiveness through continuous improvement efforts. All of our employees focus on safety and operational excellence to get optimum performance from our assets. License renewal and legal efforts to ensure our ability to run our nuclear plants during extended license period is also a priority. We also work to effectively communicate and demonstrate that our plants are safe and secure and beneficial to the communities they serve. We look for ways to provide benefits to our customers and sound investments to improve safety and reliability and improve efficiency. We also focus on risk management to understand the risks in our business such as the declining commodity price environment that we've seen over the past few years. And we look for ways to mitigate those risks, such as new hedging strategies consistent with our point of view. On portfolio management, we create meaningful benefits in all of our businesses for our customers and other stakeholders, with initiatives, like the effort to join MISO, which is projected to produce $1.4 billion in savings for our utility customers over a 10-year period. Our proposal to spin off and merge the transmission business with ITC, and independent Transco, will benefit customers and other stakeholders with improvements in financial flexibility, operational excellence in the independent and transparent ITC model. EWC also explores ways to get the most out of its portfolio, such as we did with the RISEC acquisition. We also look for ways to create other opportunities, and we continue to take steps necessary to maintain financial flexibility as reflected in solid credit metrics and strong liquidity. The bottom line is that the utility fundamentals are still strong. Weather-adjusted sales were good, we have a constructive investment program and our strategic initiatives like MISO and ITC, which will benefit our customers and other stakeholders, are progressing. As Wayne said, it doesn't mean we won't work very hard to overcome these near-term issues. It simply means that they are near-term. EWC is obviously a different story, with today's pricing environment and all the political issues. But we are also working to preserve and enhance the value of that option through our regulatory strategy, operating model and market-facing activities. But in both cases, our long-term strategies to manage risks, remain financially solid and rationally grow the businesses remain intact. Our management team is focused on accomplishing the goals we've set out and to move us towards our overarching goal, of creating and delivering sustainable long-term value to all of our stakeholders. And now our senior team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just in terms of the ITC transaction. I guess, listening to ITC and what have you, it sounds like you guys are planning on doing a filing in the retail jurisdictions in the summer of this year, and I can't recall a transaction on which it took that long between the announcement and the actual filings to take place. And I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on what's going on there, and how your conversations are going on with the regulators.
J. Wayne Leonard: Okay, I'm going to let Gary Taylor, since this is his last call, get a chance to speak here.
Gary J. Taylor: Thanks, Wayne. I think, actually, it's gone as we would have planned. Early on, we talked about the fact that it was very important for our regulators to focus on the RTO transition piece and then file that up as there was more clarity with the transmission program through ITC. And that's what we've done. And so if you look at the timing, we want to make sure that all the hearings were down. And they've all been scheduled, and clearly, those will be completed this summer with the ruling from each of the commissions on an RTO. The second part was that we wanted to also ensure that many of the commissions had ex parte rules, and we wanted to have meaningful conversations with each of them, so when we made the filings this summer, that they were complete and address the concerns that they had. With that, we're on schedule to do that, as Wayne has said, to meet our goal of both the transition to the RTO by December of 2013 as well as supporting the closing of the deal with ITC by the middle of 2013 as well. So very much it's been consistent, and as far as regulators in general, they've been very open and very objective, and I think with what the staff is seeing is a very logical way to address it.
J. Wayne Leonard: I'll just add one thing. Gary made a good point yesterday in that -- I know you've all, many of you have talked to the regulators, you've heard statements by the regulators, and if you go back to MISO, where we were at in that process, and they were well down the road on MISO now, but the ITC were basically, is where we were on MISO at this point in time. With the regulators taking a wait-and-see approach, waiting to hear the testimonies, waiting to see exactly how we are going to address some of these issues, and that's their job. And on MISO once the numbers were put on the table and they could see what the trade was, then it's been very positive ever since. And so maybe it appears a little slow at someone out of the box, but we expect that once we make the filings, that things will pick up pretty fast.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And just in terms of the flexibility of the transaction, if one of the states, I mean, you're dealing with a variety of states there, if one of the state pulls out, I mean, just somebody says no, objects, I guess, is better way to put it. I mean, how flexible are you guys in terms of dealing with that, or any potential change? I guess, settlement, what have you, how flexible is the transaction do you think in terms of dealing with that potential situation from developing?
J. Wayne Leonard: Gary? I was just kidding Gary about that one. I was going to give him all the questions today, just as a sort of surprise.
Gary J. Taylor: I'm surprised!
J. Wayne Leonard: Leo, you want to take that?
Leo P. Denault: Sure, sure. Paul, that's just not a place that we're going to go. We anticipate that we're going to get, make it the same case in every jurisdiction in terms of the benefits and then we'll get this done across the board. Certainly there is considerations about the structure we picked and the transaction that we've struck. So it's not just a regulatory approval of the rate case or something like that where we've got a lot of flexibility around our structuring of this, we have a transaction to preserve and structure that transaction to preserve. So there's really nothing I can comment on there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And just the middle of the next year is what we're thinking about still here?
J. Wayne Leonard: There's been a lot of discussion about that and what we've said is next year. And it would be nice if it was in the middle of the year. That's about as early as you could I think as you could reasonably project it could happen. But we do expect it in next year, but I would hesitate to pick a time period at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Leo, could I ask you to walk through Slide 7 again on the ongoing impact from Vermont Yankee? I'm not clear I understand what all those different categories are.
Leo P. Denault: The categories have to do with the items that are part of the plant balance. From an accounting point of view, there's the plant itself and that's the one that you can look at from a depreciation standpoint, that's the value of the plant on the books that's depreciated every year. Since we took the impairment for a portion of the plant balance, that will reduce depreciation expense going forward. The deferred fuel or the fuel outage costs and the fuel itself, also given the way outages work, if you think about it, you were buying the fuel upfront and you have so much of it that comes out every cycle and you have costs associated with the fueling outage, you could amortize over a period of time, those are just shorter-lived assets. So you allocate the impairment across the asset group of the fuel, deferred outage costs and the plant balance, then those would be ongoing as long as those what you've written off you won't have to write off over the period of which those would have been amortized. So the fuel and the outage costs have a short life. The plant, obviously, has a life through the end of the license, so the depreciation expense goes down through the remainder of the life.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay, and that's another 20 years because you have the NRC extension?
Leo P. Denault: Correct, correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'd be curious to get your perspective, you mentioned it briefly earlier on the RFI on New York State regarding on incremental transmission and power development. Just wanted to get, first your perspective on how these upgrades might change the need ultimately for Indian Point? Secondly, the timing of any such outcomes, again you eluded to clearly sort of an initial look at the potential moving forward of this project? And finally, what is your expectation of the outcome here, clearly transmission and power upgrades being considered? So, I'll leave it to you guys.
J. Wayne Leonard: That's an excellent question. Certainly one that Rick, who's actually moved out of New York and is very involved in it and John also. And we've been following and been very involved in a lot of the details of what is going on and what is likely to happen. So I'll let Rick kind of summarize where we come out on that one.
Richard J. Smith: Okay, Julien, I mean, as you think about the energy highway objectives, I mean it's everything that we think makes good sense for long-term utility planning. And I think you start with that, they're looking at, they have a lot of generation up North, north of the state, west of the state that isn't fully utilized, a lot of wind generation out West. And what they're looking at is trying to eliminate some of those constraints, and try to give an opportunity of some of that generation serving the lower part of the state. And they are also looking at the long-term reliability, the electric systems, and as most states do in the Northeast, they have a pretty aggressive policy around renewable generation, how that could be developed. So I think as it relates to need, there's plenty of excess generation in the North and the West, and so that will drive a lot of transmission projects. Makes a lot of sense also from a little bit the intent of what the governor laid out, create more jobs. So you're going to build a lot of transmission with a nuclear, I mean, renewable portfolio out West, looking at more sustainable, environmentally friendly generation. But 2 things that we think they've laid out as part of their intent is also to maximize rate payer value, adhere to market rules and procedures, and maintain the overall reliability of the system. And I think that all plays well with the Indian Point unit as has been laid out in the past. Both the New York ISO, the CRA study, the Public Service Commission itself, Indian Point satisfies all those objectives very well. As it relates to timing, anytime you're coming in or their going through an RFI process, they just had another meeting about a week ago I think it was, and their expression of interest are supposed to be filed by the end of May. And then, the task force is looking at potentially identifying some of those requests for interest to maybe take to the next step which would be they'd issue a -- and it won't be the task force that's going to have to be, probably the utilities themselves request for proposals around particular projects. So as it relates to anything like that, that's going to take a while to kind of work through that, work it back through the New York ISO process and the Public Service Commission process, and then you eventually get to real projects probably a couple of years down the road. And I think a lot of them probably will be transmission. So I think as the timing is going to take a couple of years to play out, and I think the outcome will be more transmission than generation. I think there is enough generation in the state, it's just not all in the optimum places.
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, all I need is Rick could expand on or even Mark could expand on that issue. From the reliability standpoint even though over the years, we've developed in the industry a number of devices that can help, there is no replacement for local generation, it is just good. If you're talking about reliability, you can have all the energy, all the capacity. And we are pushing it down wires, no matter how big they are, or how many devices you put on them, local generation is absolutely critical to maintain reliability. And these are like 2000 megawatts optimally positioned in New York. And no plan that you are going to come up with is going to produce an expected reliability level as good as one that includes Indian Point. It's just that simple.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe kind of looking a little bit, taking a different direction, more directed towards Leo. I saw the refinancing in the quarter, January obviously taking some more off the revolver. What is the expectation as you stand here today with regard to pushing more of that off to revolver into long-term financing? Is it baked into your '12, is it another '12 issuance or are we talking 2013 and beyond at this point? And maybe more structurally, are you looking to proceed any kind of further refinancing with any kind of transactions of any sort?
Leo P. Denault: As far as the parent company goes, if you go back in time prior to the spinoff announcement, the nature of our term versus liquidity at the parent is pretty much in the same position now as it has been. So I wouldn't expect major changes on that, all other things being equal, in terms of pushing more from the revolver to term or anything like that. As it relates to transactions, when we look at the majority of the transactions that we've got keyed up, for example the power plant acquisitions or even the ITC transactions, those are operating company financings. So if you think about the power plants at a specific jurisdiction, those jurisdictions do their own financing for those power plants. And in the ITC transaction, when you think about the financing that we'll do associated with that separation it will be to a fixed -- to alter the balance sheets to the right size of the operating companies themselves. So from a transactional standpoint of anything that we've got out there right now, that's all related to the operating companies. And I think that all other things being equal, the parent company has got the right mix of the facility term debt right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Wayne, you kind of mentioned this issue of the DOJ investigation from a couple of years ago and tie it into the Hinds transaction. Is it just the issue that those transactions need to be approved by DOJ so that's how they might end up the getting tied together?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, it's speculation. I mean it's just speculating on logic in terms of you have 1 agency with 2 things in front of them. And people sometimes tend to want -- not want to let go of one until they see the outcome of the other. We don't know that. I'm just -- I'm trying to do is to bring up the issue of we don't know really what's going at DOJ, and whether they would somehow relate the two. We don't think they're related. But I want to make you aware of that possibility, that it could get delayed. Not necessarily because they are tied together but because it's 1 agency with 2 different things they're working on for 1 company.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, okay. And then secondly, on New York, is there any schedule on ruling on the water treatment issues at Indian Point? Any update on the hearings for that, the Wedgewire cooling towers?
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, go ahead, Chuck.
Charles Barlow: Yes, Dave, this is Chuck Barlow. There will be -- it will be a relatively slow summer. There will be a couple of wrap-up type hearings on some issues that have already actually been tried. This summer, there is some briefing, post-trial briefing, going on this summer, but the other issues that we have outstanding such as what is actually the technology that will be required, looks like it will definitely go into 2013, as we look at having and wrapping up that trial. So we don't see the likelihood of any incremental decisions being made by the administrative law judges or any final decisions being made on the water quality front before that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Wayne, you made comments about the market cycles for power generation, and how things are tough now, and they're likely going to be tough for another couple of years, but they're not going to be tough forever. And I also think about your companies and your leadership history of being what I would call a contrarian buyer, meaning there weren't so many guys who went out and bought nuclear plants at a couple of hundred bucks per kilowatt back in the late '90s, early 2000s. Are there -- when you look at the merchant power markets today, are you seeing opportunities that have the similar value creation potential to the ones you saw in the late '90s, early 2000s around nuclear? And if so, are there specific, either asset classes or markets, that attract you the most?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, if I had the benefit of hindsight, I could, 10 years from now, I could tell you which ones will fit that description. When we bought the nuclear, we never expected the prices to be as high as they were for a period of time there. And we don't see that certainly happening again for really any asset class. Probably the most certain thing that when you look at it is environmental regulations are going to get tougher now. Probably not nearly as tough as EPA has outlined, which is just a point of view that is going to work its way and will be played out in probably the courts over the period in time. And there will be assets that people don't view as having much value that will probably have a lot longer life than people think. But I think from our perspective, there's a lot of opportunity because we have a number of companies that are feeling the pressure of these low prices, and they're looking for -- to reduce the risks that they were [ph] out with these assets. And we do have the advantage of having really clean, well located plants. And so, I think there are opportunities available. I wouldn't get in depth to any particular detail, but to work with some of the other companies who have merchant capacity fleets and who develop a more robust kind of portfolio that would rather than bet on any one particular kind of future. I know that's not being very specific, but we're spending a lot of time on this and there's a lot of interest, I can say that, with a number of other companies in terms of trying to figure out how they work their own way through this also. It's a very uncertain time because I mean you have to -- it's not like one thing you're betting on. There's just a lot of different issues that could swing one way or the other.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I would argue all times are like that and it just depends on where you are in the cycle, right? Are there -- would you prefer to add concentration in markets where you already participate in, where you already have physical presence versus expand into other markets?
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, absolutely.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And this one might be one for Rick. Rick, when do you expect rulings in the New York ICAP docket?
Richard J. Smith: We really don't know.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I mean, it seems that it's been sitting in front of the FERC for a while, just kind of sitting there.
Richard J. Smith: Yes, you're right. I mean, everybody has done their filings and stuff. They're going to have to kind of make their own -- they're going to have to make a decision, and we'll see where that goes after that. They must be pretty busy with other things.
Operator: And we have time for one additional question, and we'll go to Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, I was just kind of thinking about the ITC transaction, and as you guys have had a chance to spend some time with the different commissioners and staff members. How are you maybe verbalizing the value proposition of having ITC run the system? Obviously, there is real cost benefit that the MISO involvement as you guys have demonstrated, but with the higher cost of capital and that sort of thing, what value are you guys trying to really sell them on, to get them on board with the deal?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, I think I mentioned in the comments, a lot of the advantages. But clearly, the scale they bring and the focus that they bring is unique, and maybe that's a leap of faith that they will find ways to do things that we wouldn't necessarily. But as you know, all of our state regulators have been, ever since the merchants came into our territory in these very large numbers, they've been inundated with complaints and we've had various investigations and various requests for data and oversights and we have processes and to address all those issues and every single one of them, it would always come up that we're doing things exactly right according to the rules and all that. But there's always that suspicion that because you're in the business that you're not. And that somehow, something is being wrong or whatever -- being done wrong. Some of us come from at least partial backgrounds like you all do in the trading business, and in the trading business, oversight only go so far. It's separation of duties is everything. And for the commission, the oversight is with all this merchant capacity is sole owners and it never settles the question. And so, by separating the businesses, any concerns that anybody has that there's anything going on here that's not in the best interest of everybody or consistent with the law, and they've heard that over and over again from all the merchants and all the different parties, and just the independence alone, is what stakeholders want. That's what we're giving them. And then at the same time, we still think there's enormous upside of having focus on that business. And I think the main thing that we are emphasizing to them is what the stakeholders want is independence, and these hearings, they've tended to agree with the stakeholders that independence would be good. And that's -- now, they have the opportunity to achieve that.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, Leo, just to make sure I understood, on the tax treatment, the Louisiana income tax reset was unique to this period. So kind of going forward, there's not going to be anymore variation and we should assume a normalized tax rates up there?
Leo P. Denault: Yes. You're talking about the Gulf States?
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes.
Leo P. Denault: Yes.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Lauren, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Reg G compliance statements. Our call is recorded and can be accessed on our website and by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 4034210. The recording will be available as soon as practical, after the transcript is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The telephone replay will be available through May 3, 2012. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Leo P. Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gary J. Taylor - President of Utility Operations John T. Herron - Chief Nuclear Officer, Senior Vice president of Nuclear Operations, Chairman of System Energy Resources Inc, Chief Executive Officer of Nuclear Operations, Chief Executive Officer of System Energy Resources Inc, President of Nuclear Operations and President of System Energy Resources Inc
Analysts: Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] As part of today's conference call, Entergy corporation makes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these factors is included in the company's SEC filings. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wayne.
J. Wayne Leonard: Okay, thanks, Paula. Good morning, everyone. At our Analyst Conference last April, and since then, we have discussed the plans and strategies to positively resolve overhang issues that are negatively influencing your view of our future prospects. At EEI in November, I made a number of personal predictions on how I felt the future playing out. One was, that we would find the right partner and financial structure to allow a divestiture of our transmission business in a way that is in all stakeholders' best interest. Another was that Vermont Yankee will not be shut down.  While neither of those are closed issues as of today, we are pleased with our progress. As for other viewpoints I expressed, I standby those as well. And while we don't have specific outcomes to report today, we have been equally active in making them a reality. Starting in Vermont. Consistent with our in-depth analysis on January 19, the U.S. District Court for the District of Vermont declared unconstitutional the state of Vermont's attempts to force the Vermont Yankee nuclear plant to close on March 21 of this year. The court ruled that Vermont Act 160 and a provision in Vermont Act 74 were preempted by the Federal Atomic Energy Act because they were enacted with radiological safety concerns in mind. Act 160, passed by the Vermont Legislature in 2006, required legislative approval for continued operation after March 21, 2012, before the Vermont Public Service Board to decide whether to grant a Certificate of Public Good or CPG to Vermont Yankee. The provision struck down and Act 74 had required legislative approval for storage and suspend nuclear field from operations after March 21, 2012. The court found that "There is overwhelming evidence in a legislative record that Act 160 was grounded in radiological safety concerns and the strong commitment desire to empower the legislature to act on those concerns and deciding the question of Vermont Yankee's continued operation." Similarly, the court concluded that, "Radiological safety concerns were the primary motivating force for enacting Act 74, in particular the requirement for a permanent legislative approval for Penfield storage after March 21, 2012." Furthermore, the court founded the issuance of the CPG for continued operations and not be conditioned on the below wholesale market power purchase agreement with Vermont or the Vermont Utilities, or Vermont Yankee selling power to the Vermont Utilities at rates below those available to wholesale customers in other states. Over the last few years, there has been a nearly constant Entergy bashing in Vermont. And among other things, our company's integrity and our trustworthiness. We had chosen to not engage those attacks in the media. However, Judge Murtha's meticulous 102-page order rejects the state's assertion, "Entergy comes to the court with unclean hands." By stating, "Dependents have offered no evidence Entergy acted inequitably or in bad faith. And the court holds this argument unpersuasive." The court's decision is good news, good news for our 600 employees at Vermont Yankee, the environment and the community, and also supports the proposition that the rule of law applies to everyone. The American justice system's blind in this application to see some facts beyond the surface in getting to the truth. Since the ruling was issued a little over a week ago, the #1 question being asked is, "What are the next steps?" We do not know what Vermont's next step will be. If they plan to appeal Judge Murtha's decision to the Second Circuit, Court of Appeals, they are required to file a notice with the Court by February 21. As for us, we are considering our options for recovering from the state of Vermont the costs and attorney's fees incurred in the case thus far. In addition, today, we filed a motion with the Vermont Public Service Board, asking the Board to take action in existing CPG docket without further proceedings, to grant a new CPG or amend the existing one, to permit operation of VY through March 21, 2032. As a reminder, in March 2008, we filed a request with the Board to issue a CPG for operation past March 2012. Hearings were held in the second quarter of 2009, followed with the filing of proposals for decisions and initial brief for the parties in July 2009. With the judge finding that no nuclear safety or power contract issues can be the basis for denial, we believe there is nothing standing in the way of initialing the CPG. We believe the evidence is complete and supports the decision to allow it's continued operation. The law does allow the plant to continue to operate past March of -- March 21 if the decision on a new CPG has not been made. Now there may be arguments that the issuance of the CPG is premature and so the state decides whether to appeal the decision and if so, the appeals process is exhausted. But nonetheless, the record indicates it's complete now. In other license renewal news, the Pilgrim Nuclear Station came one step closer to obtaining the 20-year extension of its operating license. On January 11, the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board or ASLB dismissed the last pending late-filed contention and formally terminated proceedings before them with the words "Denied and Terminated" in capital letters. 5 appeals of ASLB decisions including the most recent one have been filed with the commission. As we've stated, in our August 23 motion, NRC regulations allows for the staff to issue Pilgrim's license renewal with appeals pending. That motion remains pending with the NRC. However, issuance of Pilgrim's extended operating license might not occur until all appeals are resolved. As we have stated repeatedly in the past, the NRC's timely renewal doctrine allows for continued operations past June 8 if our application remains unresolved at that time. In the state of New York, preparations have began for hearings before the ASLB on Indian Point license renewal application. There are currently 14 consolidated issues admitted into preceding that will be the subject of the hearings which are expected to begin in the third quarter. On a parallel path, hearings continued from October 2011 to January of this year before Administrative Law Judges of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation or DEC, were completed for the designated first set of issues. Issues covered in its first phase were: The efficacy of our Wedgewire screen proposal was the DEC properly denied, the water quality certification application based upon the impact if any of the leakage of radiological material into the groundwater beneath Indian Point and whether Indian Point impairs the best uses of the Hudson River. Remaining issues include endangered species consideration, the management appeals water discharges and whether the cooling towers are the best technology available on this site. The trial and the remaining issues is expected to resume later this year but an end date is not clear at this time. The start of these hearings is certainly a milestone in both the NRC and state processes. But I would note that Pilgrim entered this hearing stage on its NRC application in April 2008, nearly 4 years ago. And Pilgrim had 2 admitted contentions and the NRC license renewal proceedings versus the 14 consolidated contentions with what the ASLB for Indian Point today. The decision on Indian Point's continued operation ultimately rests with the NRC. The water quality proceedings before the New York DEC are focused primarily on the evaluation of operations with cooling towers, versus operations with our proposed waste water screen alternative, or simply maintaining the status quo. And nothing has changed my view that these proceedings included in the appeals could take many years to complete. While we do recognize it certainly has valued all stakeholders during the potentially extended time frame it takes for the NRC to render a final decision, Indian Point can continue to operate under the NRC's timely renewal doctrine. Actually, that is pretty close, pretty certain itself. In other words, the weight of the policy contentions of [ph] the NRC must wade through does not lead to an expeditious shutdown, but more likely, that this process could extend deeply into the license extension period we are asking for. It could be a horse race on which process takes longer to litigate, the federal or the state. In other EWC matters, Entergy closed on its acquisition of the 583-megawatt Rhode Island State Energy Center Power plant in late December. The rising plant is an efficient plant, to diversify EWC's position across the dispatch curve and provides us with additional dispatch flexibility to extract value for market volatility, enhances our ability to manage risk and value across our New England portfolio, something we've seen in recent weeks. EWC will continue to focus on managing open portfolio commodity risks and actively seeking out some more hedging products, volumes and timing going forward. At year end 2011, EWC had sold 88% of nuclear generation for this year and 81% for next year at prices that are now $7 to $15 per megawatt-hour above the current markets. At Utility. On December 5, we announced that the Board of Directors of Entergy and ITC Holdings approved an agreement by which Entergy will divest and then merge its transmission business into a subsidiary of ITC's reverse lower-stress structure. We will see various approvals for the transaction including from each of Entergy's retail regulatory jurisdictions. We believe the transaction provides tangible benefits to customers and all other stakeholders. Moreover, this outcome is consistent with congressional intent, enforce policy and direction and also addresses transmission issues raised by other entities that rely on the operating public transmission system. Immediately following the announcement, we'll begin working jointly with ITC to obtain an understanding of our regulators' perspective on the proposed transaction in advance of initiating any regulatory filing. We fully intend those filings will address any issues of concern. We will make the change for controlled filings once this pending process is complete. The targeted close of the transaction remains in 2013. Once the pre-requisite to the closing calls for the Entergy systems to have all the necessary approvals from the state and local regulatory jurisdictions to join a reasonable transmission organization. The progress continues on that front. The change of control filings to join the Midwest Independent System Operator or MISO, made in all jurisdictions except Texas. Texas operates under a requirement to issue an order within 180 days of the filing. And as a result, we want to add other jurisdictions to make further progress on our request to join MISO before Texas is required to issue a decision. Procedural schedules on the MISO change of control proceeding for the Louisiana Public Service Commission and the Arkansas Public Service Commission had hearings occurring in May and in early June, followed by a potential decision shortly thereafter. Decisions in the other jurisdictions are expected by the third quarter of 2012. It is our belief that change with control filings to join MISO should be considered separately from the ITC transaction. In other Utility regulatory developments, Entergy Texas filed a rate case in late November requesting a 2 -- a $112 million base rate increase and a 10.6% ROE. Rate case will also set base lines for transmission and distribution, as well as purchase power, capacity costs that could be used in future rider recovery mechanisms. Transmission and distribution riders have already been authorized, and the Public Utility Commission of Texas opened the rulemaking project last year to consider a purchase power capacity line to mechanisms as well. In Entergy Texas rate case, the parties have agreed to schedule to contemplate the final decision by July 30 with ultimate rates relating back to June 30. In Louisiana, in mid-November, the Louisiana Public Service Commission approved one-year extensions of the formula rate plans for Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. As part of the approval for the extensions, both Louisiana utilities will be required to file base rate cases by January of 2013. Also for Entergy Louisiana, the FRP extension includes a provision related to the Waterford 3 Steam Generator replacement project, initiating recovery without any regulatory lag through the May FRP filing, assuming an in-service state at the beginning of 2013, subject to refund improvements review. And the over-earnings will be applied to produce the incremental revenue requirement. These rates are expected to stay in place until completion of Entergy Louisiana's base rate case to be filed in January of 2013. In Mississippi, developments, 2 more independent firms hired by the Mississippi Public Service Commission have completed their review of Entergy's Mississippi's fuel and energy procurement practices and procedures. Moreover, these latest audits continue to confirm that there have been no improper charges by the company to its customers. The fuel audits are the 6th and 7th MPSC-commissioned, independent audit since 2008, all have reached the same conclusion. Inquires into Entergy's Mississippi's steel purchase practice began after rising gas prices led to a 28% increase in the typical Entergy Mississippi residential bill. Earlier this month, the Mississippi Public Service Commission voted unanimously to certify the audits and file them with the state legislature. In 2012, utility has a full agenda once again, addressing regulatory and capital projects initiatives. In addition to the annual formula rate plan filings in Louisiana, Mississippi and New Orleans, Utility will complete the rate case in Texas and prepare for rate case filings for Louisiana, as well as potentially other retail jurisdictions as they plan for the proposed integration into MISO. Utility will also seek approval of the change in control products to join MISO by the third quarter while separately pursuing approvals for the spin-merge of the transition business. Further, Utility will focus on cost-efficient integration planning to enable a seamless transition to MISO and for the spin-merge of the transmission business. In addition, Entergy Arkansas will continue to prepare for its exit of the industry system agreement, now less than 2 years away. At nuclear, 2 major capital projects will be completed in 2012. First in the spring, the approximate 178-megawatt upgrade at Grand Gulf is scheduled to be completed during the refueling outage. Once the upgrade is installed, the reactor in Grand Gulf will have the largest capacity of any single nuclear generating of its type in its station. Then the Waterford 3 stall refueling outages steam generator vessel head replacement project is scheduled to be installed. The Utility's possible generation fleet, the process to obtain regulatory approval in Louisiana to issue the full notice to proceed our construction of Ninemile unit 6, a 550-megawatt combined cycle power plant is nearing completion. New Orleans regulators are expected to get final approval from Entergy New Orleans' 20% participation at the Ninemile 6 project at February 2 to the city council meeting at EWC.  Goals for 2012 are consistent with prior year's. Beyond our overarching objective of safe and secure operations of a nuclear fleet, we expect to close out Pilgrim's license renewal proceedings and of course, defend against any attempt to nullify or overturn any part of the Federal Court's recent decision of January 19, 2012. While resolution in Indian Point will not occur this year in a regulatory setting at least, EWC will continue to establish the fact-based records compliance with all laws and regulations, and the NRC license renewal proceeding and in the water quality proceeding before the New York DEC. Should an opportunity for achieving certainty at Indian Point arise, that is fair to all stakeholders and can be assured, that we will pursue that with a number of creative ideas and have an open mind to the needs and ideas of others. EWC will also continue to apply its dynamic point of view in the midst of uncertain and rapidly evolving commodity markets, sway fundamental views of natural -- use of natural gas and power prices against forward-hedging opportunities that exist in the market.  Finally, we will communicate updates to our long-term financial objectives at a future date. Among other factors, timing will depend upon when there is better clarity around long-term commodity price pass as the transmission spin-merge transaction progresses. 2011 was once again a strong year financially and operationally. At the Utility, we maintain reliability of the bulk electric systems through 2011's highest events, tornadoes and record flooding. And in the summer, we set a new record for non-coincident peak hour loads with the system in 3 of our 4 jurisdictions. At the same time, we improved our J.D. Power Associate's customer satisfaction scores with 2 jurisdictions noted among the most improved utilities. The EWC continues to set operational records, the longest continuous runs were completed at Pilgrim at 642 days. There's the one seriously troubled Cooper unit in Nebraska at 483 days. And Vermont Yankee and Pilgrim were evaluated once again in the excellence category as compared to peers. A distinction held by a total of 5 plants in the Entergy's nuclear fleet.  Financially, operational earnings per share of $7.62 exceeded last year's record of $7.10, marking the 11th record in the last 12 years. And operating cash flow remains strong at $3.1 billion. This does not equate to similar record performance in the 2011 shareholder return. Earnings have grown in the compound average annual rate of 10% in the last 13 years since the end in 1998. Although the 2011 earnings reporting season had just begun, the 12-year annual average earnings growth rate for the members of the Philadelphia Utility Index was about 4% at the end of 2010. So earnings have grown about 2.5x the industry average even at a depressed commodity market. During its 13-year period since the end of 1998, Entergy's shareholder return has averaged 10.6% per year compared to the 6.8% annual return for the Philadelphia Utility Index, or about 150% of the industry average, ranking in the top quartile of the index members. But Entergy's 2011 total shareholder return was 8.3%, significantly below the 19.3% return by the Philadelphia Utility Index, ranking us in the bottom quartile. We take no comfort in what we have accomplished in the past to the difficulty resolved in the overhanging issues expeditiously, without giving it substantial long-term value. Recent events, such as the ITC transaction announcement and the district court's decision on Vermont Yankee, illustrate our commitment and our resolve to do well and do right by our stakeholders. Specifically, we will not be satisfied with anything less than returning to the top quartile in total shareholder return on both an annual and a cumulative basis. Before closing, I want to take this opportunity to thank 2 key members of our leadership team whose retirements were announced this morning. Bob Sloan, the Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and Gary Taylor, Group President of Utility Operations. Both have achieved the end-or-all aiming core, to retire, having successfully achieved our professional goals while still having the opportunity to fully enjoy the next phase of our lives. In Bob's case, the recent successful outcome of our federal litigation regarding Vermont Yankee [indiscernible] distinguished career with Entergy, and General Electric before that. During his time with Entergy, Bob reshaped the legal department, enhancing the quality and efficiency of legal services to meet the company's changing needs, developing more robust practice areas, and adding key personnel, including in environmental, labor, nuclear and the federal regulatory area. Assuming responsibility for the legal organization of Marcus Brown. Marcus is on the call with us today. Marcus has been on point for high-profile litigations, including leading the Entergy legal team in the Vermont Yankee case, and legal efforts in Entergy's New Orleans successful emergence from bankruptcy with a full compensation reorganizational plan. Gary's influence in the company's success reaches throughout the company in both the nuclear and in Utility operations. During his 7 years in nuclear organizations, including the last 4 as CEO of Entergy Nuclear, Gary elevated safety and operational excellence to best-in-class. He's instrumental in our acquisition of the Palisades Nuclear Power plant and brought together the Utility and non-utility into one organization for the first time. He brought the same safety and operational excellence focus along with the commitment to our customers and delivering shareholder return, the Utility business over the last 5 years. Gary is fully committed, through his retirement on May 31, with a seamless transition to his successor who will be named at a later date. So you will get every opportunity to extend your well wishes at the upcoming events or conferences to Gary, and I hope you do. Now, I will turn the call over to Leo. Leo?
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results, our cash flow performance for the quarter and the full year, and a review of our 2012 earnings guidance including some comments on quarterly timing of results. In reviewing 2011 results, a few things stand out. We achieved record operational earnings per share for the seventh year in a row. And 11 out of the last 12, Utility EPS grew more than 40%. EWC's nuclear fleet achieved a 93% capacity factor including 2 scheduled refueling outages below the 30-day targets. We successfully closed on 2 plant acquisitions, the 580-megawatt Acadia plant for the Utility and the 583-megawatt Rhode Island State Energy Center, which will expand EWC's product options in New England. Utility announced an agreement to spin-off and then merge its transmission business into ITC and we will return nearly $800 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Before I talk about the full year, I'll quickly review the financial results for the quarter. Slide 2 summarizes fourth quarter 2011 as reported in operational earnings results, which were lower at Parent & Other compared to a year ago while results were higher at Utility and EWC.  On Slide 3, the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results are outlined in more detail. Parent & Other operational results declined in the fourth quarter due primarily to higher income tax expense. Parent & Other as reported results for the quarter included a special item, the special expenses incurred in connection with the proposed spin-off and merger of Entergy's transmission business, which we announced in December. Now turning to the Utility earnings in fourth quarter. 2011 were higher than last year. The major driver was again, lower income tax expense. After excluding the effect of prior year regulatory item that was offset in other income, net revenue was not a significant driver for the quarter. Retail sales declined 1.8% however, on a weather-adjusted basis, increased by 0.6%. Weather was negative for the quarter, versus the positive weather we experienced in the fourth quarter last year. The weather-adjusted sales growth was driven by higher industrial sales, which increased 2.5% quarter-over-quarter as the positive benefits of facility expansions continue. Sales and other retail segments declined compared to fourth quarter a year ago. At EWC, operational results were higher than the fourth quarter last year. The increase was due to a lower effective income tax rate and reduction in the decommissioning liability, which also reduced decommissioning expense. Partial offsets include the absence of the gain on the sale of our interest in the Harrison County plant, which we sold on December 31, 2010, and lower net revenue. EWC's net revenue declined largely as a result of lower energy and capacity pricing for its nuclear fleet. EWC's nuclear generation was 95% hedged for the quarter and the average price for the sold portion of the portfolio was around $52 per megawatt hour. The average energy price for the -- market energy price for the quarter was $35. The effect of these lower prices was partially offset by higher nuclear volume. Billed sales for the nuclear fleet were up 7.5% with fewer planned and unplanned outage days. The fleet capacity factor was 93% for the quarter compared to 86% in the prior year.  On Slide 4, we've summarized EWC's adjusted EBITDA for the quarter and full year. While we have occasionally presented EWC's adjusted EBITDA in the past, we will now provide this view as part of our quarterly discussions on EWC's results. For the quarter and full year, EWC's adjusted EBITDA was lower than the same periods a year ago. The decrease is largely attributable to the absence of the gain on the sale of Harrison County plant and lower net revenue as I just discussed. Slide 5 provides a recap of our cash flow performance for the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow in the current quarter was just under $1 billion, about $240 million higher than the same quarter last year. This change was due to lower pension funding and lower working capital requirements.  Moving to full year results, Slide 6 compares 2011 as reported on operational earnings to 2010. Higher operational earnings at the Utility were partially offset by lower results at EWC and Parent & Other. On an operational basis, 2011 earnings per share ended the year at $7.62, up 7.3% over 2010. The main drivers for this increase were an income tax settlement with the IRS recorded in the third quarter of the current year, which reduced income tax expense $382 million, less $199 million regulatory charge to reflect a regulatory agreement to share a portion of the tax benefits with customers. Higher Utility net revenue after excluding the effect of the regulatory charge just mentioned, accretion associated with Entergy's share repurchase program and a reduction in the decommissioning liability at EWC, which reduced decommissioning expense. Items providing a partial offset include lower net revenue at EWC and the absence of the gain on the sale at EWC noted earlier. Slide 7 provides a recap of our cash flow performance for the full year. For the year 2011, operating cash flow was $3.1 billion, down from a record $3.9 billion in 2010. The decrease is due primarily to the absence of the receipt of roughly $700 million of proceeds associated with storm-related debt issuances for 2008 hurricanes in Louisiana and lower EWC net revenue. Slide 8 details our 2012 operational earnings guidance, which we're affirming today at $5.40, $6.20 per share. Previously issued as recorded earnings guidance of $5.40 to $6.20 per share for 2012 does not reflect any potential future expenses for the special item in connection with the proposed spin-merge of Entergy's transmission business. As reported, earnings guidance will be updated to reflect the special item as the actual costs are incurred throughout 2012. The details of our earnings guidance shown on Slide 8 should be familiar to you as most of the drivers have not changed since we initiated guidance last November. In keeping with past practice, we have however, adjusted a few line items to reflect final 2011 results including weather, the decommissioning liability adjustment noted at EWC and income tax by segment. While we do not update all line items in our guidance table, we do provide details on assumptions at the time guidance was issued, and comparable information today. While we are affirming our operational earnings guidance range, we already know of some challenges that I'd like to highlight. First, I'd like to touch on commodity prices. Since the end of the third quarter, we've seen natural gas and power prices decline roughly 20% across the curve through 2016. As you know, there's been some rebound in the last week or so. For EWC's plants, in the Northeast market, 2012 market energy prices now average in the range of $35 per megawatt hour, compared with an average unsold energy price assumption of $46, reflected in guidance. Conversely, forward markets for the New York capacity have shown signs of initial recovery from their low point last summer. Another headwind that we face for 2012 is pension expense. When we issued guidance, we assumed a pension discount rate of 5.6%. The final pension discount rate is 5.1%. This lower rate, combined with other updated assumptions, will result in higher pension expense. We estimate the earnings impact will be in the range of $0.24 per share below the guidance midpoint assumption. Some offsets include lower interest costs, lower depreciation and the capacity prices that I mentioned earlier. With that in mind, earnings estimates currently point to the bottom of the range. That said, it is still early. We need to focus on things we can control such as spending levels and operations. We will continue to work towards offsetting these challenges and keep you updated on our progress. One last point on 2012, as it relates to quarterly results. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, Slide 9 outlines some key events to keep in mind in considering the quarters. 2011 earnings were heavily weighted in the third quarter due to the IRS settlement and associated regulatory reserve. 2011 EPS includes the $0.52 of weather primarily in the second and third quarters. Utility net revenue can be affected by seasonality, as well as the timing of regulatory rate actions such as the Entergy Texas rate action, which we are assuming effective around midyear. We're also assuming Hinds and Hot Spring acquisitions, and the Grand Gulf upgrade to be placed in service around mid-2012. At EWC, the fourth quarter of 2011 included an adjustment to the decommissioning liability, which reduced decommissioning expense $0.12. While there is ongoing impact to this adjustment, it is not significant. Quarter-over-quarter, non-fuel O&M variances are reflected by both the timing of spending and the occurrence or absence of specific events. Finally, tax items are lumpy by nature. Significant tax benefits in 2011 realized in the second and third quarters. In closing, I'd like to recap some accomplishments from this past year that position us well for the future. We completed the RISEC acquisition which adds a new flexible plant to the New England market. EWC also added nuclear hedges last year particularly for 2013 delivery where the energy sold forward position more than doubled to 81%. This provides additional certainty on future revenue streams, not only increasing the volume hedged but also prudently utilizing firm product structures to address the challenging commodity market and unique portfolio positions, such a pending license renewals. Looking ahead to 2012, EWC will continue our focus in key areas of the merchant generation business, including license renewal for our nuclear plants, our analytical and market-facing capabilities and positioning EWC to capture the long-term potential upside from key rate expansion. At the Utility in 2011, we continue to build on the Utility's progress, get the operating companies the opportunity to earn their allowed return on equity and the growth story for the Utility based on productive investments and flexible regulatory mechanisms remains intact. As we plan our strategies and initiatives for the future, we continue to take the steps necessary to name financial flexibility as reflected in solid credit metrics and strong liquidity. As an example, the ITC spin-merge transaction will increase flexibility of the Utility's investment alternatives and protect credit quality of Entergy and its operating companies. I can assure you, the management team is focused every day on accomplishing the goals that Wayne laid out for you earlier this morning towards the overarching financial goal of creating and delivering sustainable long-term value to all of our stakeholders. And now, the Entergy team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My first question is on some of the tax items. I'm -- just reading the footnotes to the variance table, you talk about the consolidated adjustments which net to 0 and also the shift of the nuclear power marketing, but within Utility you also highlighted favorable income tax adjustments and then at Parent, unfavorable income tax reserve adjustments. Any chance you could quantify those or give us a sense of whether they netted out? And what was sort of a net impact of tax adjustments in the quarter?
Leo P. Denault: Well, the net impact wasn't that significant. You've got the consolidated tax savings. Those adjustments are all net to 0 just shifting between Utility, EWC, Parent & Other. And the impact of all the other adjustments was pretty close to 0 as well. So the overall effective tax rate, if you look at that, is 36%.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the net is just noise within the segments that you're referencing after?
Leo P. Denault: Correct. Correct.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and on year-to-date basis, is there a similar number you could give us?
Leo P. Denault: Well, on the year-to-date basis, the big issue that we have is the IRS tax settlement, which effectively turns a temporary difference to a permanent difference. And that was the big third quarter adjustment that we have. Other than that, we make all of those consolidated tax adjustments in the fourth quarter, so those are all embedded in the year as well. But the big item for taxes for the year was the IRS settlement. That's the $382 million that I mentioned. But in the third quarter -- but then you also have the offset because of the regulatory sharing agreement of $199 million in the same quarter, which impacted the Utility segment's revenue.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Thanks, Leo. And then, if I may on another topic, Wayne, I think you mentioned the sort of thought that the Vermont PSB would reopen the existing proceeding they have on the Certificate of Public Good. Is it possible that they could start a new proceeding altogether? And what are your thoughts on the sort of those 2 different routes?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well we've had a lot of discussion among ourselves about what we think what they may or may not do. And if there's 4 of us in the discussions, there's 4 different opinions on what they may or may not do. So the -- I'm not going to speculate about that. We expect that they will follow the law. We expect that they will follow the record at some point in time in this case. I expect that there will be pressure to let the appeal... get the appeal, exhaust before they make that decision, but we're just going to have to wait and see, first of all, whether the state decides to appeal.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steve Fleishman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First, Bob and Gary, best of luck just in case I don't get to see you. And on the questions, the -- Leo, on the pension increase that you're projecting now for 2012, the additional $0.24, is there a way to break that out between the effect to the Utilities versus the effect to the other -- the unregulated businesses?
Leo P. Denault: Yes, there is. It's about -- in general, our pension, our liabilities are about 75% of the Utility and 25% is the EWC portion of that. So in all of those things, when you're looking, whether it's a cash flow statement or whatever, that's the general rule of thumb.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and does it -- obviously, that may mean that you under-earn a little more in 2012, so does this potentially change any thoughts on timing of rate cases?
Leo P. Denault: Well, what -- the way pension -- net pension expense runs through the regulatory mechanisms, such that it's a cost to service. So what we'll see is anything that has a test year, for example of 2012, will include the pension expense that we recorded in 2012.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. So just get through without in the formula rates potentially? Their process...
Leo P. Denault: Either the formula rates were in the 60% or so of the business, where we have those or in rate cases when they -- whenever those are a test year.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and then I guess my last question is just on the ITC transaction. I know you're still in the -- I think as you called the vetting process, but on the regulatory side, do you have -- would it be fair to say, to expect filings in the second quarter on the transaction with the states or too hard to pin down still?
J. Wayne Leonard: Steve, it's Wayne. The -- we wouldn't want to discount that or commit to it. We have another round coming up, a visit with regulators, and it actually starts next week, and have better insight into where we stand at that point in time, so ask me that at our next conference.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Leo, I thought I heard you earlier say that nuclear decommissioning impact on the fourth quarter would essentially not affect 2012. What was -- what did you reflect in the fourth quarter and why doesn't it have an impact on '12 earnings?
Leo P. Denault: It's basically a reset of the liability based on a commitment we made to the state when we acquired the plant that we would review the cost of decommissioning at this time. So it's a commitment we made to the state of Vermont that we would reestimate what that liability is, and so we're actually just making a change in the liability going forward, based on changing assumptions mostly around interest rates, escalation rates, et cetera. And so that reset of the liability runs through the income statement in the period which you do it. Going forward, because the liability is lower, there is an impact between now and the end of the plant's life. But it's not a big number like this one, it's as much smaller number. So it's not really the kind of thing that you're going to notice one way or the other going forward.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And going back to the back to taxes, if I look at the effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2010, it looks like to be in the 26% range versus the 37% range this quarter. What were the drivers behind the change in effective tax rate quarter-over-quarter?
Leo P. Denault: We had some -- I'll try not to use the buzzword for it, but basically when we finished up the 2009 tax return in 2010, there are some adjustments made to what we actually filed versus what we would have estimated at that time, and that those are made in the fourth quarter. That happens every year. It just happened to be a little bit more significant last year at the Utility.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and last for me is, can you update us at all on, I guess, you had filed several years ago for a large nuclear decommissioning loss, which gave rise to tax benefits. Can you just update us on where you stand in that process and has the IRS issued any type of ruling on the position that you took?
J. Wayne Leonard: Are you talking about -- when you say filed for loss? Are you talking about the tax deduction we took?
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay.
J. Wayne Leonard: No, that's going to be a long time before that gets resolved most likely. We had the -- if you're talking about the deduction that we took, actually I think on the 2009 return associated with the decommissioning liability at the Northeast plants, that -- by the time that comes up to audit cycle, by the time we get through review and wherever that's going to go, it'll be quite a while before we have resolution unless something comes up to settle it sooner.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And we should assume that you're not taking or that you haven't taken any of those NOLs as a credit towards earnings? Or is that not the case?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, to the extent that we had resolution, for example, in the recent tax settlement, those things -- the recent IRS settlement is kind of an outgrowth of all of that. There was a combination of benefit from the tax positions that we took plus we utilized about $2.5 billion of the NOL at that point in time. So those do get taken care of as we run through resolution of those issues to the extent that there is a reserve against those.
Operator: And we'll go next to Daniel Eggers with Crdit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just looking at some of your long-term planning assumptions that you provided in the fall, I guess, my first question is the $4 billion to $5 billion you thought you could return to shareholders in a lower commodity-priced environment, how is that number being affected? Are you guys still seeing yourselves within that band? And what kind of credit metrics we'll be watching to understand where you could fall out against that number?
J. Wayne Leonard: We would still see ourselves in that band at the amount of repurchases we've done since then, plus the current dividend. We're already at the bottom end of that. Commodity price movements, the acquisition of RISEC, things like that impact the distributable cash flows and how those will work. And recall that from a buy back point of view, we're really focused -- the buybacks come from either the EWC business, the commodity-market based business or unique events like asset sales or things like that. So we still see ourselves in that range but arguably with today's commodity prices that puts us down in a range rather than up.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Leo, what kind of metrics should we be looking at most specifically as far as coverage ratios and that sort of thing to kind of calibrate where the balance sheet should be?
Leo P. Denault: In terms of which ones? I'm sorry, you were a little bit...
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I guess, add flow[indiscernible] interest, what kind of cover around metrics are you guys focused on?
Leo P. Denault: Well, we don't really disclose targets of where we're trying to go with those. Our metrics have traditionally been very strong within our ratings category. Our debt-to-capital ratio usually hovers around that 55%, debt-to-cap on a gross basis. We focus mostly on maintaining a significant amount of liquidity to manage the business, both the needs of the Utility but also obviously within UDPWC. But typically, we strive for and we accomplish cash flow metrics that are reasonably strong within the ratings category we are to. But we don't give out specific targets or anything like that.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and I think just one last question. I know there's a lot of work that you've done on the ITC transaction but when you look at that 6% to 8% compound earnings growth, do you guys feel comfortable at those numbers even if just on the traditional distribution business? Is it traditionally Utility businesses x Transco if you'll look out between now and '14?
Leo P. Denault: Well, the 6% to 8% objective included the transmission business. We haven't done anything as Wayne said, to reset what would look like once we accomplish the spin and those are obviously, they went through 2014 anyway. So we really haven't -- we don't really have an update on those. We'll look at those as we go forward. Certainly the transmission business is a -- has a lot of capital associated with it, but so does generation. The biggest CapEx to depreciation spread is in transmission but the biggest numbers are in generation.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I wanted to first address Arkansas as we are looking towards the MISO and ITC transaction and transition respectively. Specifically, as far as contingencies go, I mean I know we're still a little bit ways away from end of 2013, but I just wanted to hear a little bit about -- could Arkansas go independent for a little bit just to -- how much of a hard deadline is the end of 2013 vis-a-vis Arkansas and getting this all done?
Gary J. Taylor: This is Gary and I'll start with the end part. December 2013 is a firm and fixed date. They -- we have the System Agreement in that date and we've got to be prepared for them to have an option. Until that point, we really have been proceeding with really 3 options. One is basically the RTO with it going to MISO, and then there's a little one that would probably most likely, if we were not to get there, is we got also the -- it's a stand-alone option. That's obviously not the one that's in the best interest of our customers and the one that would be more costly. But we've been proceeding with all of those options kind of simultaneously. As soon as we can get an answer from the commission, hopefully here in June, then we would basically terminate those others.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: At what point do you need to make a formal notification? Let's say end of this year, it doesn't look like you've gotten -- have a determination in hand or what have you, do need to make a decision with respect to investments to get yourself ready to transition to an independent system for whatever period of time?
Gary J. Taylor: We are actually making those investments consistently at the same time right now. So the reality is we're spending money for both options and the sooner we can get one, we would actually terminate one. But we're were assuming that we could go through the end of this year holding both those options open until the commission makes a decision. And we need to file with FERC in 2013 for our intention of where we plan to go. We have [indiscernible].
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. Great. Did I cut you off there?
Gary J. Taylor: No, that was fine.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. And then finally, just a follow-up on the EWC side. In terms of the recent scrutiny at the Palisades, just kind of commenting around how you guys intend to change operationally your operation of that unit?
J. Wayne Leonard: I'll give it to John here, and our Chief Nuclear Officer. John?
John T. Herron: Julien, this is John. A couple of things first, while we're certainly disappointed with some of the performance issues that we've had at Palisades. I can assure you that not only the leadership team at the site along with our corporate leadership has put a lot of attention on this facility to make sure that we turn the tides here. We've had multiple meetings with the NRC, assuring them not only what the cause of some of these issues were but what corrective actions we've taken in making sure that the entire organization at Palisades is engaged with making sure that we don't continue to make some of these same performance errors. But we've definitely had significant oversight and making sure that the leadership team there is very focused on turning around this performance at that facility.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just as a follow-up, is there a key review date that we should be looking forward to there, sort of a key decision move forward date for NRC in terms of kind of unflagging the unit or anything like that?
John T. Herron: We're still working with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission on 2 issues and we haven't got their final review on that. Typically, when you have something like this, you'll have a root cause -- you'll have the corrective actions and then typically, about a year, when you're able to sit down with the regulatory body and then go through -- making sure the corrective actions that you've taken have resolved the issue and that you're assured yourself that these types of issues won't continue. So it's early to say right now what the final date's going to be but it typically runs about a year from the time you get the final report from the regulatory body.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to follow-up on Paul Fremont's question on Vermont Yankee. It sounded like there was sort of just generic things like interest rates and what have you that changed the impact of the decommissioning liability. And I'm wondering is there any possibility that could happen at other plants?
J. Wayne Leonard: It has happened. And we've done some of these in the past but there's no schedule for some of those plants at the moment. This was something that we did as a result of our agreement with Vermont when we acquired the plant. So typically, there's -- if there's some rationale for doing that, you'll go through that process. But right now there really wouldn't be for the other plants.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, so there's nothing really on the horizon that could happen in that area?
J. Wayne Leonard: Not at the moment.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, and then just with respect to the ITC transmission. I'm sorry if I missed this, but any sort of follow-up with respect to discussions with Utility regulators in terms of their -- by that I mean sort of the local state regulatory folks, how they're looking at this and how they -- did their discussions there, how they're responding?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well yes, I'd mentioned that we planned on at least 2 rounds with our regulators before we make our filing to make sure that we're addressing all the issues that are on their mind. We've had the first round. Rob and I are doing this personally. The second-round starts next week. But the main issues, as you are aware, we haven't really heard any immediate reaction from our regulators publicly. They've reserved judgment until they see the filing. Obviously they've heard over the last 2 years from a number of parties that in technical conferences that they believe independence is paramount to our system particularly given the magnitude of the merchant generators. They've heard that over and over and over again. So I think the details of how we would plan on proceeding with this, what impact it may have on customer rates, what impact it has on their own authority and ability to influence the construction plan, things of that nature, they're going to want straight answers to those questions. And we think we've got good answers for those questions. We wouldn't have done the deal. But we'll, like I told Steve, I think the Steve Fleishman earlier, I'll reserve judgment on that until this next round, and see if that after they've thought about it, new issues arise. I don't expect new issues to arise. But again, the good news is that they have not come out with a premature opinion of the transaction. They're waiting to see exactly what we filed and that's what the regulators should do.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, so it's pretty much sort of what you're kind of -- within the range of what you had expected in terms of reaction, is that a good way to characterize it?
Leo P. Denault: I think it's -- I think, yes, yes, I think it's in, like I said, it's in the range of what good regulators should do and all the times across the country, you've seen regulators react before the filings and we haven't seen that with our regulators and we appreciate that.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to make sure I was clear on the -- your comments relative to the earnings guidance range, guys. So does the -- you said you would expect to be at the lower end of guidance. Does that include the assumption that you've completed the sort of amount of the buyback that's already been completed, but exclude any future buyback or does it exclude that totally?
Leo P. Denault: Well, the guidance range that we provided, Greg, excluded any repurchases similar to the guidance range that we gave last year. So within that same set of assumptions, which includes no buybacks, we would point towards the bottom of the range.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, but you've already executed a small portion of it?
Leo P. Denault: We executed some buyback last year.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and should we presume that given how soft the commodity environment is, and that sort of -- obviously, the impact that would have on cash flow that you would be less anxious to complete the buyback in the next 12 to 18 months? Or is your decision on when to complete the shareholder value return program, sort of independent of what's going on in that space?
Leo P. Denault: The commodity prices are a factor as they relate to free cash flow. And so that's a factor that's considered. There's -- I wouldn't want to imply that we are preprogrammed to take an action on that regardless of what's going on there. So to the extent, obviously, the cash flow's better, that gives us more flexibility to the extent that it's a little bit tighter because of where the commodity prices are and then that's going to give us pause. Because it impacts not only our cash flow and our liquidity, but certainly we've always got to keep an eye on credit metrics and all of that. So it's certainly a major factor in the buyback, particularly given the fact that the buyback is really geared towards distribution of capital that comes out of the commodity-based businesses at EWC.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Waters for closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Lynn, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next 7 days by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 6779942. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leo P. Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gary J. Taylor - President of Utility Operations Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne?
J. Wayne Leonard: Okay. Thanks, Paula. Good morning, everybody. We know many of you are preparing for the EEI Conference next week. Many other companies in our sector are reporting this week also. With that in mind, our comments will be brief, at least relatively brief for us, and limited to quarterly results and recent events. We will discuss strategic issues with you at EEI. Starting at the Utility, on October 28, the Arkansas Public Service Commission issued an order in its Show Cause proceeding on post-system agreement transition issues for Entergy Arkansas. In its order, the APSC decided that it is prudent for Entergy Arkansas to join a Regional Transmission Organization. However, the commission did not make a determination on the question of which RTO is in the best interest of Entergy Arkansas and its ratepayers. The Midwest Independent System Operator option or the Southwest Power Pool RTO option. A decision on which RTO to join was not the original subject of this docket, which was opened in February 2010, and as such, the APSC deferred any determination on Entergy Arkansas' proposal to join MISO until the company files an application to transfer operational control of its transmission facilities to MISO. The APSC order provides helpful guidance on the upcoming changes [indiscernible] Filing that Entergy Arkansas will make in the next 30 days.  Similar changes of control filings will be made in the other retail regulatory jurisdictions by year end, starting with yesterday's filing with the Louisiana Public Service Commission. Upon its exit from the System Agreement, Entergy Arkansas proposed to join MISO, which would provide it, as well as the other utility operating companies, more benefits from the commitment and dispatch of a larger system than currently provided by the System Agreement. These benefits derived from joining in an RTO with substantial scale and a Day 2 market. As you know, Day 2 refers to an RTO that includes day ahead and realtime energy markets. MISO has a functioning Day 2 market today that will generate savings for the customers on Day 1, SPP does not. Even though cost benefit analysis completed to date optimistically assumes SPP will have one by December 2013, both schedule and cost are highly uncertain, particularly in light of the challenges other RTOs have experienced in transitioning to Day 2 markets. Even assuming an operational Day 2 market in SPP, MISO is expected to provide 25% greater benefits than SPP. The System Agreement was the subject of another ruling late last month by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission related to its 2005 bandwidth decision. FERC's 2005 decision established a requirement that each utility-operating company's production cost be roughly equal within plus or minus 11% of system average production cost, and set 2007 as the first year for payments based upon production costs for calendar year 2006. In its latest order, the FERC rejected our arguments to require refunds for a 20-month period spanning September 2001 through May 2003. However, the FERC concluded the bandwidth remedy should have been implemented sooner by calculating bandwidth remedy payments and receipts for the 7th month period starting June 1, 2005, the date of FERC's initial order rather than January 1, 2006. We're currently reviewing the order and are in the process of calculating the amount of payments required between utility-operating companies. As is the case with bandwidth remedy receipts, these payment receipts will be calculated based upon the detailed formula prescribed by the FERC staff. It is likely the effect of moving up the implementation date to the bandwidth remedy will result in additional payments from Entergy Arkansas. But as a reminder, Entergy Arkansas has an existing rider approved by the APSC that provides full recovery of costs resulting from the FERC 2005 orders and any subsequent modifications of these orders. Immediately after the FERC order on rehearing in late 2005, Entergy Arkansas gave the required 96 months notice of its withdrawal from the System Agreement. That exit is now 26 months away, and Entergy Arkansas is actively preparing for this exit. In another development relating to the proposed move to MISO, a FERC ruling in late September provided important procedural guidance regarding the path forward for obtaining certainty on key issues affecting the operating companies' participation in MISO. At issue was a transitional waiver requested by MISO regarding proposed transmission cost allocation provisions associated with Entergy's integration into MISO. The FERC concluded that the waiver request was not the appropriate vehicle for obtaining FERC approval for the proposed provisions. Instead, these type of provisions should be sought through specific tariff changes and accompanied by additional detail. MISO recently made public the proposed tariff changes and is currently working through its stakeholder process to finalize and file the appropriate changes. This approach will provide greater clarity for Entergy's retail regulators and customers with the cost allocation policies that will be in effect, for the operating companies' customers as they integrate into MISO. In other regulatory events at the utility, formula rate plan filings for the 2010 test year were resolved in Louisiana and New Orleans. At Entergy New Orleans, the city council approved a settlement that will result in a $13.1 million reduction in electric rates and a $1.6 million reduction in gas rates, effective the first billing cycle on October. This is the fourth straight year of rate reductions due in part to continued sales strength from the city's rebirth following Hurricane Katrina, as well as unseasonable weather in 2010. The average residential electric rate for Entergy New Orleans customers is now more than 22% below 2008 levels. Also last month, Louisiana Public Service Commission approved formula rate plan reports for Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana resolving their 2010 test year filings. The final reports reflect 2010 earnings consistent with each company's authorized bandwidth returns, resulting in no cost of service changes. However, the LPSC deferred to its November meeting, motion for a one-year extension of the formula rate plans through the 2011 test year as proposed by Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. As part of the proposed extension, each of the Louisiana companies indicated that they would file a full rate case by May of 2013, primarily to determine cost of service rate classes and the appropriate rate structure. This time, we will also allow considerations of any potential rate-making issues associated with the proposed transition to MISO. And in Texas, after completing an overall review of costs, Entergy Texas submitted a notice last week to the cities in its jurisdiction of its intent to file a rate case. The rate case is expected to be filed by year-end, and under Texas law, a final decision is due within 185 days of filing. Wrapping up at the Utility. In October, Entergy filed for review for a stay and implementation of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Cross-State Air Pollution Rule or Casper in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. In addition, Entergy filed directly with the EPA to request a delay an implementation and reconsideration of the basis for the final rule. Numerous utility, states and other parties also filed challenges for Casper, including the public service commissions in Louisiana and Mississippi and the state of Texas. We believe the rule is well-intended, but seriously flawed due to insufficient modeling capability and inaccurate inputs to that model. As a result, it incorporates some fundamental errors based upon inappropriate modeling applications that could threaten the utility-operating companies' ability to meet the needs of its customers without subjecting the companies to the risk of large fines for noncompliance.  The primary issue for Entergy is the potential inability to serve our customers and to comply physically from the shortened time length created by the final rule, especially if interstate allowance trading is also limited. Utility-operating companies are still reviewing the rule, as well as last month's proposed revisions to the rule. Specifically, items under review include, likely allowance pricing, unit operations and dispatch options and the potential inflation of pollution-control equipment that can be installed by next summer. Even with EPA's proposed revisions to the rule, the Entergy states are still disadvantaged on allowances. The revision would be a step in the right direction and is more realistic because it takes into account the necessity for some units around the country to operate due to load pocket needs and transmission constraints even if they don't run in the model that EPA use. For example, it is well-known in our service area that the areas in Amit [ph] south and west of the Atchafalaya Basin, or what we call low tab, presents substantial service complexity. They are dead-ended to the south by the Gulf of Mexico, and in the case of low tab, also to the west by Ertahad [ph]. These constraints limit the amount of power that can be imported into the area and therefore, make stable generation by existing facilities in the load area essential to maintaining reliability. The revised rule would also allow unlimited interstate allowance trading until 2014 that's increasing the liquidity of the allowance market. However, most of the states are still significantly short allowances, and methods for compliance are still under review. As it stands today, Casper is effective next year unless the courts issue a stay. An appeals court decision could take 12 to 18 months. In the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business. In Vermont, a 3-day trial was held in mid-September in our federal lawsuit to block the state from forcing the Vermont Yankee nuclear Plant to close in March of next year despite the fact that the NRC has issued a license to operate for another 20 years. A ruling by the District Court should be issued at any time now. However, this case is very likely headed to higher courts regardless of the decision. In New York, a hearing before the Administrative Law Judges of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation or the DEC began on October 17. As we've previously discussed, at issue are several matters identified in the Water Quality Certification and water discharge permit proceedings for Indian Point. Two issues will be covered in the first phase. The efficacy or performance of our wastewater screen proposal and whether the DEC staff properly denied the WQC application based upon the impact, if any, of the leakage of radiological material into the groundwater beneath Indian Point. Future hearing dates have not been set but are expected to resume in December on other issues such as: What impact, if any, Indian Point has on the stated best use of the Hudson River and any endangered species, and the availability of cooling towers as the best technology available. Final decisions by the DEC could be up to 2 years away and are appealable to a New York state court. With expiration of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's operating license in September 2013 for Indian Point 2, and December 2015 for Indian Point 3, we are still in early stages of these license renewal processes.  That said, the NRC issued a decision early September, denying intermediate requests filed in the aftermath of the Fukushima event to suspend the license renewal processes for all plants, including those for Pilgrim and Indian Point. A similar late file contention arising out Fukushima by the Massachusetts Attorney General is the last item appending before the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board in Pilgrim's license renewal preceding. There is no reason to believe that the contention filed in the Pilgrim proceeding is any different from all the other similar requests that have been denied by the NRC.  Appeals by Pilgrim Watch, a recent ASLB decision denying contentions they raised, also remain outstanding with the NRC. The NRC stated target for reviewing license renewal applications is within 22 months if there is no hearing and within 30 months if a hearing is required. That was the case in Pilgrim. Over the course of more than 69 months, the longest license renewal proceeding in history, the NRC staff has completed an in-depth review and the ASLB has resolved all admitted contentions. On the basis of these 2 facts, in August, we filed a motion that the Pilgrim license renewal is justified under the NRC immediate effectiveness rule and asked the NRC to direct its staff to immediately issue the 20-year license renewal. The NRC has not ruled on that motion yet. As it relates to timing, the NRC Chairman stated in a letter sent last year to Senator Kerry that NRC regulations permit operation beyond the expiration of the current license, yet the final determination on Pilgrim's license renewal application has not yet been made. That refers to the timely renewal doctrine.  Wrapping up recent developments in EWC, last week, we announced the acquisition of the Rhode Island State Energy Center, a 550-megawatt combined cycle gas fire power plant located in the ISO New England market. The purchase price was $346 million, approximately $593 per kilowatt, including a planned 33-megawatt upgrade scheduled for completion prior to acquisition. Consistent with our disciplined point of view-based strategy, this investment add standalone economic value. But it also starts to diversify EWC's portfolio across fuel type and dispatch merit, and provides a valuable backstop against firm sales from Pilgrim or Vermont Yankee, thereby reducing unit contingent discounts compared to levels we have experienced in the past. The economic value of a unit has less to do with the cost to build it or replace it, or even comparable units, than you might think. It has more to do with competitive positioning. How efficient is the unit compared to the general stack at that location? What are the transmission constraints or availabilities under various scenarios? Who are the likely customers and what are their product preferences? Besides outright economics, what are other barriers to entry into that area? It's a long list, but it comes down to evaluating a plant on an option basis and the investment optionality it provides to your total portfolio. Closing this target for this year, pending federal regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. In closing, I'm proud to report that Entergy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index for 2011 and 2012. This marks the 10th consecutive year Entergy has received this prestigious recognition for its leadership in sustainability. This year, key categories where Entergy ranked among the very best were occupational health and safety, corporate governance, price and risk management, floorboard measurements and, of course, climate strategy. Our approach to climate change was also recognized in September by Entergy's inclusion in the Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index for the seventh time in the last 8 years. Despite the challenges we're facing today, we continue to set new financial and operational records along with continued leadership in sustainability. For example, Unit 1 of the Arkansas Nuclear One plant just completed 530 days of continuous operation, setting a new record run for that site. And a $207 million securitization financing closed in September for recovery of costs in the canceled Little Gypsy project was at approximately 2% coupon rate. That was one of the lowest fixed-rate coupons ever achieved by Entergy or any of its subsidiaries. Also, financially, our revised 2011 earnings outlook is consistent with another record year in operational earnings per share. I believe that's something like 12 of the last 13 years that we've set a new record. And now, I'll turn the call over to Leo to review more of the specifics. Leo?
Leo P. Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover third quarter results and cash flow performance, followed by a few comments on capital deployment and our updated 2011 earnings guidance. As Wayne noted, we'll keep our comments brief and focus on the quarterly results and a few recent events. We'll see most of you next week at EEI, where we'll discuss longer-term strategic issues. Starting with our financial results. On Slide 2, third quarter 2011 earnings were higher at the Utility compared to a year ago, while results were lower at EWC and Parent & Other. Third quarter earnings included accretion from share repurchases. The lower share count is due to the effective repurchases completed in both 2011 and 2010. Operational earnings were up significantly compared to third quarter 2010. This increase is due largely to a tax settlement agreement with the IRS. The settlement covered several issues, the most significant related to the mark-to-market income tax treatment of the utility power purchase agreement. Slide 3 summarizes the effects of the settlement. The net effect to the IRS tax settlement was $382 million reduction of income tax expense. Entergy Louisiana will share a portion of the benefits with customers consistent with the intent of the original tax benefit sharing agreement. In a settlement approved last month by the Louisiana Public Service Commission, Entergy Louisiana will make annual payments of approximately $20.2 million to customers over the next 15 years. Accordingly, Entergy Louisiana recorded a $199 million regulatory charge, net of tax, and a corresponding regulatory liability to reflect this obligation. The factors driving quarter on quarter results for each of the segments are summarized on Slide 4. At the Utility, the tax settlement and corresponding regulatory charge for the sharing arrangement were the primary drivers for quarter-over-quarter earnings growth. Excluding these items, Utility net revenue was slightly lower than a year ago. Retail sales increased 2.4% compared to the third quarter last year or 2.6% on a weather-adjusted basis. However, net revenue is down in spite of benefits from weather-adjusted sales growth and regulatory actions. Lower unbilled revenues provided the offset due to milder weather in the unbilled sales period at the end of the quarter. Unbilled sales -- or the Utility sales statistics provided in Table 4 of the release reflect billed sales, while revenue also includes the effect of unbilled sales. Weather was again a significant factor for the quarter, it was essentially flat to last year on an earnings per share basis. This year was the warmest August on record, and our system saw several new records. System load for the month of August was highest in Entergy's history, breaking the previous record set in August of 2000. Three of the operating companies set new all-time peaks. Most of the retail sales growth came in the industrial sector. Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Texas and Entergy Mississippi had the strongest industrial sales growth for the quarter. The industrial sales trend was similar to what we've seen in previous quarters where expansion's continuing to drive the increase in industrial sales, partially offset by weakening in paper, pipeline and wood products segments. Year-to-date, total retail sales growth for the Utility is 2.4% on a weather-adjusted basis, higher than the assumptions used on our full-year guidance due to stronger industrial results. Regulatory actions also contributed to net revenue in the current quarter. Results reflected 2010 Entergy Texas base rate adjustment, as well as the Entergy Louisiana regulatory action associated with the Acadia acquisition earlier this year. These items were partially offset by the October 2010 rate decrease at Entergy New Orleans. Also contributing to the Utility earnings increase was lower nonfuel operation and maintenance expense. Decreased O&M is due in part to lower compensation and benefits expenses, the absence of amortization of rate case expenses for Entergy Texas in this quarter last year, and the deferral of previously expensed outage cost pursuant to the Entergy New Orleans regulatory agreement. Moving on to Entergy Wholesale Commodities, this year's third quarter results declined versus 2010, due primarily to lower net revenue and a higher effective income tax rate. Net revenue for EWC's nuclear portfolio declined as a result of lower energy and capacity pricing. For the EWC nuclear fleet, the average realized price for the third quarter of this year was approximately $56 per megawatt hour compared to $61 a year ago. Lower pricing was partially offset by higher nuclear volume. Operationally, EWC's nuclear fleet had an excellent quarter, producing a 98% capacity factor compared to 91% last year. The third quarter of 2010 included a portion of the scheduled outage at Fitzpatrick, while there were no re-fuelings in the third quarter of this year. There were also fewer unplanned outage days, 14 days in the current quarter compared to 26 days for the same period a year ago. A higher effective income tax rate also contributed to EWC's lower results. The higher rate was driven by the absence of a reversal of a tax reserve and the net effect of consolidated tax adjustments, both we recorded in the third quarter of last year. You may recall that consolidated tax adjustments affecting individual lines of business but net to 0 at the Entergy level. Partially offsetting these factors was lower nonfuel operation and maintenance expense, partly due to lower compensation and benefits expenses. Finally, third quarter Parent & Other results were lower than a year ago due primarily to higher income tax expense at Parent & Other activities. The income tax expense increase was due primarily to the absence of a reversal of the tax reserve in the third quarter of last year, which resulted from a favorable tax court decision. The absence of consolidated tax adjustments recorded last year also contributed to the income tax expense increase at Parent & Other. Moving to Slide 5, we review operating cash flow performance for the quarter. While 2011 OCF was lower than last year, the decrease was due to the absence of roughly $700 million in receipt of 2010 stored financing proceeds from Louisiana. Absent that item, OCF increased largely due to higher deferred fuel collections. Intercompany tax payments did contribute to the line of business variances but were offsetting between Utility, EWC and Parent & Other. Now turning to Slide 6, we provide some additional details in our recent agreement to acquire the Rhode Island State Energy Center or RISEC, the 583-megawatt combined cycle plant, including a planned upgrade to be completed prior to our purchase. The RISEC acquisition aligns with our market base point of view. This modern and efficient generation asset is well-positioned to benefit from expected market recovery, and it complements the existing business by allowing more contracting flexibility for our portfolio of assets in the Northeast. The agreed upon purchase price is approximately $346 million, subject to closing adjustments. The acquisition will be financed similar to other nonutility investments, and we'll utilize available corporate resources. Assuming closing by year-end, we expect the asset to produce earnings per share in the range of $0.07 in 2012 based on forward natural gas and energy prices at the end of September 2011. Just one point on our long-term financial outlook, Entergy has an outlook to deploy up to $4 billion to $5 billion through dividends and share repurchases from 2010 through 2014, absent other attractive investment opportunities. We continue to affirm that outlook. Now, turning to our share repurchase update summarized on Slide 7. During the quarter, we completed $75 million of share repurchases, buying 1.1 million shares at an average price of $66 per share. All of the repurchases were made through the existing $500 million board authorized program. Year-to-date, we have completed $150 million of share repurchases. Recall that no buybacks were assumed in 2011 guidance. Consistent with past practice, we will continue to evaluate share repurchases against other capital deployment opportunities, considering current business conditions and investment needs, as well as liquidity and financial flexibility. Slide 8 details our updated 2011 earnings guidance. The net effect to the IRS and LPSC settlements discussed earlier is significant enough by itself to move 2011 results outside our original guidance range. Therefore, we revised our 2011 as reported and operational earnings guidance, the range of $7.15 to $7.65 per share with a midpoint of $7.40. The updated range takes into account year-to-date income tax expense adjustments above the level assumed on the original guidance, including the IRS settlement agreement, net of the amount to be shared with the Entergy Louisiana customers.  In closing, as Wayne said, we plan to review our longer-term outlook at the upcoming EEI Conference next week, similar to our past practice of the last 2 years. At that time, we also plan to initiate 2012 guidance and review the details on key drivers for 2012, provide a preliminary roll forward of our 3-year capital plan for 2012 through 2014, summarize our long-term financial outlook and discuss longer-term strategies and opportunities. And now, the Entergy senior team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Trying to -- just when we go over the $1.02 of IRS benefit, you guys are showing sort of an $0.80 increase. Is that because you guys had anticipated some sort of benefit, it just was a much lower amount?
J. Wayne Leonard: That's correct, Paul. We had -- in our planning for the year-end guidance, we typically go through a tax perspective, what we believe may or may not show up during the course of the year to help set, not only the midpoint range, but the midpoint, but the guidance range. And so, we had anticipated some level of tax benefit showing up during the year, and the settlement is bigger than that. But we had about $40 million or so of tax benefits already baked into our guidance. So this is -- the $0.80 is the increment of whatever was already there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And I know you guys are going to be giving guidance and everything at EEI, and can't wait for that, but just any sense as to how we should think about taxes, the potential tax situation or effective tax rate that we should be thinking about for 2012?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, we'll bring that up when we get into the guidance at 2012. It's kind of difficult to talk about it in an isolation without talking about earnings in general.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Just the other thing I just wanted to touch base with is the growth of customers versus sales. It does look like customers are using less outside the industrial area, and I was wondering if you guys thought that was sort of a temporary thing or whether or not you thought that, that might rebound next year, or if you're seeing something you think might be more permanent, sort of the kind of stuff that we've seen on the gas side maybe?
J. Wayne Leonard: Gary?
Gary J. Taylor: Yes, this is Gary Taylor. Yes, I think what we have seen, and probably in a broader context, is pretty similar to what you've seen along the region is -- when you think about residential, they tend to really affect the price elasticity quite a bit. Their bills were up about 10% to 15% with high heat. I think we've seen an impact, that playing through. I mean, so that's one factor. Energy efficiency is playing through as well in all classes, and we factored that into our plan. And we're kind of seeing the same with commercial as well, where commercial has really followed what you've seen in the economy. So as the economy recovers, we'd expect commercial to come back. Industrial has actually been very, very strong, as Leo said, actually stronger than we would have expected. And our overall sales are a little bit above our existing plan. And if you think about how Entergy is positioned, I saw some EEI data that basically says for the Southeast, sales, weather-adjusted, were up about 1.5% this year, and we've up for about 2.5% overall. But what we should see is as price mediate a little bit, residential should come back up some and commercial is going to pretty much follow what we think the economy is going to do. We'll talk more at EEI, what we expect as far as sales next year.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, 2 questions. First, on the accretion from the transaction. When -- I mean, obviously, I think you generally financed this with cash on hand or debt. That in theory, it also replaces other uses of cash like potentially more buybacks. So when you're giving the accretion estimates, are you doing it -- how are you kind of thinking about the financing? Is it is essentially are these accretive versus the other ways you would have used this money?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, that's accretion on a whole, excluding financing. And you're right. It's fungible in terms of whether it comes out of the incremental borrowings or utilizes dollars that we otherwise would have used for the buyback. So it's not net of that in terms of what we reported.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So it's not net of any financing cost or just net of like debt, like use of the bank lines or something?
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, it's not net of any real financing cost.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And is this accretion -- I'm sorry. Is this accretion including the benefit to the company on the local nuclear plants in terms of maybe selling the power differently or not?
J. Wayne Leonard: No. It's not.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So it's not -- so it's without financing cost, but also without changing the way you're selling the nuke.
J. Wayne Leonard: Correct.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. One other question. When you look at year-to-date, the benefits, if you do -- go to your little table, the benefits of like sales and rate actions, year-to-date, I think, it's $0.15 a share versus last year from Page 9. And when you gave guidance, I think that you had expected that to be $0.45. But it seems like sales have been pretty good and I'm not aware of any surprises on rate actions, so I'm curious why that's trailing. Or is it just -- is there a big fourth quarter catch-up?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, one aspect of it is the delay in Waterford 3 that was supposed to be in rates this year, and now will be next year.
Gary J. Taylor: A delay in closing of Acadia by a month, and that was factored in as well.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Are you booking AFC on those things, so it's not really earnings impactful or it is?
J. Wayne Leonard: It's not exactly as good as putting them in rates. Acadia, there was not because it was an acquisition. But there would be fewer dollars because of the spend being delayed in Waterford. The ASLB seal [ph] Will just be on the portion that's been expended as opposed to all of it being in rates earlier this year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we'll go to Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: This is Neil Mehta here for Michael Lapides. Lots of O&M improvement in the quarter. Can you walk through again what the key levers were and if there were any unusual items embedded in that O&M?
J. Wayne Leonard: The key drivers for the O&M decrease is really lower compensation and benefits expenses, was been the biggest driver between this year and last year.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then separate question. Your debt refinancing plans at the holding company, especially related to the credit facility next year, can you provide any color related to that?
J. Wayne Leonard: You should see us probably start to take action on this credit facility here in a pretty short order. We've got till August of 2012 before that is -- before that expires. So certainly, around the first part of the year, we'll get that taken care of.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ashar Khan [ph] with Visium Asset Management [ph].
Unknown Analyst - : Just going back to the -- so can we assume that as you had mentioned in your assumptions that weather was like $0.62 positive last year, and you expected that to -- normal would've been a $0.62 variance negative, that as weather has been pretty much flat year-over-year, we have kept majority of that $0.62 this year versus losing any. Would that be a fair comment?
J. Wayne Leonard: It's a -- you're right, weather has been flat year-on-year. When we move guidance, Ashar, we didn't take into effect anything other than the incremental tax position. So we didn't incorporate anything into the move for guidance. For weather, we didn't include anything in it as it relates to reduced pricing in the Northeast. We didn't include anything in there as it relates to the Waterford 3 delay that we were just talking about. So you're correct that we've seen about $0.57 of weather, I think, this year, which is pretty close to what we saw last year. I think you asked about that actually on last quarter's call, and I think I told you not to count third quarter weather this year just like last year. And I don't know what you knew about the weather, that you would know it would come out exactly the same on an earnings per share basis. But I think we had the $0.29 last year and this year both so.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then just going back to Steve's question. As you said, you had factored in like $0.45, and normally, it seems like probably $0.20 would show up this year. Can we then assume that this $0.25 that didn't show up this year is really, as you're saying, going into next year rather than this year? Is that a fair thing to say?
J. Wayne Leonard: In terms of the rate actions and load growth?
Unknown Analyst - : Right. You had mentioned $0.45 for sales growth and rate actions, so as you're saying, year-to-date, we might end up around $0.20 versus the $0.45. So can we take the remaining $0.25, as you mentioned, some of the factors got delayed, can we assume that these are then reflected next year?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, next year, you will see the full year impact of Acadia and when the assets that didn't get in rates this year are getting rates next year, you'll see that step up from there, yes. That will be included in what we come out with in guidance for 2012.
Gary J. Taylor: Yes. And the other thing, the Waterford 3 steam generator project's not scheduled to be completed to the end of 2012, so you wouldn't see the impact of it until basically 2013.
Unknown Analyst - : Understood. But you know, the amount that we lost, like $0.20 this year or so, they've been really delayed to '12, right? That's what's happened. It's not that they've gone to '13. Or has some moved to '13 as well?
J. Wayne Leonard: The Waterford 3 will be toward the end of the year next year. So you won't get a full year of it. You won't get much in next year as we would have had this year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we'll go to Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: On the weather question. So I guess since the great weather you've had this year is not included in your revised earnings guidance, I guess how should we think about that as you finish the year? Is it just once you print your fourth quarter numbers, does it all of a sudden show up? Or I'm kind of just confused on how to think about that.
J. Wayne Leonard: There will be a variety of things, I guess, that will kind of get into the end of year number, again, though we haven't made adjustments for weather or lower capacity and energy pricing in the Northeast, the Waterford 3 delay, et cetera. So I guess, one way to think about it is that the low end of the range is probably not something that we'll be, would be looking at by the end of the year.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And I'm sorry if you answered this earlier, but O&M, this year, I forget what the earnings impact was when you originally guided in last EEI, but how does that track versus your original guidance? And would you consider maybe spending some O&M here to sort of offset the good weather you've had, bringing it forward, I guess?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, certainly when you've had the kind of weather we've had, you'll have a situation where the plants are running more, the system is stressed more, and so there'll be O&M associated with that in both the generation and TD basis. So some of that might just be incremental, some of it certainly would be having to do maintenance on facilities sooner than we otherwise would have thought we had to because we're running the system harder because of the weather. And then, actually, it's 2 years in a row. So that's certainly a possibility that you see O&M pick up to match the kind of operational characteristics of the system in this kind of weather.
Operator: And that will conclude our question-and-answer session today. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Paula Waters.
Paula Waters: Thank you, Caroline. And thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for safe harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next 7 days by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 4650540. This concludes our call. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Taylor - President of Utility Operations J. Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Michael Kansler -  Roderick West - Chief Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President and Chairman of Entergy New Orleans Inc Charles Rice - Chief Executive Officer of Entergy New Orleans and President of Entergy New Orleans Leo Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Paula Waters: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. [Operator Instructions] After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne?
J. Leonard: Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report another quarter of solid financial performance, which Leo will review with you in a moment. Quarterly operational earnings per share topped the second quarter records set just 1 year ago, despite the effect of the depressed power pricing on the wholesale business, the power price contracts roll off. We continue to pursue a full agenda of strategic initiatives that will take some time to fully play out. In the meantime, the commodity markets, which are showing some signs of long-term recovery, will continue to be a drag on earnings for at least the next couple of years. I'll begin today by providing an update on the progress that we've made on some of those key initiatives. Starting at the utility. Our utility companies have worked hard for a long time to secure regulatory structures and mechanisms that allow a real opportunity to earn returns commensurate with investment alternatives at comparable risk. You will see that these efforts are coming to fruition, as you review the financial results. For example, since the end of 2001, average residential rates have increased a little over 0.5% per year over the near 10-year period or almost flat for 10 years, while utility operational earnings per share at the midpoint of the 2011 guidance is nearly double the operational results 10 years ago. At the same time, our operational and our safety performance and our environmental record continues to set new company standards.  Our voluntary CO2 emissions reductions put us over 20% below the year 2000 level. Formula rate plan filing for 2010 reflects earnings consistent with each company's bandwidth ranges in Louisiana and Mississippi, and we are above the range in New Orleans. Unseasonable weather in 2010, both a warm summer and a cold winter, contributed to these results, with industry Gulf States Louisiana -- Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans, near the top end or above the range. In total, the New Orleans 2010 FRP filing reflected a $7.6 million decrease in electric and gas rates. Also included in the Entergy New Orleans May filing was the request to increase storm funding by about $20 million to replace the cash storm reserve after expenditures for hurricanes Gustav and Ike, allowing the cash storm reserve to reach the approved $75 million level on schedule by 2017. The electric and gas rate changes are expected to be effective in October. Turning to Texas. Legislation was enacted in May, allowing for a special rider to periodically adjust rates for changes in distribution estimate. The Public Utility Commission of Texas is now in the process of repairing the rule-making and rate filing package to be completed by late September. Entergy Texas also continues efforts to achieve a purchased power capacity rider after the PUCT reopened a rule-making earlier this year. The introduction of a distribution rider and a purchased power capacity rider, coupled with the transmission rider, already authorized, would provide industry Texas' additional tools similar to those in place in other jurisdictions that efficiently and effectively promote the public interest and align shareholder and customer economic interests. If final rules are adopted, ETI has the opportunity to file for 1 or more of the 3 riders in 2012, depending on circumstances related to a more complete review of overall cost. The utility also continued to execute its capital investment commitments related to last year's resource selections in the summer 2009 long-term request for proposal. In June, Entergy Louisiana filed a request seeking Louisiana Public Service Commission approval to construct the 550-megawatt Ninemile 6 combined-cycle plant. The total project cost is estimated at $721 million, excluding interconnection and transmission upgrades. Under the current proposed structure, Entergy Louisiana would own the plant, retain 55% of the energy and capacity, and sell the balance under a life-of-the-unit power purchase agreement to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans. The June LPSC filing also requested approval for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to enter into the PPA for its 25% share of the output of Ninemile 6. Entergy New Orleans also filed with the City Council seeking authorization to purchase 20% under its life-of-unit PPA with Entergy Louisiana. LPSC approval was requested by January 2012 in order to issue full notice to proceed and maintain the construction scheduled for a targeted commercial operations date by the summer of 2015. Regulatory filings were also submitted, seeking acquisition approval and rider recovery upon transaction closing, for the 620 megawatt Hot Spring power plant in Arkansas and a 450-megawatt Hinds power plant in Mississippi. Closing on both acquisitions is targeted for mid-2012, subject to receive federal and state approvals and other closing conditions. In transmission, on May 12, utility operating companies each filed reports detailing the rationale for joining the Midwest ISO. Total net production cost savings range from $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion compared to $0.8 billion to $1.1 billion by joining the Southwest Power Pool over the 10-year period from 2013 to 2022, compared to the status quo. Production cost savings are projected to be realized for customers in all operating companies. The reports emphasized the known benefits to our customers that a mature, functioning, large Day 2 market.  Then on July 1, FERC issued an order on the joint operating agreement between SPP and MISO, that confirmed additional power flow between MISO and Entergy would be available over and above the 1,000-megawatt interconnection assumed in the cost benefit analysis. That's the amortized [ph] that you often hear about. At issue was whether the joint operating agreement, allowed sharing of available transmission capacity often called loop flows, between MISO, SPP and Entergy Arkansas in the event Entergy Arkansas joins MISO. FERC found, consistent with past FERC policy, that if Entergy Arkansas joins MISO, the joint operating agreement will allow market flows between MISO and the Entergy system across the interconnected SPP member facilities or the shared flow gate. While additional details may be resolved between MISO and SPP on compensation matters, FERC's decision on the JOA and the ability to utilize surrounding transmission lines above the 1000-megawatt interconnection previously assumed for purposes of a conservative analysis, will only serve to increase the potential benefit for joining MISO. Beyond the clear economic benefits of MISO, other factors favored MISO over the alternatives. It's mature operating Day 2 market, larger geography, load and generation resources, scale and diversity, and transition cost allocation policies that are better aligned with our principles on cost causation. For years, we have advocated the efficiency of the cost causation principle, despite -- what we'd often call participant funding, despite pressures to move to a more cost allocation based tariff or what others call rolled-in rates. Speaking about FERC order 1000, after its July 1 issuance, FERC Chairman Wellinghof stated that a fundamental principle of the new rule is that if there are no benefits, there will be no cost allocated. FERC's policy, deploying cost allocation to be roughly commensurate with the benefits is more aligned with the efficiency and equity of cost causation principles and should provide the protection for our customers similar to those that we have long fought for. However, the effectiveness of the new rule will depend on how it is implemented in the various regions. Since the May 12 filings, utilities have continued to participate in technical conferences and meetings, and have provided additional details on the analysis as requested by regulators. The Arkansas Public Service Commission has a hearing scheduled for September, and the docket addressing the system agreement and MISO. Joining MISO marks a significant transformation of the Entergy system, providing greater independence, transparencies and efficiencies, addressing the exit of Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi from the system agreement, as well as providing substantial benefits to our customers, contributing to the ability to maintain affordable rates for Entergy's utility customers. Utility continues to target a system wide cut over to MISO by December 2013. Moving on to Entergy wholesale commodities. Starting with Vermont Yankee. Last Monday, we announced that Entergy's Board of Directors voted to proceed with the October refueling outage. This decision followed the board's careful deliberation on the merits of the case we filed and the arguments put forth by all parties at the preliminary injunction hearing conducted in June. The court has put this case on an accelerated schedule for a mid-September trial on the merits of the case. Given that we are in litigation, that's about all we can say about that for the time being. However, even with this expedited trial schedule, this litigation could well continue for an extended period of time, given the potential for appeals to the Second Circuit and a writ to the U.S. Supreme Court, as many have speculated where this will all ultimately end. Turning to matters in New York. Progress continues on the regulatory front related to license renewal. The Atomic Safety and Licensing Board issued rulings in July, continuing its work to determine the issues that will be the subject of hearings and the NRC staff determined that a supplement to the safety evaluation report is wanted to document their updated safety reviews. As a result, hearings at the ASLB likely will not occur earlier than mid-2012, with further delays possible, given the complexity of the issues and the number of parties involved.  In June, we filed notice with the NRC that the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation had not issued a final decision on our water quality certificate application within the 1-year timeframe required by law. The significance of this is simply that if the NRC agrees that a waiver has occurred, then a new water quality certification is not a requirement for the NRC's issuance at Indian Point's renewed license, but it does not change the need to comply with the New York State water quality standards, which are already subject to proceeding on the State Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit or SPDES, where the cooling tower versus sludge water screen issues are being addressed. Although the SPDES process protects water quality, it is not linked to the NRC license renewal process like the water quality certificate process did. The ALJ's plan to move forward with the joint preceding for both the water quality certificate and SPDES, pending the waiver by the NRC, hearing some several issues are now expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2011. Written testimony on the first round of issues was filed July 22, so that process is underway. Final decisions by the EEC on these trial matters representing a subset of issues in the SPDES proceedings are estimated up to be 2 years away and it could go beyond that. Like the likely extended timeframe to resolve issues on the Indian Point's license renewal effort, yesterday, we signed a contract extension with Con Ed for a 500 megawatts of capacity in Entergy out of Indian Point units 2 and 3. The terms of the PPA prevent us from sharing all the details. However, we can tell you, date of the contract is in the contingent, and contingent on license renewal for a 5-year term extending through 2017 and contains market-based pricing mechanisms within a predetermined range, committing low-cost energy to Westchester in New York City while allowing Entergy to meet its goals of hedging energy volumes in periods after license, current license expirations. The vital role of Indian Point in the region was clear in a draft report prepared by the Charles Rivers Associates for the New York City Department of Environmental Protection. Key findings of scenarios without the Indian Point included: Higher wholesale electric cost to consumers beginning at $1.5 billion each year and after consideration of subsidies for uneconomic replacements and likely higher -- lower carbon levels, higher costs quickly rise to over $2 billion per year. The loss of 1,100 direct jobs and associated ancillary jobs supporting the plant, substantial grid reliability issues and increased air pollution estimated at 15%, more carbon emissions and 7% to 8% more NOx.  Underscoring these results was released by the EPA in early July of its final rule on cost state air pollution. While we cannot say that we completely understand how EPA did its modeling and believe me, we've tried, or that we agree with the results, or the challenges are not likely by a number of parties, this rule is now final. However, based upon where we stand today in our reading of the rule, New York will need to reduce its summer season NOx emissions by at least 44%, assuming purchase of emission offsets in other states, and by 54% without those offset purchases. This summer, ozone fees [ph] in 2010, Indian Point provided over 7 million-megawatt hours of NOx-free generation. New York will also have to reduce its annual NOx and SO2 emissions. Any emissions in excess of allowed amounts in the state could expose the generators to maximum penalties of $37,500 per ton, per day. And I would emphasize that's per ton per day, and that's a big number. And the end [ph] requirements to submit extra penalty emission allowances under the Clean Air Act. We expect the generators will reflect the cost of NOx and SO2 emissions in their bids and also, market prices will increase as a result. Now, summing it up for New York. I know the Indian Point license renewal is of significant interest to everybody. It is certainly to us. We believe the arguments for license renewal are very strong, and are supported by the facts, as evidenced by the water quality certificate filing at the New York State EEC and NRC filing for license renewal. The NRC process also requires that Indian Point obtains a consistency determination in the New York Department of State under the Federal Coastal Zone Management Act. Indian Point will file this application in due course, and we believe the factual case supports, obtaining the CZM consistency determination, especially since Indian Point is an existing facility, not a new one, and since the plant is not seeking permission to change its operations in the coastal zone.  Now perhaps because of the significance of Indian Point or maybe because of the proximity of the plant to many of you that conduct business that reside in New York, there have already been considerable rumors, speculations and questions that we typically refer to as kind of inside baseball stuff. There is an unusual amount of digging on questions that typically don't come up until they're much further into the regulatory process when a public record is starting to emerge. Specifically, speculations on the probability of some sort of settlement of the issues that would provide needed direction to both Entergy in operating the plant and the state for long-term energy planning. We agree that it would make a lot of sense for everyone, given the importance of Indian Point to the energy environmental needs of New York and the surrounding areas. As a point-of-view company, we always had a position on the various issues individually or in total and an economic valuation of what makes sense for our stakeholders at any point in time. Protracted litigation is always an option, but due to the inherent uncertainty and the cost, the certainty equivalent between a settlement and protracted litigation produce different results in our analysis, utilizing sophisticated decision risk analysis and statistical techniques and the best judgments of experts in each area. In other words, some sort of commercial agreement among all the parties is always the preferred option.  On the other hand, when the parties cannot find common ground, then we are always prepared to not only rely on the regulatory review process to make our case but exhaust court appeals as necessary to secure a fair or reasonable outcome. In Vermont, we went down various paths to achieve a fair and reasonable outcome, but the nonnegotiable demand from the state to shut down the plant in March 2012 despite the NRC license renewal until 2032 gave us no choice but to seek relief in Federal Court. In New York, it is well known, and we disclosed the fact that it's been our process that we offered a number of options to the state in order to meet their objectives and still achieve our business objectives including a more efficient structure to own the non-utility nuclear assets. In the end, the states' demands on Entergy would have been a step backward in terms of our economic efficiency goals compared to the structure we already have in place. We relied on the regulatory process, and as you know, we did not succeed. And we chose not to appeal to the courts in that instance. In other words, our record supports the fact we practice what we preach. We are a dynamic, emphasis on dynamic, point-of-view company and essentially everything has a price, that is everything except our ethics in plating gray areas of the wall like disclosure issues. Having said that, it is neither appropriate nor advisable to discuss any issue related to any dialogue or any what if that is not part of the public record in the various regulatory processes. We will not answer questions on things like whether we have talked to a certain party, the positions of the company on various issues or whether they are negotiable or speculate on other positions or disclose those positions we think we [ph] might become aware of them. Or any other question that could fuel speculation or create mistrust or otherwise interfere with the regulatory process.  Like I said, there have already been a lot of questions or observations, that start to feel like almost reverse psychology in order to solicit responses in areas where we have had a long-held policy of not speculating on. I know there will be a lot more misinformation or rumors with the renewal process duration, but to selectively respond to anyone in particular, despite how much we might want to, given the nature of the rumor is a slippery slope that we are determined to stay off. So you're going to get a lot of no-comments on questions in that area.  Our no-comment will not stop others from speculating, but it will not fuel those rumors. I just ask that you trust that we always have your best interest clearly in focus, and we have an open mind on how to best protect and promote that. You all love certainly, who doesn't, with the exception of maybe some option traders out there. But unfortunately, we cannot provide that to you today. But we are very early in the process, and to see things typically unfold sometime seems is better. At Pilgrim, we're pleased to report the completion of 2 open items requiring resolution report of the renewal process and renewed license can be issued. First, in June 30. The NRC staff issued the supplement and safety evaluation report completing the additional safety review of the license renewal application. Then 2 weeks ago, the ASLB issued the decision rejecting on re-amp [ph] from the NRC last year, the only admitted contingent remaining before them. An appeal of this rejection by the ASLB is possible, and other late-file contingents remain outstanding. However, the NRC regulations allow for the issuance of Pilgrim's 20-year license renewal, while any appeals for late file contingents are pending. Before closing, I would remind you of the utility's extraordinary effort to respond to winter storms, tornadoes and floods affecting all aspects of operations this year. Efforts include protecting generating units along the Mississippi River from potential flooding, post-monitoring of transmission facilities to keep targeted lines in operation and restoring approximately 216,000 customer outages from multiple storms, primarily in Arkansas and Mississippi. Not only are our employees the best at responding to these challenges, but they did so more safely than ever, with the fewest number of recordable accidents over any 6-month period in the company's entire history. The utility is well prepared and battle tested as we face the peak of the hurricane season ahead. Lastly, in nuclear operations, in May, the Nuclear Energy Institute announced the top -- 2 of the top industry practice awards recognized in safety innovations for 2 of Entergy's nuclear plants. Scrutiny of the safety of the nuclear industry has never been greater and our employees throughout the company continue to show they are committed and up to the task. And now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover quarterly financial results and cash performance, an update of our share repurchase program, our 2011 earnings guidance, and then I'll share a few closing thoughts on our long-term financial outlook.  Starting with our financial results on Slide 2. Second quarter 2011 earnings were higher than 1year ago at both the Utility and Parent & Other, while they were lower at EWC. Second quarter earnings included accretion from share repurchases, the lower share count is due to the effect of repurchases completed in both 2010 and 2011, including initiation of repurchases against the $500 million program during the quarter. Higher utility results were driven by sales growth across all customer classes, including the effect of warmer-than-normal weather. Overall, retail sales growth on a weather-adjusted basis was also higher than last year, driven by continued strength in the industrial sector. Parent & Other results were higher on the reversal of the tax reserve and at EWC lower power pricing continue to affect results. Turning now to the details driving quarter-over-quarter results. At the utility, Slide 3 shows higher net revenue as 1 factor driving the quarterly earnings increase. Overall, retail sales grew by 2.9% and for the second year in a row, weather was a significant factor. In Entergy service territory, cooling degree days were 38% above normal for the second quarter. The region's temperatures ranked second hottest in the 117 years of available data for the second quarter. Texas and Louisiana temperatures were especially warm, ranking first and second, respectively. And June was particularly warm across the service territory with stations averaging at least 4 degrees Fahrenheit above the monthly norm. Residential sales grew 3.7%, but decreased slightly on a weather-adjusted basis. While the number of residential customers increased to 0.7%, the usage per customer on a weather-adjusted basis declined. The trend of increasing industrial sales continued with 2.8% growth this quarter. Industrial expansions in Texas and Louisiana contribute to about 40% of the total industrial increase, Texas, issuing the strongest growth of all jurisdictions, especially in the industrial sector. Recent reports from the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank noted a positive outlook for refiners and petrochemical companies along the Gulf Coast. Also on a positive note, consumer confidence in the West South Central region, which includes Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas, ranked first in overall confidence among the 9 regions in the United States. These bright spots were partially offset by weakening in small industrials, as well as paper and wood products segments. These trends have affected Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi, which saw a decrease in industrial sales compared to strong results in 2010. Regulatory actions in 2010 also contributed to this quarter's net revenue increase, including rate adjustments in Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas, partially offset by a formula rate plan decrease at Entergy New Orleans. Also contributing to the utilities earnings increase was lower interest expense, more than $1.3 billion of refinancings have been executed at an average coupon of 4.6%, a decline of over 100 basis points. As of June 30, the weighted average coupon rate for the utilities debt portfolio was 5.6% or 30 basis points lower than last year. Moving on to EWC. The quarter-over-quarter decrease in operational earnings was due primarily to lower net revenue and a higher effective income tax rate. Net revenue for EWC's portfolio declined as the result of lower energy and capacity pricing. For the EWC nuclear fleet, the average realized price for the second quarter of this year was $52.38 per megawatt hour or 9% lower than last year. Capacity pricing has also declined over the last several years due to low demand conditions, driven by recession, coupled with a degree of energy efficiency programs success and high levels of demand response. The collapse has been most severe over the last 12 months in New York. For example, monthly spot prices in New York's rest of state zone, ranged from $0.15 to $0.65 per kilowatt month in the second quarter this year, compared to $0.64 to $3.52 a year ago.  The August spot auction for New York rest of state came out a few days ago, at just about $0.05 per kilowatt month. A major driver that has affected New York capacity market over the last 2 months, and which will continue to affect in-city and the rest of state prices unless otherwise resolved has been the addition of roughly 550 megawatts from the story of 2, but has not been mitigated as expected.  There has been some discussion about creating a new capacity zone in New York for the Lower Hudson Valley area. Potentially by the summer of 2014, such a development could improve capacity pricing for our Indian Point units longer term. Other help in the capacity markets will likely come over several years from retirement of certain generators that currently rely heavily on capacity revenue, and were facing increased environmental compliance costs going forward. Also, these little capacity values may drive a retrenchment of load response programs or at least slow their growth. System load growth remains a wild card, but there is some possible upside compared to New York's current load forecast, which are projected to remain below 2010 levels until 2014. Operationally, the nuclear fleet produced a 91% capacity factor slightly higher than the second quarter last year. This capacity factor improvement is due to 8 fuel refueling outage days this year. Non-refueling outage days were comparable quarter-over-quarter. A higher effective income tax rate at EWC also contributed to the lower earnings.  In May, the State of Michigan enacted legislation that repealed its business tax, replacing it with a corporate income tax. The new tax law, which will be effective January 1, 2012, eliminates the future deduction, which was available for certain book and tax differences. Given that this deduction was no longer available, EWC wrote off the related deferred tax asset. Finally, Parent & Other results were higher this quarter due primarily to lower income tax expense on parent and other activities. The lower tax expense is attributed to the reversal of the tax reserve, which results from a settlement of an uncertain tax position. Our 2011 guidance assumes a 35% effective income tax rate and the tax reserve adjustment recorded this quarter is consistent with that guidance assumption. Moving now to Slide 4. Entergy's operating cash flow performance for second quarter this year reflected a decrease of approximately $140 million compared to the second quarter of 2010. This decrease, in OCF was driven mainly by 2 factors: Lower deferred fuel cost collections and the previously discussed decrease in Entergy's wholesale commodities net revenue. I'll now turn to an update on our share repurchase program as reflected on Slide 5. During the second quarter, we completed roughly $105 million of share repurchases. We purchased a total of 1.4 million shares at an average price of $68 per share. About 75% of the repurchases were made through the existing $500 million board authorized program. The balance was repurchased to offset the dilutive effects of grant exercises. At the end of last quarter, $425 million remained on the existing $500 million program. Consistent with past practice, decisions on whether to buy back stock will be based on a number of factors, including current business conditions and investment needs, our liquidity and financial flexibility to quickly respond to changing conditions or opportunities particularly since we are approaching the peak of hurricane season, and our point of view on the value of our stock.  Slide 6 details our current 2011 earnings guidance, which ranges from $6.35 to $6.85 per share on both an as-reported and operational basis. The guidance range remains unchanged from the numbers we initiated last October. As we assess our earnings performance to date, we believe we have made good progress through the first half of 2011, and earnings have benefited from favorable weather. Consequently, we are well positioned relative to our full-year guidance range. For the rest of the year, efforts will focus on continuing to produce positive financial results through strong operational performance. Consistent with our past practice, we normally will affirm or revise guidance on a quarterly basis, and will revise guidance only when we see factors that move our expectations outside of the overall range we have previously provided. In closing, I'd like to touch on 2 topics. First, I'll make a few comments about our EWC sold forward table in the release, then I'll touch on our long-term financial outlook, looking ahead to next year and beyond. On Slide 7, we've summarized information from our EWC nuclear sold forward table on Page 5 of the release. This quarter, we have included a range for the average energy contract revenue per megawatt hour, rather than a specific price point. The range takes into account contracts with the collar, like the recent extension of the power purchase agreement with Con Ed that Wayne mentioned earlier. The lower end of the range reflects contract floors and the upper end, contract ceilings. At the bottom of Table 6, the average contract revenue per megawatt hour, which includes both capacity and energy revenues, reflects the price that the contacts would settle, assuming current forward market prices. Slide 8 outlines key aspects of Entergy's long-term financial outlook. Starting with the utility, we continue to see the long-term growth outlook consistent with the 6% to 8% compound average growth rate through 2014 off the 2009 base year net income. One thing to note is the changes in utility net income can be lumpy due to several factors, including weather and sales growth, timing of capital investments and regulatory actions. All of these items do not occur evenly from year to year.  For EWC, we expect declining revenues as price trends for energy and capacity play out over the next few years in both sold and unsold volumes. As we outlined in Table 6 in the release, assuming current contracts and forward markets for EWC nuclear output, average prices decrease in 2012 and again in 2013 before recovery starts in 2014. Long-term EWC offers a valuable option on positive effects of ongoing economic growth and environmental regulation. Parent & Other can vary from year to year. Parent interest expense depends on the label of borrowing, as well as the cost of debt given the range of possible private and public financing options and the timing of their execution. An income tax expense can fluctuate with resolution of unresolved income tax issues. Our capital deployment philosophy focuses on maintaining a balanced investment and capital return program. Our capital plan includes expenditures to support continued safe and reliable operations, as well as value-added productive investments. We also plan to maintain a capital return program, which includes common stock dividends and share repurchases. Our current long-term outlook remains to return up to $4 billion to $5 billion to shareholders from 2012 through 2014. As we move into the next quarter, we recognize that many of you will continue to fine-tune your estimates for the coming year and beyond. In that regard, we have provided additional details on key business drivers in the appendix of this webcast presentation. Our overarching aspiration remains top quartile total shareholder return. Conditions in the commodity markets in the interim, uncertainties for the full agenda of strategic initiatives that Wayne reviewed earlier, have left us well short of these aspirations in recent years. Nevertheless, the management team continues to focus on delivering results that will create tangible long-term value we can return to you, the financial yardstick of our success. To that end, we will continue to focus on safety, operational excellence, risk management and disciplined capital deployment to maximize the value of our company. And now, the Entergy team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: On the water permit, if the NRC doesn't agree to the waiver and if the water permit actually is denied, what would be the next steps?
J. Leonard: I'll let Rod West take it.
Roderick West: If the water permit is denied by the State of New York, the remedy available to the company would be to appeal it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And can the plant operate, I guess, while that's going on? I mean, I guess, that's the case with Vermont Yankee. If you guys -- if the case doesn't go your way in Vermont or New York, while it's under appeal, these plants can still operate, is that right?
Roderick West: Right. And a particular note, I'll make note of the term, the timely filed doctrine that allows the plants to continue to operate assuming that the facility has sought relicensing from NRC at least 5 years prior to plant expiration. And in the case of New York, our point of view is that, that timely filed doctrine would apply that will allow the plant to continue operating, while we are resolving issues you just raised.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then just on the capacity markets in the Northeast. We've seen Astoria in Ravenswood file for emergency -- I don't know, a petition to FERC, I guess, to basically have market mitigation buyer side, market power mitigation. And we're seeing efforts in New England by generators to do the same. Do you guys see the potential for, I guess, ISO activity to potentially raise the capacity market by going after these out-of-market revenue generators?
Roderick West: Yes, Paul. I mean, we're part of many of those proceedings, both as a member of the ISOs, but also, at FERC. So I think it's going to play out over the next year or so, both within the ISOs and then also eventually at FERC. And in fact, you've seen preliminary rulings coming out of FERC on PJM on the same issue.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. So what kind of -- can you give us an idea about what you think might happen in terms of capacity pricing in the Northeast as a result of this? Any sense? I mean, I know it's kind of foggy right now, but...
Roderick West: Well, I mean, if the mitigation takes place, I mean as Leo went through the details of what's going on in the quarter, and both of those markets -- I mean, the prices are depressed. So with the market mitigation, they are anywhere from 75% to 80% of what their new built cost is, is what they have to bid into. So logically, that's going to increase those capacity prices.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. And any sense as to how much maybe? Or is that too preliminary?
Michael Kansler: I think it's too preliminary.
Operator: And we'll move next to Daniel Eggers from Crdit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG: Without trying to pin you down on your kind of questions you won't answer, are there some external data points we should be following as far as New York's concerned, maybe the monitor discussions you're having or the process outside of your kind of the more obvious New York decisions on the water permit?
J. Leonard: Well, there will be. But I think having the water quality permit, as we're saying today -- is probably about as maybe front and center as far as options or direction that we may go ahead going forward. Again, I hesitate to get into it. It's still in the process. For reasons that I just outlined, and I apologize, I can't at this point, but it just wouldn't be advisable. But I'd say on the water quality permit and in particular, the issue there that we just discussed while it's not approved, the question there that you have to keep in mind is, is it headed toward a conditional approval or rather than rejection, putting cooling towers, versus flat rejection or condition upon something else. And I'm just following those hearings versus making assumption that it's an up-or-down rejection or proceed. Other than that, I'm not sure I can help you at this point. As time passes, we'll keep you updated with those things that we feel comfortable commenting on that are part of the public record, but today there isn't much.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, that's fair. And then just on the hedging philosophy right now, there's a big step-up in your percentage of generation that was sold for 2013 with the contracting. How should we think about kind of the strategy on filling out '13 and maybe looking out at '14 to '15, what you guys would expect as far as selling more of that power output?
Leo Denault: Dan, this is Leo. We're pretty comfortable with the levels we are right now. We're going to continue to execute on the hedging strategy based on the limits we put in place and our point of view about around the market. Obviously, we have limits that are based on things like financial policy and liquidity and credit ratings and the like. And we're in pretty good shape where we stand right now for where we want to be. We've had to spend a lot of time figuring out the right way to hedge going forward. As Wayne mentioned, the idea of hedging out beyond the current licenses is one that we have to make sure that we put additional risk management structures around, and we do that first before we make any transaction decisions. But right now, we'll really be just basing it on what our point of view is, going forward in the markets, and where we think things are going to go.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG: And just to make sure, so the -- the out year numbers, the '14, '15, those hedge pieces are effective in the Midwest plants plus kind of the Indian Point contract with Con Ed, is that a fair representation of mix of what's captured so far?
Leo Denault: Yes, majority, yes.
Dan Eggers - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And just one last question, just on the Cooper plant, is there any exposure to you guys, given the flooding issues there as far as maybe additional spending or impact on payments they make to you guys running the plant?
J. Leonard: Gary?
Gary Taylor: Yes, Dan. No, there's no impact. The plant did very well during the flooding issue and we're continuing to watch, actually, the river has already crept. It is already declining, and the plant actually did very well, so we don't see any impact there.
Operator: And we'll take the next question from Ashar Khan from Visium.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Leo, if I want to go back to the slides that was in your guidance for this year, there was a $0.62 negative variance for the weather. And so based on what you provided in the release, you're up like $0.02, if I'm right, on weather year-over-year. So I'm I correct, we are running nearly like -- based on what you provided last year, for this year, we're running like $0.64 ahead as we stand on weather for 2011 versus '10 as a positive thing?
Leo Denault: Well, we haven't done third quarter yet, Ashar. So third quarter is really kind of, as you know, for us, given the location of our service territory, third quarter is a big quarter for us. Make or break us either way. We can have weather that's below normal cooling degree days or above normal cooling degree days. So yes, we're running pretty comparable to where we were last year, which is a pretty big year both in the winter and the summer, but until we get through the third quarter, I wouldn't declare weather closed in the books yet, one way or the other. And obviously, we always go back at the end of the year when we get ready to do next year's guidance, and we'll adjust acting on the weather for next year as well.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And my second question, if I can ask, what was -- can you -- what was the average purchase price for the shares that were purchased in the second quarter?
Leo Denault: About $68.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman from Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. Is there any sense of timing or schedule on the NRC ruling on your water permit filing?
J. Leonard: All right, Chuck.
Charles Rice: Steve, this is Chuck. No. There's really not -- there's not any pressure on the NRC to make a ruling on that really until they get much closer to the actual ruling on our license renewal application.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. This is the waiver issue, correct?
Charles Rice: The waiver issue for Indian Point.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Will they take comments and other stuff as part of that, so we'll know there's a process? Or will it just suddenly come out one day?
Charles Rice: I don't know the answer to that. We've made our filing. There had been responses filed with the NRC by the DEC and by the River Keeper. But what their process going forward will be, we really have not been informed.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, Wayne, I'll do my best to try and interpret what you're trying to say, but maybe I kind of read it as you were just going to hear a lot of things over this period and hearing a lot of things early on. I guess, one thing, you're trying to say, look, if in the end it makes sense for shareholders to settle on issues, just to let us know that you're going to be looking at what's the best risk return option, I guess.
J. Leonard: That's right, Steve. And you're very plugged in as you always are to a lot of these rumors. And I think what's really kind of precipitated a lot of this is, it would make a lot of sense, I mean, for both parties to come together. And it was something that will give directions and stay in direction to us. Obviously, that makes sense. In the process of posturing, sometimes things get into the press that are just not true or whatever and we can't comment on those kind of things. And then in the process of trade presses and others trying to get more information, as you've seen, there are rumors, speculations that have been leaked us back and postured or we've been positioned as not willing to consider certain things, and that's not true. I mean, as you've known over the years, we've spent -- some people in this room, have spent careers at negotiating tables. Sometimes it's turned out well and sometimes we have had deadlocked, but that is our preferred position. And in this case, it would be a preferred outcome. But it has to make commercial sense. And I guess the point that we're trying to make is just a -- not a warning, we don't need to warn you all, but just -- there will be a lot of things out there that just aren't true. And we would like to respond to them, but that will only get -- Like I said, create distrust among a lot of parties, and we don't have the best record in New York, already coming out of an excess [ph] spin in terms of trust, and things of that nature. And we're trying to rebuild that and commenting on these rumors, they always -- the words get turned around and things and we're going to stay away from that. But we are -- like you kind of described, we do continue to develop scenarios that would be in the best interest versus protracted litigation and we're open to ideas in any of these processes. Then hopefully, it won't have to go the whole nine innings here.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. One last quick thing, I guess, for Leo. Just on the data on the hedges with the collars. You might have said this and I missed it, but a current forward or something like that, would you be at the low end of the collar on these? Or...
Leo Denault: They'd be probably in the middle end of them at the moment.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So probably the best thing is to assume middle and then if things get a lot better it's higher and if things get worse, it's lower.
Leo Denault: Correct. But if you look in the table, where we get down to the bottom of that table, where we put in the percent sold on the total revenue basis, it's got capacity and energy in it. The energy portion of that is at what we would settle at today if it was the forward curve. In that bottom section of the table, where we present percent sold on a revenue basis, that includes all of the revenue, including capacity. That estimate is a single point and that single point is used in today's forward curve to settle point.
Operator: And we'll move next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Firstly, to follow up on the questions on the nuclear side. The ASLB had previously issued a release suggesting it anticipated resolving the Pilgrim renewal by the end of July 2011. Is there any new comparable date we should be looking out for? Is there any kind of defined or prescribed timeline at this point in the process?
J. Leonard: Rod?
Roderick West: Currently, end of year 2011.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Great. And then secondly, could you comment briefly on your efforts to renew the FRPs in Louisiana, changes that you suggested that could be a potential new rate case filing in the state?
J. Leonard: Okay, Gary?
Gary Taylor: Yes, we made our last filing for this 3-year term with the FRP in May and those rates going into effect in September. And so at this point, we will continue to work with the staff. We intend to work to continue those FRPs and renew those for another term. They've been very efficient, they work well for our customers and for owners.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: So you would anticipate resolving the FRP renewal by September or in the next couple of months?
Gary Taylor: Really, they're 2 different issues. If you look at the filing that rates went in will go into effect in September. So we will need to obviously have that approved by the LPSC and our intent to resolve the FRP as far as renewals hopefully by the time we would re-file in May of next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Great. And then thirdly, can you just quickly discuss the potential for a Texas rate case in light of the latest legislation, et cetera?
Gary Taylor: Yes, if you look at Texas and in all of our jurisdictions, I mean, one of the fundamentals in our plan is that each of our businesses earn their authorized return. The average in Texas, as Wayne talked about, it's come to fruition, especially the capacity rider will help us do a lot of that. The capacity rider may require us to require to file a base rate case just to set the baseline. We've already done that for transmission and we proactively already did that for distribution in our last rate case. Although we look significantly at, where that is, that's the biggest pressure on it, and depending on where they are with relation to ROEs and whether we get these riders done, will require whether or not we file a rate case, which we can do each year in Texas.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You've talked at length about cross-states rule and the impact on the non-regulated side. Just curious, how are you thinking about what it means for the regulated side of the business in terms of potential rate base growth opportunities in terms of your Arkansas coal plant that may need scrubbing, et cetera?
J. Leonard: Okay. This is a complicated question. I'm going to start with -- let Rod talk about kind of how it affects spend side, and I'll let Gary, follow up specifically on how we're thinking about how it affects the business plan.
Roderick West: Good. The first part of the tag team is we're assessing the impact on the rule. Obviously, the issues for us stem around timing, where the EPA prior to what we knew was the transport rule before this funding by the EPA had -- we were assuming a 2014 effective date. We've now moved up under the rules to 2012. That certainly had an impact. And then when you combine the notion of allowances, all of those affect our perspective cost of compliance. And certainly, the fines. On the regulated did side of the fence, which Gary can talk to, obviously, there are assumptions made by the EPA regarding the retirement of plants in our regulated space quite candidly that are needed, whether it's reliability purposes, transmission of baseload, load following, ready, much-run designation. And there's a lot that we have to do to try and assess where that is, and it's a dynamic process for us. We're just not at a point right now, where we're taking a firm company point of view, because we ultimately have to determine what this means for our customers, and that's an iterative conversation with the regulators. Gary?
Gary Taylor: Well, I'll actually, cover it, Michael, probably in 2 parts. The first, is really, there's mechanisms for environmental cost recoveries, the SOx and NOx in each of our jurisdictions. In the case of EGSL and NOI, there are environmental adjustment riders that are available to cover those costs, as well as through Arkansas post service, the APSC and the NPSC, and the public utility commission, Texas, all that's recovered through fuel. The rule is new, is I think what you just heard from Rod and changed significantly from what we saw and expected in 2014. So we are in the process of actually evaluating what would have to be done to each of those plants. In each case, there are technological solutions that would require some capital investment. We've not gone far enough down the rule, this road to really say what those are. We knew what they were going to be. We didn't think they will be significant as it existed under 2014, and what was the proposed rule. We believe though, our initial look, we're looking forward to it that we would still be able to make those investments. As Rod, said those plants are reliability much run and I think we're going to be able to do that and in a cost-effective way. But I think that's going to be more evolved as we're studying it right now because it's fairly new.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to Ms. Paula Waters for any additional or closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G combined statements. Our call is recorded and can be accessed for the next 7 days by dialing (719) 457-0820, replay code 8424061. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-30 12:15:00) =====
Executives: John Herron - Chief Nuclear Officer, Senior Vice president of Nuclear Operations, Chairman of System Energy Resources Inc, Chief Executive Officer of Nuclear Operations, Chief Executive Officer of System Energy Resources Inc, President of Nuclear Operations and President of System Energy Resources Inc J. Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Mark Savoff - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Executive Vice President of Entergy Services Inc Unknown Executive -  Leo Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations Richard Smith - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodity Business
Analysts: Unknown Analyst - 
J. Leonard: Yes. We don't have any prepared remarks. I think you've heard about enough from us from one day. So let's -- we'll open it up for questions.
Unknown Analyst - : I understand Arkansas and Mississippi will both be leaving the systems agreement. But could you talk about what happens to the systems agreement under your base case scenario where all the APCos move to MISO? What happens to the rest of the other companies? Does this agreements still exist, or would that be discontinued?
J. Leonard: That's a really good question. As I was saying is, there's an eight-year termination to leave the systems agreement, of which Entergy Arkansas from leaves as of 2013 and Entergy Mississippi leaves 2015. None of the others have given a notice. So they would all go to MISO to retrieve a new transmission services under it, but then we would actually have to map that back through the other four remaining APCos, new Orleans, entering into Louisiana, entering off bases from Texas, would still actually be, from a resource point of view, to be managed under the system agreement. Though there is some questions that are in Texas, where our commissioner Anderson is asking that same question, and does it make sense going forward. And I think that's a good question to ask, but they would actually be operating as four in the system agreement.
Unknown Analyst - : In the Wholesale business, I'm curious about how you look at hedging in those 13 to 15 time frame. You talked about maybe having to have a discount in the prices that you would sign because of the uncertainty around the generation. And I kind of wonder, because you're in a binary situation, if that generation doesn't occur, you don't incur any negative effect from not hedging at the right price. So I wonder why would you go through all those machinations to try to put some calls and callers and such, why don't you just wait until there's more certainty in the prices there?
Richard Smith: And I mean, we have done that with, like, Vermont. I mean, it's too uncertain. With Pilgrim and BY, we can kind of match up how much we hedge against another unit. So any point's a good example of that. You can hedge one unit, which I think it's 3 that the license expires in '13, and 2 doesn't expire until '15. So we have a natural backup on generation. And then we're looking at some other products as around Pilgrim, and we feel pretty confident it will be relicensed. So we're not hedging up the whole output as a plan, but we're looking at -- we're utilizing some of these new products. And it isn't just that if it's not there, we've created it for where we would have to go back out in the market to cover that, it's also to take advantage of what we're seeing in this some upside here. So any point, we got a natural backup between the two dates of any endpoints relicensing. And in Pilgrim, we're just layering in a little bit there.
Unknown Analyst - : Two questions. One on the nonregulated site, one at the regulated side. New England and the FCM ruling that came out a couple of weeks or so ago, I'm not sure I understand why the base load generators would want the Florida price to continue. I would -- given the oversupply or the surplus, I would think almost that the best thing -- that the base load generators would want would be the floor to go away and to drive out some of the guys further up the stack, drive them quicker into retirement. Why is the floor a good thing?
Richard Smith: You're talking about the -- that really applies, Michael, to the out-of-market entries. And when they come in, they'll tend to collapse because they can bid in at 0, so they'll collapse that forward capacity market. So that's why we think it is important that, that generation has to come in at some floor price. And generally, the conversations are around 75% of what their new build cost is.
Unknown Analyst - : But I thought what's happening in this option is that not only are you getting new potential out of market assets having to bid in at some percent, high percent of cone, but that there's actually going to maintain the overall price floor. I mean, last time it was, what, 295 a kilowatt month or so before proration, that they're going to actually keep that in place. I also think you'd be better off letting it go to a RPO-like price, and that would hurry up the retirement of some of the noneconomic units.
Richard Smith: There's a lot of generation out there. I'm not sure I agree with the premise that it would drive out the -- an economic unit that quickly, because a lot of them are pretty old. So it's -- I mean, they're getting anything out of -- above their energy costs they're doing pretty good. So they'd probably hang on.
Unknown Analyst - : You talked about how joining MISO will generate $1 billion of cost savings for customers. First, can you kind of tell us how that plays out over time? Over what time frame does that get realized, potentially? And then secondly, can you kind of give us an idea as to what the difference is between joining MISO and that $1 billion cost benefit as opposed to joining SPP?
J. Leonard: Yes, I think we're going to hold on that one. We owe all the regulators a filing by May 12, but we would put it in to the detail filing we have to make. And we have to share that information with regulators. I'll break down by jurisdictions or I'll breakdown by year or whatever. And we don't want to get costly with them right now. So I'm planning on that, and put it in to decide this, to these, all the detail of this that they'd possibly want, which is what they want.
Unknown Analyst - : Rick, you've chosen nonfuel O&M at the nuclear plant going down compared to last year, and I would like some detail around that. And then also looking forward, post Japan, do you see sort of another layer of incremental cost being put across all nuclear plants in terms of, I don't know, AC, spent fuel, evacuation, whatever, as you did post 9/11, where there was sort of a whole new level of regulatory of requirements that raised the operating cost.
Richard Smith: Correct me if I get all this wrong. On the O&M coming off '10, a large expenditure in tritium that will go away. I think if you have some -- yes, because, Patrick, we wrote off, we were looking at an upgrade at this factory for a number of years and eventually decided that the market wasn't going to support that in that region. So we wrote that cost off leaning out a little.
John Herron: There were some other compensation-type expenses and everything that were kind of in '10 that won't show up again going forward.
Richard Smith: So we feel pretty good, Leslie, about that ongoing cost. I've been working with John and his group pretty significantly over the last year, they give a good visibility on where that cost is going. So on costs that might come out of Fukushima, and I'm sure there will be some costs. There's -- I think there's some potential to resolve a few things around spent fuel and dry cast storage, that could be a positive. We spend a lot of money on that today, and it's out of our pocket. And then we have to go back to the DOE through the litigation to get reimbursed for that. So part of the things that we've talked about and are looking at is if you get to some program on spent fuel, that it would be funded out of what we're sending to DOE today, and we get no benefit for that because they're not spending it on the outcome mountain anymore or anything like that. So that's kind of early in our thinking, so I think that could be a cost at the end of the day there, but we're thinking there might be an opportunity to kind of match it up with something that we're spending today, anyway. John, do you got anything in on that?
John Herron: Yes. I can add a little more. First, the big issue here is that there's still an awful lot of analysis being done and lessons learned that we're trying to pick up from some of the details over there from Fukushima. There's two big committees that are working. One is a steering committee that's looking at five or six detailed building blocks that we need to assess as part of the lessons learned that are coming out of Fukushima. In parallel with that is, as you had heard earlier, the NRC is doing a 30-, 60-, 90-day review, and they'll certainly be looking at what, if any, regulatory changes that they see coming down. But preliminary right now with the amount of the pents and debts that we have with the directs and the management guidelines that we already have in place that our emergency operating procedures are more of a symptom-based process than an event-based process that we have a B5B, which was post 9/11 designs and modifications that we did on top of the fact that we have station blackout. We're pretty comfortable that we don't see any major modifications or designs that are going to have to come out. But it doesn't mean that we won't have some lessons learned. It doesn't mean that we will not incorporate some additional modifications or equipment that we'll purchase, kind of like what Wayne told you earlier, where if it's prudent, we'll go buy a second diesel-driven fire pump and have that. Another thing that I'm actually working with the rest of the industry on to help fray the cost across the entire industry, if there is any, is a mutual aid response center that we would staff with the equipment necessary that any plant in the United States could use. Very similar to the way we dispatched linemen today for an outage that we may have, whether it's by storms or it's tornadoes and getting some traction with the rest of the industry to try and do something like that and essentially locate them that equipment, whether it be temporary diesels or pumps and stuff. But from a big picture standpoint, the only unknown from my standpoint is just how to spend to a full issue is going to roll out and how it's going to be dealt with. And that's really, that's the government's responsibility at this point, and they've got to come to terms with it, still.
Unknown Analyst - : Could you just -- speculative at this point, but I'm curious kind of on the similar topic in the aftermath of Fukushima with perhaps more onerous operating regulations, whether or not there's an opportunity for Entergy to do another Cooper-type operating contract for kind of single-owner nuclear plants that might provide a little upside there.
John Herron: I'll answer that, Rick. We're always knocking on the doors of facilities that are out there, especially single-unit sites that are, I think, personally have a disadvantage not being a part of the big fleet and whether it's to be an acquisition or a service contract like we have with Cooper. There are two or three out there that we're looking at and talking with but nothing that we can firm up at this point. But we're certainly always looking at those opportunities.
Unknown Analyst - : Could you review your kind of whether or not classes to regulated jurisdictions and where you think, on an aggregated basis, the ROE needs to get up through to hit that 68% growth rate that you outlined by '14?
J. Leonard: So that makes the assumption that each one earning is authorized. To take our aggregate, it comes up at about 10.5%. And so if you take the midpoints of each of the different ones like the 10.125% and test this to 10.2% in Arkansas, the 10.25%, 10.65% in Louisiana, the 11.1% in New Orleans. And Mississippi is a calculation, but it's technically one fairly about the 10.6%, 10.7%. So if you take that whole aggregate and weight it, it comes up to an average weight of about 10.5%. That's what the assumption is that each of them make that piece of it to get to 6% to 8%, earn that allowed ROE. I think kind of looking at where we were last year, the weather normalized, we were about 10.4%, overall.
Unknown Analyst - : I'd like to ask on the -- just the M&A is obviously a tough topic in the industry, you've got four kinds of combinations going on. And can you just give us some sense about whether that wave was being changes with all your own thinking about the future from like a bank prospective, whether there's any kind of particular directions you feel the company should be going in, in terms of being more regulated. Less regulated seems there's a lot of people trying to execute strategic positions around that. My sense reading your shareholder letter, just maybe more than emphasis on regulated and utility these days than there was but with some perspective there. Maybe also, can you comment on the asset market as well and what your thoughts are in terms of that.
J. Leonard: I kind of missed the end of that. I didn't hear the end.
Unknown Analyst - : Interest and then assets as well, if you could give some commentary around it, and what you would be interested in if you could get it.
J. Leonard: Yes. I don't think our position on that has really changed. I think the position for some of the other companies in the industry has fairly changed. There seems to be an overall move that the bar is closing and they don't want to be the last one without -- without -- I'm saying it wrong. It was an analogy. It seems like that's what's happening here, and people are looking around. They don't see any companies left and they're going to go pack up. And we're one of the ones that are left, and the -- but we never saw mergers, particularly as dissolving like the overhang issue that we talked about. I just don't see mergers topping those issues. It may complicate it. To put more issues on the table for regulators that have to deal with and some of the others really didn't back up before it's good enough. And we've always kind of add with you that we take these issues, put them on the table and solve them as fast as we can, and we still believe that. The assets in terms of the overall mergers so, I mean, obviously there is value there. There is a business proposition that makes sense for us, and obviously we will consider it. Like we've said before, we keep them pretty plain. Others would probably be just as plain. Probably, there's anybody at the top view by everybody one time or another just to see if there's any media in line with regards to how value is created and what he said those problems are, whatever the challenges, they might help profit, they were ones or two. We just have not found that type of transaction that really makes sense for us. The -- we can negotiate one, but nobody would accept it. I mean, the term is we would want, but not successful to the other party. The industry -- I think in the industry is not that, it was not that impressive with regarding mergers. It sounds somebody is really when some old thing and you run out of ideas, words, you resort to words. And I think in some respect, the industry is out of ideas. And so mergers give you something to talk about for a while. But ultimately, it's not a value-creating merger, it's not a good set of cultures or whatever. Somebody is going to have to answer to that, 2, 3, 4 years from now when the value's not delivered, particularly if you've already promised it to the regulators, it is not achieved. In terms of individual assets, things of that nature, I mean, obviously, Gary, can you look at those in his portfolio. We continue to believe, frankly, Leo outlined that in some respect, that some of the problems or the challenges we have at this fall, not by combining, but by the structures separate versus the bond. We've accomplished, I think, like the life of it, for example, the RTO, that there is incredible amount accomplished, the $1 million of savings in Virginia. If you're a merger and you'll get that. Maybe you get the key part of it, and maybe that's the argument. But at the end of the day, keeping customer rates down is the best thing you can do to get those ROES up and to get -- keep in getting these allowances and things of that nature, rate cases. And so it hasn't really changed our whole thinking. But with the kind of in the industry, we don't want to be sitting there and get somebody else to a 30% premium, either, when we could have had it.
Unknown Analyst - : Can I just ask one more specific follow-up? Would you consider nonregulated nuclear as adding to the fleet? Or given the issues you face, is that something you're going to let go down a bit?
J. Leonard: Yes, we would. I mean, it would be a little bit of a challenge, but the credit ratings -- but we have to make the right decisions for our own stakeholders. Like John said, there's a lot of planks out there. I think the question here was very appropriate. There's more challenges from this industry as a result of Fukushima. And there's a lot of coverage and we all realize that there are lots of those challenges. And as they do the studies, they're going to see there's a lot of differences between where companies are. Everybody's not in the endpoint. That's not where they're going to be. And they run the risk of seeing others come down pretty hard on them, and the Cooper is a very good analogy of where they came from and where they are today. So I think there will be opportunities out there. If you look at the depths of the challenge that we have, a lot of us sitting right here in the front row, a remarkable job they've done on our fleet. We're virtually running breaker-by-breaker almost every plant these days. And that's real money. So if those opportunities exist, we will pursue them. And with the fair greater agencies, we'll do our best to convince them, that it's in our best interest to grow profits regardless of the cash flows, regardless of the portfolio mix it might present. And like we've been laying down the suit, not given up on the notion of creating the optimal cash flow of these businesses. And so that may precipitate -- something like that may precipitate the need to move forward with that.
Unknown Executive: The only thing I'd add, John, is it's a valuation exercise, too, right? It's because of these events -- even just for people who want to divest, that may or may not be a good thing. But also because of these events, we think costs may rise to some extent and certainly the more information we get, the more clarity we can have. It may impact value. It may impact what risk we're willing to accept. But it really all comes down to, at the end of the day, how much risk are you taking? How much are you warehousing? And what's it cost to get in? And the more risk is there, though, the less we'd be willing to pay. So at the end of the day, it's hard to say, no, we wouldn't touch those because we would, at the right price. So it's where we would head with that.
Unknown Analyst - : A couple of questions. First, with respect to '11 guidance. You went through a few deltas in your remarks earlier, but I know from previously you've had a couple other puts and takes that you excluded in your guidance originally. Perhaps, could you speak to are you in the top end or bottom end of the guidance vis--vis where you guys at the end of the day? We think that it goes through all.
Unknown Executive: I won't speak to that. We typically don't go there unless some there's some real compelling reason. And certainly, after the first quarter, it's typically not a position where we've got a compelling reason. The third quarter is the big quarter for us. That's when the summer, that's going to peak, that's when prices are high, that's when a little, like I said, we had changes in weather this quarter last year at $0.30, we weather $0.29, I guess, in the third quarter. And so you just -- things that happen at this point in time tend to, as you gone up through the year. Now certainly, if we got -- if we get more information about certain things that drives us directly to that, we'll do it, but it's kind of early in the game right now.
Unknown Analyst - : And just a quick follow-up to that, if you look at interest rates into the robust markets we see out there and refinancing of the remaining balance on the revolver, how do you think about that right now? Is that something you'd call a near-term priority? Or are you thinking, take it as it comes?
Unknown Executive: We continue to do financing at the operating companies, and we've done a lot of financing over the course of this nice interest rate environment as it is, which pays us and customers a lot of money, put down the notes issues and compare it, as you said. And certainly, the revolver is coming due in 2012. The good news is the market is such that it's not really an issue, there's no sense of urgency, there's no problem there. And if we want to do it today, we could most likely get it done today. I'm not saying today, excuse me. It may not be literally today, but the trade-off is that the market isn't what it was in 2007. And so there's no sense of urgency to get it done for that reason either, in terms of just what we're going to do with the revolver. And we continue to look at whether or not there's some longer term financing that should be done at that level or not. And we'll continue to do that, but we address it every day as it is. It's just at some point, we'll get to the time when we say, "Okay, now we have that." But right now, because the market is still favorable because we shouldn't have any issues and because the pricing differential is fair, we'd really end up where we are today.
Unknown Analyst - : And then finally, last question here for, Rick. Looking at the recent SCM order, it talks about out of market generation being continued to be prospectively, potentially included, or at least legacy out of market generations. And you kind of future up the options beyond the floor. Kind of thoughts now, after we've gotten related to their order. I mean, clearly, it varies very much in favor of, call it, competitive market, but that does seem like a potentially somewhat negative data point there.
Richard Smith: Yes. And I think that's fair as it relates to the historical information there, but I don't think this issue is dead yet. I think FERC has come down where it has, and I think there's some opportunity to kind of get this clarified as we move forward. So I think there'll be some more activity around that.
Unknown Analyst - : Mark, I introduced plans B and C in the event that by hook or by crook Vermont succeeds and effectively stranding Vermont Yankee and as a second part, is the industry concerned about other states maybe copycatting a successful state of Vermont?
Mark Savoff: Hopefully, we will clearly like the case. We have a very strong case. I think Vermont has said they expect this case ultimately to go to the Supreme Court. We're hopeful that doesn't happen. We're hopeful that somewhere along the way before that, that, of course, that our case is strong enough that it doesn't need to go that far. But it's going to be a very long haul, most possibly. But we do have alternatives. If ultimately, the endgame is that the plant gets shut down for whatever reason, I won't get in to what those are today, but we don't intend to come away from this empty handed. One of the great fears, not great fears, but one of the issues that causes us to draw the line and stand as firmly as we have is Vermont has openly tried to encourage other states to do the same thing. And it's surprising that more companies in the industry are paying attention to that and the press that, that might bring if we're successful at it. So it's very important to us that the court system affirms, puts better lawyers with a lot of land in it in this regard. It's very bad for the industry to have all -- every -- just like we talked about. And the legislative intent was to encourage nuclear power to have one source for licensing and regulation. And this whole scenario goes against all of that just like when we had, I didn't know how many operators we had at these plants at one time. I don't think anybody would say that made sense, that every state, every utility there has built their own plant, and has designed their own plant and all those things, it just didn't work out very well. It probably didn't get billed, didn't get -- it went way over budget. And when they did get billed, they didn't run very well. It hasn't been until we followed the industry and started operators that were starting to see the progress we're seeing as we moved up the sprint. So also, and if you go back to the industry to have that whole kind of buyback with state regulations instead of the level of expertise you see at the NRC today. I mean, you look at, again in ITEC and you look at the -- all the redundant systems and all the back up and the depth, the defense mechanisms and whatever. The sense of it is it's going to destroy the industry. And what we have going right now is safe, reliable, clean power that's very good for the country. And we will keep it that way. And that's one of the reasons again, we're pushing the issue so hard in the court systems to make sure that it doesn't change.
Unknown Analyst - : Just a couple of more questions about MISO. First, can you talk from, say, a high level how the $1 billion of benefit would be split between, say, elimination of the sim charges versus the detachment asset? And second, could you talk about QUICO [ph]? Is it necessary to have QUICO [ph] to actually join with MISO or can they be separated?
Leo Denault: I think I'll talk about the first, but the second one is that there was an evaluation but, no, it's not a requirement that they joined SCP or MISO. And that's a decision that they have to make. But the first question is, can I answer the first question? That's got a breakdown. It really is, I think, it's a factor where, I believe, Wayne where that's part of the filings that we make on May 12. And I think we really have to kind of wait until we do that level of detail because again, as Wayne has said, that pretty much our -- all regulators have access for that level of detail now, this thing within the CRA study, but then the additional analysis that we've done is part of how you get to that $1 billion, and that needs to be really kind of vetted with them and how that breaks down, so May 12, basically.
Unknown Analyst - : Wayne, maybe more for Leo here, you've clearly mentioned good credit metric, just from being able to access capital markets credit. Could you talk, put some parameters around what that maybe means. Is there a cash flow? Is that number a rating that matters to you? And sort of how that all interplays with the share buyback program that you have or -- and how you would deal with that?
J. Leonard: Sure. I mean, if you think about the hierarchy of how we look at the whole financial profile, we start mostly with liquidity. So when we have to look at everything, but for example, you can get the debt to cap, we haven't paid the bill with that measure. So to make payroll to provide collateral support, to do what we need to do to have the liquidity support per store and still have the liquidity to support the merchant business when we have to post collateral and everything. That's the first line of defense on everything. So we tend to spend our first priority on making sure we have liquidity that is significant enough to cover almost any event. So most times we're sitting around with about $3 billion, $4 billion worth of liquidity at any point in time. When times are tough, even more, because we spend a lot of time paying attention to that. So then what you would do is you get down into making sure that our coverage ratios stay strong, typically in that $5 billion plus range. All the time, we make sure that our liquidity ratios against our collateral needs, so against our fuel five, based on credit ratings. And then we do get into obviously, looking at what the balance sheet is. I don't want to discount debt to cap. It's just that probably 10 years ago, you would have kind of started there, and it seem like people had things backwards and they work their way down versus today. I think it's been evident that everyone who's ever had any kind of an issue or the blowup that you talk about, is the liquidity issue. It's never been the solvency issue, for example. It's more do you have enough money to pay the bills tomorrow. So that's where we start, we look at coverage ratios, try to keep those really strong. We mentioned we keep the balance sheet solid, as well. Our credit ratings are important because they impact how much liquidity we require, particularly as it relates to what we do in the merchant business. So we don't guide ourselves towards a credit rating. We got ourselves towards making sure that we're strong enough for rating. And so that's what we're dealing with. Certainly, being in an investment grade level helps both sides of the business. It's a requirement in the utility business. And as I said, otherwise, we had all the jurisdictional CEOs. But that's certainly something that's very important, and then as the parent, we utilize that and support for our collateral counter-parties, so it's important for us, Larry, too, because it makes a lot easier for us.
Unknown Analyst - : Could you kind of put bookings on your exposure to the worst-case scenario on Vermont of no continuation and no choice to do same-store outcome? The due commissioning exposure there.
J. Leonard: We got your point where we couldn't -- first of all, the situation is such that the safe storage is available to us. The safe storage is a decision that we get to make. Same-store is an NRC issue. So the likelihood of getting ourselves into that situation seems remote on the back end of what we believe an unlikely scenario where we don't win in the litigation. So you're talking where is the magnitude down the low probability scale, I think. We have not given that kind of specific detail around plant by plant where we would go, we just haven't gotten to that point yet where we want to do that. Certainly, right now, we make filings on a regular basis in terms of whether decommissioning cost spend stand versus what the liability is, if you have -- it's just the process you go through. Today, for example, there's an NRC minimum that's calculated based on the license life. We've been in that process with all of the plants, and we file those, I think, on a biannual basis until you get within a couple of years, I think, five years ago, end of the licensing, we do it annually. So we've done those for all the plants. Certainly, getting the license extension at Vermont Yankee has changed that from a 2012 analysis out to a 2032 analysis. If you get to the point where you actually are going to decommission the plant, the calculation is done a little bit differently. It's switched over into a more site specific study, and that site specific study typically gets a different answer than, just give or take, than what the NRC study did show. So the reason I mentioned that is those are not things that we have done for all of our plants that we took out of the public domain.
Paula Waters: Thank you for joining today.
J. Leonard: Paula, let me give just one last comment, I guess. The room seems awfully subdued. which is not a good sign. What I want you to do as you walk away, just keep in mind this is not a sales conference, not a promotional event on our part. This is an investor conference. I learned early on in my career, you put your mouth, where you are. Straight talk works a lot better than making promises you can't keep or passable pipe ideas that don't really make sense. We try to avoid that. We try to avoid that every day in the company, and we certainly try to avoid that when we meet with all of you who own us, who we work for. I would hope that the one thing that you would -- we would agree upon, though, is that we understand the challenges that we have. We have challenges, I mean, who are we kidding? Everybody has challenges. This thing is going to go through some tough times. And like we talked about, I don't think mergers is going to solve everybody's challenges, either, just give us something else to talk about. But what I'm talking about, we're going to be working on those things that we have to do to make this the kind of company that you all want it to be, expected it to be, when you invested in the potential that we have right before us, instead of engaging in a lot of fanciful thinking and ideas that may never come to fruition. We may not agree, we may agree about what those challenges are. And what you have, though, is our commitment that you may or may not agree with is that we're going to meet those challenges. And while we have the team here, we've reorganized the team, put the right people on the right spots. And up and down of the organization, the board on down, we do have an agreement what those challenges are and the need to meet those and the need from all of us, all of our standpoints, to see whatever your expectations are as a likelihood of the overhang issues of the opportunities that Leo or Kerry or Rick, whatever, presented. And again, what we're not going to do is make a lot of promises we can't keep, but we hope that you understand that we do understand we have challenges. And we'll focus on them, and we're going to hopefully surprise you.
Paula Waters: Thanks for joining us today. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for the applicable Safe Harbor and regulations, the compliance statement. This webcast will be archived in the Investor Relations section of our website. This concludes our 2011 analyst conference. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Taylor - President of Utility Operations J. Leonard - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Leo Denault - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Smith - President of Entergy Wholesale Commodity Business Paula Waters - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Paula Waters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Paula Waters: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from Entergy's Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and then Leo Denault, Entergy's CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statement. Wayne?
J. Leonard: Okay, thanks, Paula. I'll begin today with our most frequently asked question, what's the latest in New York and Vermont?  Starting in Vermont, at the end of October, the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board denied a late filed contention on hard-to-access electric cables, finding that reopening the case was not likely to lead to a different outcome. The petitioner, the New England Coalition, appealed that decision to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. In parallel, we continued to supply the NRC staff information on related issues to assure the safety valuation report remains complete as time continues to pass. And as you know, we are over five years since our original filing.  Regardless, once the expected supplement to that safety valuation report is issued, we're expecting a positive decision from the NRC on VY [Vermont Yankee] license renewal application. Importantly, NRC regulations allow for the commission to issue the license during a pending appeal. We are committed to maintaining open and timely communications in Vermont, however great the challenge is for gaining public support in disproving the negative put in the public's mind that the age of the plant is determinant of its condition. That is essentially the position Governor Shumlin took last month when he said, "It was designed to be shut down in 2012, and that 40 years is up in 2012." He went on to say, "It's old, it's tired, and it should be retired." In fact, he has encouraged New York to take the same position.  States or governors are certainly free to voice their opinions, but the NRC, which has jurisdiction on these matters, must deal with the facts. The truth is, what those in the industry already know to be true, that the 40-year license was based on the expected economic life, not the physical life, the nuclear plants were designed for. Recognizing this fact, the NRC set two principals in reviewing license renewal applications. First, that all operating plans provide and maintain an acceptable level of safety; and secondly, each plant's licensing basis is required to be maintained during the renewal term in the same manner and to the same extent as during the original licensing term. To that point, with the constant replacement of equipment and design upgrades, most of the 1970s vintage plants are in excellent operating condition, and Vermont Yankee's operating records certainly supports that fact. For example, during the first 30 years of its life, Vermont Yankee's average capacity factor was below 78% and it never had a breaker-to-breaker run. Over the last five years, the capacity factor has been above 94% and it has had two breaker-to-breaker runs. In fact, Vermont Yankee has been evaluated in the excellent category as compared to its peers.  Efforts also continue to secure a new power purchase agreement with the Vermont Utilities. Negotiations had been ongoing for some time now, and we have made progress toward reaching agreement on key terms and conditions that would provide citizens of Vermont continued access to clean and affordable power. However, while we would certainly prefer to sell power in state, that is not a necessary condition, of course. We expect to have clarity by around the middle of 2011 on all the open issues we are pursuing, including but not limited to securing a PPA with the local utilities.  Importance of Vermont Yankee's continued operations to Vermont was highlighted in a presentation given last month by ISO-New England to a Vermont incentive committee. The system operators' assessment of reliability of the Vermont electric system found what you would expect; that with that amount without Vermont Yankee, existing state reliability risks increase. ISO-New England studies on the performance and costs of transmission solution alternatives to VY are expected in first half of 2011. But not only would reliability likely deteriorate, studies have shown power rates would also rise as supply is reduced. To that point, on January 26, 2011, IBM, the major employer in Vermont, said, "It takes about $35 million a year in power to power its Vermont facility, and the company estimates those costs will go up by 25% if Vermont Yankee goes offline." And in an open letter to Governor Shumlin on February 3, 2011, community leaders representing industry, labor and energy stakeholders expressed concern that the window of opportunity was closing to allow the Public Service Board to complete its docket of Vermont Yankee's continued operations beyond 2012 and emphasized the serious economic consequences for Vermont if the plant is not allowed to operate under a renewed license.  One final note on Vermont Yankee, in early of November, we announced the process to explore potential sale of plant. The confidential nature of the process does not allow me to provide any updates today, but all our actions remain consistent with the objectives of keeping the plant open and meeting stakeholder needs. For the pessimists, and I know there may be a lot of you out there on this issue, one thing you should know is, and it may not have been well, but over the last few years, VY's earnings contribution to Entergy at best has simply covered its fully allocated overhead. Some of that is fixed and some of that is variable. Turning to New York. On December 3, a significant milestone was achieved when NRC issued the final supplemental environmental impact statement. In short, the NRC staff concluded that there were no environmental impacts that would preclude another 20 years of operation for new deployed units. The ASLB will now hold hearings on these new contentions which begin at the end of this year or early next.  Also in December, the Administrative Law Judges with the New York Department of Environmental Conservation issued a ruling and schedule in the water quality certification and the State Pollutant Discharge Elimination System or SPDES water permit proceedings. The schedule is set for hearing to begin June 14 before the ALJs on a number of issues, including the threshold issue, regarding whether Entergy could even obtain air permits necessary to build and operate cooling towers in Indian Point, given the Air Quality's [National Ambient Air Quality Standards] non-attainment status in the area. Related issues in force include the effectiveness of our proposed best technology available alternative, Wedgewire screens. A decision by the ALJs on the issues to be tried starting this summer could be referred to the commissioner of the New York Department of Environmental Conservation by the end of this year or early next.  As you know, on January 18, President Obama issued an executive order based upon the principles that the regulatory system, "must protect public health, welfare, safety and our environment while promoting economic growth, innovation, competitiveness and job creation; and must promote predictability and reduce uncertainty; and must identify and use the best, most innovative and least burdensome tools for achieving regulatory." He went on to say, "A government-wide review of the rules already on the books to remove outdated regulations and stifle job creation and make our economy less competitive." The executive order was issued to make clear, "that this is the operating principle of our government." Certainly, the cooling tower versus Wedgewire screens matter at Indian Point and similar cooling water intake issues around the nation would seem to be a good opportunity to meet the President's stating operating principle for government as EPA moves toward issuing new intake structure rules.  Then on January 27, Chairman Fred Upton of the House Energy and Commerce Committee called on the NRC for greater transparency and certainty in the license renewal process. He stated that, "Gone are the days of reasonable expectation for a stable and predictable regulatory process, and that this uncertainty and lack of transparency in the process is needlessly putting plants and thousands of jobs at risk." In particular, Chairman Upton sited the applications for Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee, saying, "Today marks an unfortunate milestone for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission as the timeline for the reactor renewal process has now doubled without explanation, eclipsing 60 months with no end in sight." And just yesterday, on the Senate side, in their own letter to the NRC, Senators Inhofe and Vitter referenced Chairman Upton's letter as well as President Obama's Executive Order, questioning the extended timeframe to review license renewal applications for plants in some areas of the country and the need to protect the rights of the applicants, as well as the public or local citizens in the process. They requested responses to their specific questions by February 24, as well as such things as e-mails and phone logs supporting the activity to date. The mounting press rates on these issues seem to be driven by the fact that federal government has cleared jurisdiction on these issues and Congress is questioning whether that is being exercised as intended. In any event, we're hopeful that this increased attention will bring expedited resolution.  Moving on to the utility. When we announced the [indiscernible] spin-off in 2007, a lot of people questioned who would want the utility stock when EWC or Enexus at the time, was so attractive. We answered those questions with our belief that the utility was still a work in progress or unfinished business.  Part of our strategy back in 1998, when we changed management, was to make it the premier utility in America. But between dealing with operational issues and the cost to rebuild the system after five of the six of the largest hurricanes in the history of the company and the fallout from numerous System Agreement disputes, we have never achieved the full potential that we had envisioned for the utility. But today, it is a lot closer than it was then, and it's a lot closer that some may have noticed.  In October of last year, we raised our long-term net income outlook for the Utility segment to 6% to 8% compound average growth through 2014 from the previous 5% to 6%, one of the fastest-growing utilities, if not the fastest in the country. As you know, we have secured recovery of $2.4 billion of storm costs and established cash reserves of nearly $330 million today, something that you wouldn't have imagined even possible five years ago.  One of the two key drivers of the industry-leading outlook is earning our allowed ROEs in all jurisdictions, particularly Arkansas and Texas. The rate actions approved in both states in 2010 were constructive, but there's still more work to be done. Looking ahead, timely recovery of increasing capacity costs is expected to be a significant risk, affecting Entergy Texas' future financial performance.  To that end, we are working with our state legislators on legislation to be introduced in the near future that would give the PUCT explicit authority to implement streamlining measures such as distribution cost recovery writers, purchased power capacity writers and formula rate plan. Another substantial aspect of utility growth plans are additional investments that are consistent with our obligations to maintain effective and efficient operations.  In January, the Louisiana Public Service Commission approved the acquisition of 580-megawatt Acadia plant with cost recovery beginning immediately after purchase. With this final regulatory approval now in hand, closing is targeted by March 31. After the Acadia acquisition closing, four of the utility operating companies will have acquired five plants since 2005 to a well-developed, highly regulated and disciplined procurement process, the same we expect to use and continue to use going forward. On that point, utility operating companies continue to negotiate on potential acquisition of two gas-fired generation resources and an approximately 500-megawatt PPA proposal of a third-party supplier identified in the summer of 2009, long-term RFP that concluded last summer. While no definitive agreements have been reached today, we remain in active discussion, targeting conclusion at around the end of the first quarter.  Regarding the Ninemile self-build project, a fourth resource selected with the RFP valuation process that was certified by the independent monitor, project development activities are ongoing with the definitive announcement estimated in the first half of 2011. This 550-megawatt combined cycle natural gas plant is targeted for completion no later than the summer of 2015.  On a less positive note, Westinghouse has informed us that they will be unable to deliver Waterford 3's replacement steam generators for installation this spring as originally planned. After hydrostatic testing, which is the last step in the fabrication process, Westinghouse found separation of stainless steel cladding from the carbon steel base metal in the channel head on both replacement steam generators in areas beneath and adjacent to the divider plate. For those who do not have a Ph.D. in engineering, let's just say that would be a bad thing. Westinghouse continued its analysis to determine the root cause and develop repair options. Meanwhile, back at Entergy, spring 2011 refueling activities will include extensive inspections to validate preliminary engineering analysis that supports Waterford 3 operating safely for another full cycle before replacement of the steam generator. In transmission, the FERC approved in interim extension of the independent coordinator transmission arrangement in November 2010 and in certain enhancements to that arrangement in December 2010, providing for analysis of longer-term structures.  Charles Rivers Associates has completed the cost/benefit analysis studies on the Entergy system showing the Southwest Power Pool, as well as Entergy's Arkansas joining the Southwest Power Pool on a standalone basis. They're expected to complete comparable cost/benefit analysis on the Entergy system or Entergy Arkansas standalone joining the Midwest ISO by the end of February. The results of these studies will be critical factors for retail regulators, including the Entergy Regional State Committee, or what we all call the ERSC, on evaluating alternatives for the current transmission structure. Under the procedural schedule established by the Arkansas Public Service Commission, Entergy Arkansas' assessment of its post-System Agreement strategic options is due in May. Last October, Charles Rivers and Associates' final report on the cost and benefit for the Entergy Arkansas joining SPP on a standalone basis found that the modest tower exchange of variable economic benefits were not sufficient to offset the fixed cost of Entergy Arkansas joining the SPP RTO. The Arkansas Public Service Commission has set a target date of October 7, 2011 for a final order on Entergy Arkansas' post-System Agreement structure.  We need look no further than the most recent System Agreement issue to illustrate why their current agreement has been the source of so much dispute. An initial decision by the FERC ALJ issued last December found an increased accounting for wholesale opportunity Entergy sales violated the System Agreement and ordered refunds to utility operating companies. This case concerned the limited amount of short-term, wholesale energy sales, less than 0.5% of the total system to third parties from 2000 to 2009.  In previous orders, the FERC rejected arguments that these sales were inconsistent with the System Agreement and that the other operating companies had a right of first refusal on these assets markets. Subsequent to the ALJ's initial decision, the FERC staff filed briefs on exceptions in January supporting the company's actual practices and consistent with utility operating company rationale, filed its own briefs. We continue to believe we and the FERC staff are on the right side of this issue, and given past practice and supporting FERC decisions and FERC staff positions, we were very surprised by the ALJ's initial decision. Turning to 2011, we have numerous goals at the utility, particularly with regard to the regulatory calendar. In addition to the annual formula rate plan filings in Louisiana, Mississippi and New Orleans, the utility will address potential timing in future rate filings and continue to pursue other regulatory mechanisms like riders and formula rate plans in Texas and Arkansas and the future regulatory processes and structures, plans for Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana, given that the FRP framework expires with the 2010 test year.  Achieving resolution on long-standing issues regarding transmission structure and System Agreement is another aspiration. For this to happen in 2011, it will require parties to put the scars of numerous years of litigation behind them and focus on what is important now. There are numerous things that we believe that we can agree on, but achieving total agreement among the retail regulators on every issue is highly unlikely. But we clearly believe it is in everybody's best interest to come to a self-determined mutual agreement on as many of the issues that we can agree on as possible.  Operationally, during 2011, the Utility will focus on managing major projects in its capital plan, consistent with cost and scheduled objectives, including plant fossil fuel, fossil generation acquisitions and the self-build CCGT plant, Nuclear's grand gulf upgrade and a revised plan to install the Waterford 3 replacement steam generators and ongoing transmission and generation of the projects. Completion of a majority of these projects is planned for 2012 and beyond. Regarding EWC's goals in 2011, EWC will continue to focus first and foremost on maintaining safe and secure operations for its generating fleet. But I can't emphasize enough the importance and the effort we put to resolving lingering uncertainties on license renewals. The NRC operating licenses expire next year not only at Vermont Yankee, but also at Pilgrim. While the prices and renewal process will extend beyond 2011, EWC will focus on encouraging the federal and state regulatory processes to move toward an expeditious conclusion.  In addition, EWC will continue to execute on opportunistic but disciplined portfolio and risk management activities and transactions like the sale of the Harrison County power plant which closed on December 31, 2010.  Before turning over to Leo, I want to recap a strong year of operational and financial accomplishments. Not only did we set another record for the sixth year in a row and 10 out of the last 11 years since 1999 for the highest consolidated operational earnings per share in company history, we also had the highest ever operating cash flow in company history. 2010 operational achievements are just as impressive.  At the Utility, we achieved a number of constructive utility regulatory outcomes and improved customer service metrics across the board compared to 2009. At Nuclear, we delivered the highest utility fleet capability factor ever at 94.1%, completed two breaker-to-breaker runs at factory and at Vermont Yankee, set new plant records in consecutive operations at Fitzpatrick and Waterford 3, while Pilgrim and Cooper record runs continue today and recorded the highest plant production for a cycle at Indian Point 2 and for a refueling year at Palisades.  2010 ended with more than half of our nuclear plants evaluated in the excellent category as compared to its peers. Despite this, strong operational financial performance total shareholder returns for 2010 was negative. The overhang or uncertainties in New York and Vermont that I discussed earlier are certainly significant contributing factors. As is expected, depressed power prices compared to previous expectations of the market as evidenced by 2010 total shareholder return in which the bottom two quartiles in the Philadelphia Utility Index were dominated by the so-called hybrid or merchant generators. Having said that, we have to do a better job of driving the pace of favorably resolving the outstanding issues that we can influence, while continuing to enhance our market base point of view on power prices and expediting the execution of our hedging strategies, but maintaining the same discipline that we always have had in that regard.  Just as we have not been waiting on operational regulatory issues to resolve themselves, we have not lessened our resolve on achieving the aspirations we have previously articulated. Despite going from leader to laggard on stock price growth, we believe we have made substantial progress in meeting our aspirations going forward. Utility is one of the fastest growing in the country. The EWC is one of the better hedge merchant generators relative to near-term commodity prices in a very uncertain market. Operationally, new records have been set in almost every aspect of the business. At the same time, our Board of Directors and management's commitment to seek and act on transactions that create value has not changed.  The golden strategies I discussed today are the same ones we've talked about for a long time now. If at times it seems we have changed course or are saying something inconsistent with what we may have indicated on months earlier, it's only because we are a market-based point-of-view company, and that's how our strategies developed. Nobody knows better than you all that markets are dynamic. Given the realities and uncertainties of markets, a static point of view will inevitably lead to warehousing greater risk, lowering the probability of success and ultimately will endanger the financial viability of the firm.  Options and optionality are good things, and we've strived to create and preserve them in the same way we think about generating free cash flow. In particular, in times of economic stress, if you have enough cash and have preserved your options, the future can look and can turn out very differently than if you're locked into a one dimensional course of action or strategy. You can rest assured we continue to refine our point of view everyday and to position the company with the flexibility and financial and operational strength so that we can and will execute on transactional opportunities at the appropriate time consistent with the realities of the marketplace. In regards to the Board, I am pleased to announce that former Senator Blanche Lincoln was elected to serve at the last meeting. She was one of the most respected members of Congress, and will bring immediate insight to the Board and management on virtually all the issues I discussed today. We will look forward to seeing you at the Analyst Conference in April, and we will continue to establish the groundwork for our strategies to capture opportunities for future success.  Speaking at the analyst conference, we strongly encourage you to book your travel reservations now if you have not already done so, because all flights into or out of the city have sold out in past years for the Jazz & Heritage Festivals. We're in the planning stages now to make our conference the most informative and the most memorable event that we've ever hosted.  And now I'll turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I'll cover fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results, our cash performance for the quarter and the full year, an update on our share repurchase programs and a review of our 2011 guidance, including some comments on quarterly timing of results. Before we turn to results, I'd like to note that we have revised our business segment disclosures to reflect the internal reorganization announced last June. Entergy will now report these three business segments: Utility, Entergy Wholesale Commodities or EWC and Parent & Other. EWC is made up of all non-utility generation, a portion of which was previously reported in Parent & Other. The Utility segment has not changed.  To assist in 2011 analysis, our release includes restated 2009 and 2010 financial statements on a comparable basis. In reviewing 2010 results, a few things stand out. As Wayne mentioned, we achieved record operational earnings per share for the sixth year in a row; we completed the $750 million share repurchase program as scheduled; utility EPS grew nearly 23%; and EWC completed the planned sale of its interest in the Harrison County power plant, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of $44 million. At our nuclear plants, we completed two breaker-to-breaker runs and set two new records for consecutive operations. Before I talk about the full year, I'll quickly review the financial results for the quarter. First, we completed the business unwind of the infrastructure we had put in place to support the non-utility nuclear spinoff. As such, this will be the final quarter that results will include the special item associated with this effort.  Slide 2 summarizes fourth quarter 2010 as reported in operational earnings, showing a decrease compared to one year ago.  Turning to Slide 3, the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results are outlined in more detail. Starting with EWC, operational results were down versus fourth quarter 2009. The decrease was due to lower net that revenue and higher income tax expense. EWC's net revenue declined largely as a result of lower nuclear generation.  During the fourth quarter this year, EWC's nuclear fleet experienced 72 outage days, compared to only six outage days in 2009. This quarter's outages included scheduled refueling outages totaling 43 days at FitzPatrick and Palisades as well as unplanned events, but most notably the extended outage at IP 2, when the main transformer had to be replaced. EWC also had some positive items in the quarter, including the gain on the sale of EWC's interest in the Harrison County plant. Now turning to the Utility. Earnings in the fourth quarter 2010 were lower than last year. The major drivers were an increase in nonfuel operation and maintenance expense due largely to higher fossil outage spending, the timing of liability spending and higher compensation and benefits costs, partially offset by the net effect of higher other income and net revenue.  After excluding the effect of regulatory item that was offset in other income in the absence of 2009 adjustments, net revenue increased $0.08 during the quarter. Sales in the fourth quarter 2010 were higher than last year, and the effective regulatory actions also contributed to higher revenue. Overall, Utility retail sales grew by 5.2% or 3.3% on a weather-adjusted basis. We continue to see economic recovery across our service territory that mirrors national trends with slow, but steady gains in employment and the continuation of healthy industrial sector growth. In Industrial segment, sales grew 7% quarter-over-quarter. The positive benefits of facility expansions in the economic rebound continue, although the growth has slowed somewhat as the recovery matures. Expansions accounted for about half of the growth.  Looking at specific industrial segments, the trends from the first three quarters of 2010 continued. Chemicals, refining and miscellaneous manufacturing remain the strongest sectors. Our refinery customers continue to run at high utilization rate in spite of the challenging operating environment. Some of the refineries in Entergy's service area are among the largest in the country and to date have fared better than the average for their sector.  The Chemicals segment has also done well with improvements in demand from exports and domestic end users of chemicals in the automotive and general manufacturing industries. On the flip side, wood products continues to be a soft spot due to troubles in the housing market, but the segment is a small portion of Entergy's overall sales. We are encouraged by the steady improvement in Utility sales for all of our customer classes throughout 2010, and we continue to expect 2011 retail sales growth in the 2% range or about 1% when you exclude industrial expansions and cogeneration losses. Finally, Parent & Other results declined in the fourth quarter due to several individually insignificant items. Slide 4 provides a recap of our cash flow performance for the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow in the current quarter was $761 million or approximately $160 million below the same quarter last year. This change was due to higher pension funding, lower net revenue at EWC and an increase in refueling outage costs for EWC's nuclear plants due to two refueling outages in this quarter versus none last year. These decreases were partially offset by lower working capital requirements at the Utility. Moving to full year results. Slide 5 compares 2010 as reported and operational earnings to 2009. High earnings at the Utility were partially offset by lower results at EWC. Parent & Other results were essentially unchanged.  On an operational basis, 2010 earnings per share ended the year at $7.10, up 6.4% over 2009. The main drivers for this increase were higher utility net revenue, the absence of significant impairments on decommissioning trust investments recorded in 2009, accretion associated with Entergy share repurchase programs and the gain on the sale of our interest in the Harrison County plant, partially offset by the absence of the gain recorded on land sale last year. Items providing a partial offset include lower net revenue at EWC, higher nonfuel operation and maintenance expense at the Utility and EWC, as well as an increase in taxes other than income associated with strong Utility revenue growth. Slide 6 provides a recap of our cash flow performance for the full year. For the year 2010, operating cash flow was the highest in company history at $3.9 billion. The $1 billion increase is due primarily to the receipt of roughly $700 million of proceeds associated with storm-related debt issuances for 2008 hurricanes in Louisiana, the absence of hurricane and ice storm restoration spending at the Utility and higher utility net revenue. Other factors including higher pension funding and lower net revenue at EWC provided a partial offset.  I'll now turn to an update on our share repurchase programs summarized on Slide 7. During the fourth quarter, we completed roughly $213 million of share repurchases, requiring a total of 2.9 million shares at an average price of $73 per share. Of the repurchases made during the quarter, $209 million were applied to complete the $750 million program. We also have available the $500 million share repurchase program we announced last October.  As with any investment decision, execution is subject to our ongoing evaluation of business and financial conditions, including evaluation against other potential opportunities. While we did not include this program in the midpoint of our 2011 guidance, execution of it would fall within the overall range. Slide 8 details our 2011 earnings guidance, which we are affirming today. 2011 guidance ranges from $6.35 to $6.85 per share on both an as reported and operational basis. The details shown on Slide 8 should be familiar to you, as they have not changed since we initiated guidance last October. In keeping the pace with past practice, we have, however, adjusted a few line items to reflect actual 2010 results. One last point on earnings guidance as it relates to quarterly results. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, Slide 9 outlines some key events to keep in mind when considering the quarters. Utility net revenue can be affected by the timing of regulatory rate actions such as the Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas reactions that were affective around mid-2010. For EWC, scheduled refueling outages varied from year to year in both the timing and the number of outages. Overall, we expect one less planned refueling outage in the fall of 2011 compared to 2010. Quarter-over-quarter non-fuel O&M variances are affected by both the timing of spending and the occurrence of the core absence of specific events. Finally, tax items are lumpy by nature. Significant tax benefits in 2010 will be realized in the third and the fourth quarters. In closing, I'd like to recap some accomplishments from this past year that position us well for the future. We established EWC to enhance our focus in key areas of merchant generation business, including license renewal for its nuclear plants and our analytical and market-tracing capabilities.  In the near-term, EWC is among the best positioned merchants, providing certainty in a bearish environment, having executed significant hedging for 2011 and 2012 based on our point of view for those periods. Over the longer term, EWC is focused on capturing the potential upside for the business and the positive effects of ongoing economic growth and new environmental regulation.  At the Utility, we made meaningful progress on the regulatory front with rate case settlement in Arkansas and Texas. While there is more work ahead, the regulatory improvements position the Utility to succeed as we look to the opportunity for competitive infrastructure investments, including the supply planned acquisitions selected in the 2009 summer long-term RFP.  While there is no doubt that 2011 will be another busy year, we'll continue to do the necessary actions to capture the near-term growth we see at the Utility and the long-term optionality embedded in our merchant business.  And now the Entergy's senior team is available for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: We've had a couple of companies articulate the impact of bonus depreciation on cash flow and also talk about what they're doing to either offset or not offset the resultant rate base impact on the regulator side or the $1.99 tax deduction on the merchant side. Can you talk about what incremental cash flow you expect to get and will the impact that might be on some of your base case earnings and what you're doing to offset it?
Leo Denault: Sure, Greg. This is Leo. We are probably a little unique, I guess, in this situation. While there is benefit to bonus depreciation and, I guess, right now we've estimated it's probably $500 million or so, we'll actually see the incremental benefit from the cash flow over time later than most people would, given the fact that we have a significant NOL position right now. While the bonus depreciation does fall in line ahead of the NOL utilization, it's not going to really change the cash flow profile in the near term, because it just pushes out the utilization then of the NOLs. Because of the NOL situation that we're in, the production deduction falls behind the NOL. So that's out there a few years as well for us. So really, no earnings impact to us from it. It gives us an incremental cash flow at the back end, I guess, of our planning period if you were to think about it that way. And the rate base will follow the realized benefits and bonus depreciation. The impact in the near term on us is going to be a lot more muted than you would see across the industry, given the NOL.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: So it's really, its $500 million of cash, but if that cash would have come in from other, you would have been utilizing NOL to get a commensurate amount of cash had you not gotten the bonus depreciation, so it's basically a status quo situation. Is that...
Leo Denault: Well, it is more money. That is a good thing, but it's just going to be -- it will fall in line in front, but then it will add that $500 million basically to the back end.
Operator: And next we'll go to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: My first question has to deal with some news reports out of Vermont about some speculation that even if Vermont does not approve the relicensing, that you guys might opt to continue to run the plant and to sort of challenge that and the federal jurisdiction, so to speak. And I was wondering if you could sort of comment on that.
J. Leonard: Rick, do you want to -- anything to say?
Richard Smith: I don't think we would comment on what's reported out of the papers in Vermont. There's something reported every day out there and speculating what might happen probably isn't helpful for any of the situations. Right now, we're currently still working with the Utility get the PPA in place, and we expect to file something with the commissioner around the Certificate of Public Good. And then we'll see what the legislature tells the Commission they can do with that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So I guess take it one step at a time sort of approach. Is that how we should read it?
Richard Smith: Yes, I think that's right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The EPS guidance for 2011, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that there was potential to do the Harrison County sale perhaps or something of the sort in terms of your flexibility. I was wondering if anything like that was in 2011 guidance. And also just for the nuclear decommissioning trust, what's your expectation for the performance of that, whether that was in 2011 guidance, if you can sort of elaborate on that?
J. Leonard: As far as Harrison County, I guess, that was -- are you asking if there is. . .
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: If it's a similar -- I got the impression that -- maybe I heard it wrong, but I got the impression that there might be similar opportunities in the future for you guys to do similar things like what you do with Harris County and I was wondering if that was in EPS guidance for 2011? And second question was what's the expectation for 2011? What the decommissioning trust earnings would be?
J. Leonard: As far as the Harrison County, certainly that is something that we have in the works already in 2010. If you think about the way we've managed the Non-Nuclear Wholesale Assets business which is where Harrison County fits, now under EWC. Since we got out of the IPP Development business, the ongoing strategic and operational efforts there have been to capitalize on operational improvements, to enter into a contracting strategy similar to what we would do with any asset that we have, but also restructuring of those plants and their ownership as well as sales. And we've had sales in 2006 and 2008 at some of the properties that we owned in that business as well. I'm not going to really comment about what is or isn't in guidance similar to last year. Last year, we did have some opportunities there with Harrison County we were looking at, but certainly they were confidential. Right now, as we look at 2011, there's really nothing on the horizon, but there could always be some sort of transaction around assets in that business. There's other plants in that business. There's a district energy business. It falls under there with some combined heat and cooling assets. So I guess right now there's nothing in the works, but at any point in time we could have some transactions around some of those facilities. As far as the decommissioning earnings, we don't really make public estimates about what may or may not be going on in there in terms of the way that works. As you know, it's a lot more draconian in terms of the accounting if the market really deteriorates. As you recall last year in 2009, we had some significant other-than-temporary impairments on some of the assets within the decommissioning trust funds. And as we go forward, there are more or less, just as investments are made and securities are turned over inside those funds, that's when we recognize some of those gains. So its a lot different going down than it is going up, but we don't really specify too much about what's in that. It's not significant most of the time.
Operator: Next we'll go to Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: I apologize to ask for this clarification, but just on the RFPs at the Utility, can you just go through the detail again on potential? The different acquisition versus new build and timing of those events?
J. Leonard: Gary, you want to try it this time?
Gary Taylor: Steve, I hear you understand is you want to say if we have acquisition versus new builds and the relatively timing for those. Those basically, we said we're still in negotiations with two of the counterparties we would hope to hear in the first quarter. We would expect to come to conclusion with that. The self-build itself is actually scheduled and will not go into service until the fourth quarter of 2014 to 2015. In each of those, they have their cases that we would bring in front of the LPSC for their portions of the ones that we consider or the other utilities and depending on those, they are typically an individual proceeding not so in this cover to the RFP process.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: So the self-build is already pre-approved?
Gary Taylor: No. We will have to file for that in CCN as well, and then we basically would go through positional rate making for it.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: And the two parties, would those be two separate plants or two parties vying for one plant?
Gary Taylor: I cannot really elaborate on that until we really conclude the negotiations.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: One other question, I guess, for Wayne. We're starting to see more large-scale M&A in the sector. Does that make a difference in any of your strategic thinking? And should we take the view that given that you've been pretty aggressively hedging at least your near-term power price exposure that you're more inclined to be comfortable on the regulated side of the business, strategically?
J. Leonard: I think the opportunities on the unregulated side are pretty risky at the current time, not only in terms of the outcome, but with the rating agencies also were putting a little more pressure in our capital structure our ability to execute the more commodity driven we appear to be. There would be some benefits to adding to the regulated side, I think, in terms of credit quality and bringing out cash flows and maybe optimizing balance sheet. The real issue with regard to, I think, large-scale transactions that really hasn't changed a lot. You know the difficulty. We're already in multiple states. Other possible combinations would be multiple states. It could be tied up for quite some time even if you had transactions that made sense. And the difficulty in a transaction like this is a transaction is more than just stapling two business plans together. It had to create real value. And we articulated and executed in a way that shareholders actually can see what the strategy is other than just getting bigger and allowing any cash flows to go into organization slack and the organization is there to see it. That's tough to do. It's tough to find somebody that's like-minded and also has the right set of circumstances where you can pinpoint what the strategy would be and where the additional cash flows or opportunities will be from that. The fact that you have other companies out there getting bigger, and you have other companies out there that's very focused on that, as a strategy doesn't really changes our own point of view. Frankly, I do have a point of view that these companies can get too big. There's a lot of issues to manage and these companies, regulatory-wise, but at some point in time, I think they're beyond scale. Or the regulatory issues are or being managed to long in the company and are not being managed as well. Maybe as it might be if the company was a little smaller, a little focused. Their current size, [indiscernible] schedule around this place to keep track and keep our best people on top of these issues. Other people may just do it better than we do, but that's a lot of jurisdictions to manage for a lot of these companies. Having said that, like we told you before, we continue to look at small transactions, large transactions all the time; we have for the last 12 years. And sometimes they make sense, they look like they make sense and you may have exploratory discussions and realize they make no sense from the same point of bad data or you just see the world differently and it's a potential train wreck. Nonetheless, we haven't stopped trying to find one that works large scale or small scale, but if you like -- I think, as you indicated, at this point in time, given the way the world looks, you probably would err on the side of trying to find something more on the regulated than the non-regulated, but that's very hard to do.
Operator: Next we'll go to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One high-level question, one granular one. High-level question, do you guys give out EPS growth expectations for the Utility? But just curious, kind of looking at the forward curve, what do you think just overall consolidated EPS growth looks like over the next couple of years? That's the high-level question. Granular one, can you refresh us in terms of just how much cash inflow you expect from deferred tax benefits over the next few years?
Gary Taylor: Leo?
Leo Denault: As far as overall earnings growth, we really haven't necessarily put out an aspiration or anything on that. Certainly, if you look at what the forward price curve is, and look at where we're hedged, particularly in the near term, EBITDA that's coming out of the EWC business should be reasonably flat and declining as we've said in the past. And so, just to continue to offset that with the growth in Utility is what we see happening over the course of the next couple of years. So longer term, we see a lot of growth in the business, but certainly, like all of the merchants, in the near term, we've got the declining EBITDA to deal with as it relates to what's going on in the EWC business. As far as how much cash is coming out of deferred taxes, we don't necessarily get that granular with where that cash flow comes from. We still see that we're in the range to be able to return the $4 billion to $5 billion that we have as an aspiration over the next several years. And as you might guess, we're always looking to try and get more rather than less, because we believe from a financial point of view that returning the cash that you've all invested with us is the right thing to do. So that continues to be the objective. We continue to see ourselves in that range of being able to provide it, and we'll continue to work on making more.
Operator: And next we'll go to Marc de Croisset with FBR Capital Markets.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: It looks like you had some pretty strong cost control at EWC in the fourth quarter. In fact, I think it's an $0.08 benefit year-on-year from lower O&M. I guess I was a little surprised to see that, since you had so many refueling days in the quarter and I believe that it was 72 days. Could you elaborate on how you managed O&M with all this activity?
Leo Denault: There's a couple of things. One, as it relates to the outages. When there is an outage, you will see less O&M show up because of the way the accounting for the outages work. That's one thing working in our favor from the O&M, if you look at the cash flow statement and how operating cash was offset to some extent by the cost of the outages. So that spend actually tends to not show up as higher O&M costs necessarily. And so what we also had was we had some costs in 2009 as it related to -- we had some incremental work done actually at Harrison County that showed up in 2009 that then wasn't there in 2010.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: In times like some of the O&M is capitalized, would that be correct?
Leo Denault: It's deferred on the balance sheet and then amortized over the period after the outage.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Second question on your capacity contracts and I don't know how material these may be, but I see some uplift in 2013 and 2014. Could you give us any color on what's happening in the capacity markets?
Richard Smith: Well, I think it's a little bit of an expectation that the economy is slowly rebounding out of the recession that we've been dealing with in the last couple of years. So with that higher low growth and your higher fee rates, I mean, there's an expectation that's converting into higher capacity prices.
Leo Denault: If you're talking about -- I think Rick got the market in general. If you're talking about our sold forward table, we did have a FERC order that would set the VY capacity price around the D list, so the dynamic D list, we went in and got that capacity prices set at capacity price that was meant for the D list, which is a little bit higher than where we were before.
Operator: Next we'll go to Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Wayne, could I just ask you, you mentioned the Vermont decision would occur by the middle of the year. Could you just tell us why the middle of the year? What happens by the middle of the year that makes that decision-making process come to a conclusion?
J. Leonard: Well, there's a number of factors. Again, we're expecting the NRC will move forward and some time within this timeframe we're expecting to get a license renewal from them. That's a critical issue. At the same time, as we've indicated before, there are substantial expenditures, refueling outage and things of that nature that occur later in the year and somewhat force our hand in terms of making some decisions relative to the future of this plant. And we don't -- it's not really timely to get into what those choices are, but they're critical choices that we'll need to make probably somewhere around the mid-year. There are choices that affect all of you, there are choices that affect 650 people that work at that plant. I think maybe as some of the business leaders have pointed out, time's run out in terms of Vermont themselves, influence on the destiny of that plant. We strongly believe, and obviously the Senate does, it's a federal jurisdiction and we had choices that need to be made and we'll make them at the appropriate time.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: So we should not look anything in the legislature? Is that a fair point happening with the Vermont legislature from your perspective?
J. Leonard: Well, I mean we're certainly looking for support from the people of Vermont, looking for support for the utilities. We want to be regarded as good partners with Vermont. But at the same time, I mean, in some respects, we're being potentially put in a corner here. And there's a point where there's a line in the sand. We've got to make a decision whether we're pushed any further or not. But we're not ignoring the legislature, we're not ignoring the governor, we're not ignoring the -- and I'm sure they're not ignoring the IBM or the business leaders and another people also. It's a very complicated situation. But like we said, despite all of the different things that are said that may or may not be accurate, we're gonna make the right decision for all our stakeholders.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Paula Waters for any additional comments or closing statements.
Paula Waters: Thank you, operator, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing (719)457-0820. Replay code 2202485. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference, and we thank you for participating.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Leo Denault - Chief Financial Officer Paula Waters - Investor Relations
Analysts : Steve Fleishman  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates Vedula Murti - CDP US Marc De Croisset - FBR Capital Markets Rudy Tolentino  Morgan Stanley Ashar Khan  Visium Asset Management Paul Ridzon  Keybanc Tom ONeil  Unidentified Company
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for openings and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Paula Waters of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Paula Waters: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Well begin this morning with comments from Entergys Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault, Entergys CFO, will review result. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statement. Wayne?
Wayne Leonard: Thanks Paula. Good morning everybody. With the EEI Financial conference just over a week away, our earnings release and our comments today will be limited to significant briefs and events in 2010 financial performance. We will provide you with an update on our longer term financial outlook with EEI. Starting with Utility, the Public Utility Commission of Texas is scheduled to discuss Entergy Texas rate case at its next open meeting on November 10, 2010. At that meeting, the commission will review the ALJ recommendation regarding the competitive generation service or CGS tariff and the unopposed stipulation settlement agreement addressing all other matters in the case. To recap how we got here, in October the ALJ issued a proposal for decision recommending that the CGS tariff we rejected due to the potential for a substantial shift in cost from a limited class of eligible and participating customers to remaining customers, thus violating the basic principle of cost-causation. As a reminder, legislation initially enacted in 2005 and modified in 2009 required Entergy Texas to propose a tariff and offer eligible customers the ability to contract for competitive generation. As proposed by Entergy Texas, eligible customers will be limited to those with a minimum of 2500 kilowatts of demand. In the proposed decision, the ALJ recognized that the law is clear, that Entergy Texas be made whole for program costs and any loss of revenues from participating customers. The decision whether to proceed with a CGS tariff, and if so under what terms is now before the commission to complete its review as required by the Texas legislation, and then to approve, reject or modify it. The unopposed rate case settlement filed in early August reflected a $68 million rate increase and 10.125% allowed return on equity. An initial $59 million rate increase was implemented effective August 15 that is a refund, up from the $17.5 million increase implemented at the beginnings of May. If approved, the final step-up to achieve the full $58 million increase will take effect the first billing cycle in May 2011. As part of the unopposed settlement, the parties also stipulated to the current level of transmission of investment of $464 million that will serve as the baseline for future annual filings for a transmission rider. That includes full return of and on additional investment above that level.
 : Consistent with that reality, Entergy Texas filed a petition on September 17. This is generally supported by the other non-ERCOT utilities to initiate a rulemaking allowing for a purchase power capacity rider to address regulatory lag by recovery of those costs outside continuous filings of base rate cases. The PUCT has 60 days to decide whether or not to pursue the proposed rulemaking, Entergy elects to proceed, must reach a decision within six months of publishing the rule. In New Orleans, the Citys Advisors reached a settlement with Entergy New Orleans on the 2009 formula rate plan filing providing for an $18 million electric rate decrease, retroactive to the first billing cycle of October 2010, and no change in gas rates. This outcome resulted largely from a continued increase in the New Orleans customer base as rebuilding the neighborhood in the aftermath of Katrina and return of customers continue to see projections.
 : For the 10-year period starting 2013, the study projects the Entergy region including the Entergys outside the Entergy operating companies would realize anywhere from a net cost of $438 million to a net benefit of $387 million, primarily depending upon transmission cost allocation issues. There is addendum cost-benefit study also being conducted by Charles Rivers including the Entergy system joining the Midwest ISO and standalone studies for Entergy Arkansas joining the SPP RTO or Midwest ISO are expected to be completed before the end of the first quarter 2011. With the initial full-year term of the Independent Coordinator of Transmission arrangement expiring next month, Utility Operating Companies have filed with request to extend the ICT arrangement with certain modifications by up to two years. This will help provide sufficient time for analysis and implementation of other alternatives to the current structure.
 :
 : First of all, this is a civil investigation and not a complaint. The DOJ is exploring questions and issues on a confidential basis such as the vertical integration of utility and practices and policies of the Entergy utility companies related to generation procurement, dispatch and transmission. Investigation is just beginning and of course utilities are fully cooperating with the DOJ.
 : As noted in our announcement, Entergy became aware of the investigation during the required Hart-Scott-Rodino review of the utilities proposed acquisition of the 580 megawatt Acadia Unit 2.
 :
 :
 : Also during the quarter, the NRC staff issued a positive report on its audit of Vermont Yankees license renewal application conducted in response to the [Inaudible] earlier this year. The staffs report raised three issues, Entergy or Vermont Yankee has addressed these three issues in an application supplement submitted to the NRC in mid-October, which was prepared in coordination with a similar application submitted for Pilgrim. The next milestone in the Indian Point license renewal process is the issuance by the NRC staff of the final supplemental environmental impact statement currently expected next month. Reports released during the quarter by the Independent System Operators in New York, in New England strongly support the criticality of using the system reliability and their reach. In New York, findings in the ISOs 2010 Reliability Needs Assessment indicated the unexpected retirement of the Indian Point units for causing immediate violation of reliability standard even considering aggressive assumptions for energy conservation in the region. In the base case load forecast, the probability of an involuntary interruption of load was 3.8 times higher than the reliability standard in 2020. The power ability estimate decline from 40 times since the beginning of filing period in 2009 report, due to the combination of economic slowdown and the safe and business demand side management target. However sensitivity analysis usually what we believe in more realistic assumptions indicated the probability of a liability violations are much closer to the conclusion in the 2009 report, if you take out both the point units. Further the New York ISO assessment found as New York Department of Environmental Conservation best available technology program as defined under proposed rule issued in March creates the greatest risk of premature retirements and for unacceptable reliability risk. The New York ISOs President and CEO summed it up succinctly indicated the need to carefully balance environmental policy objectives with the reliability requirement of electric systems. Further in early August, The New England ISO denied Vermont Yankee request to de-list from 2013 to 2014 for its capacity options given studies completed today. In other words, without Vermont Yankee services there are liability issues which will adversely effect neighboring areas. The ISO went on to point out of the any alternatives to Vermont Yankee sounds that are additional, and we might had a necessary cost, of course reliability and safety concerns go hand in hand, no one takes safety more seriously than we do. On that subject local concerns resurface in Vermont following a recent finding a trace amounts of tritium in a water sample taken from rock fishers beneath the plan. Its important to note that the water sample test does not indicate any new tritium leak over Vermont Yankee. The test result confirmed the migration of water released from the precious leak, which was identified seal and repaired earlier this year within 49 days of detection. Moving forward we remain committed to pursue greater prevention and order detection as part of the Exelon, Entergy industry leading initiatives on tritium. At the same time, we have upgraded our sampling process and our communications with stakeholders. Turning to our recent price hedging activity, its clear that the commodity markets for power, natural gas are having a tough hurdle for non-utility business and will likely continue to prove challenging for the next couple of years. Forward, energy prices for 2011 and 2012 in New York and New England declined by an average of 10% since the end of the second quarter and dropped by over 25% since the 2009 EEI Financial Conference, consistent with past practice we have been layering in hedges over the past year. Although, we have been more aggressive and accelerating this hedging activity, based on our proprietary point of view of these markets, as a result forward energy sold is down 95% in 2011 and 76% in 2012, a contract basis in the money by around $630 million for EWCs differed portfolio. Despite these challenging times and with the help near records warm temperatures Entergys third quarter earnings per share were the highest at any quarterly period in company history. For the full year we remain on-track for a fixed consecutive year of delivering record operational earnings per share. But were now in a transitional period. On the one hand we have an uncertain economic climate, challenging commodity markets, and critical nuclear license renewal activities at EWC. On the other hand there are numerous corporate development opportunities including the potential acquisitions identified in the recent long term RFP process an alternative structures for system agreement and transmission operations at the utility. We also continue to evaluate and consider available options at EWC to create and return value to our owners. Many of you have asked, if there will be a significant strategic announcement EEI has, has been the case at various times in the past. Given the fact that EEI is just about 10 days a way, I can tell you that we dont have any major events right for announcements this time, but we will update you on our longer term outlook and discuss our strategies and opportunities in more detail. While the worlds economic prospects are not as bright as they once were or what we would hope for, we remain grounded in the reality that it is what it is. Were committed to sound rich management and we are still think about what might have been and cannot cloud our judgment and our processes. We will not leave large positions opened on the basis of look back models, nor well substantially increased our risk by selling firm products that we cant backup. I can assure you, we are committed to executing the everyday on the things we can control, taking decisive action consistence with our proprietary point of view, maintaining financial headroom for unexpected opportunity to address, while being even tentative to the amount of risk and type of risk that we are warehousing. In closing I am pleased to report that Entergy was named to the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the ninth year in a row and since its held by no other US utility. Key area for Entergy for its rank best or among the best for its safety, environmental policy and climate change, corporate government and price risk management where we see the best score. Our commitment to excellent in al these areas as well as out overall chief financial aspirations topped total shareholder return remain unchanged. Now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover third quarter results and cash flow performance powered by an update of our share repurchases activity and a recap of 2010 earnings guidance. I will also point out some highlights on financing activity over the past few months and close with a few preliminary thoughts on 2011 drivers that will be discussing with you further at the upcoming EEI conference. Starting with our financial results on slide two, third quarter 2010 earnings were higher than one year ago as both the utility comparing another while there were lower nuclear. Third quarter earnings included accretion from share repurchases from both the 2009 and 2010 programs. Once again this quarter as reported resulted included charge associated with spin-off to synergies, and the expenses for outside services that are now focused on the spin unwind process. As weve previously committed, we have been aggressively working through the process of unwinding the spin infrastructure, these unwind efforts were largely completed in the third quarter. Excluding the special item related to the spin, operational earnings were up 15% compared to the third quarter 2009. The factors driving quarter-on-quarter results turn to slide three. First with the utility higher net revenue was the primary factor driving the quarterly earnings increase. Utility sales once again increased across all the customer classes including the effects of significantly warmer than normal weather throughout our service territory. Even excluding the effect of weather each jurisdiction had positive retail sales growth. Overall utility retail sales grew by 8.5%, thats by double-digit performance in the residential sector. And for the third consecutive quarter weather was a significant factor in residential sales growth. After a record setting cold winter, temperature across our service territory reached near record levels for the second consecutive quarter, our regions temperatures make13 hottest of the 116 years of available data in the third quarter. Louisiana, Mississippi and Arkansas temperatures were especially warm when compared to seventh and tenth respectively. In addition, Texas experienced record usage for four straight weeks picking at 645.7 gigawatts on August 30. Turning to the industrial sector, we continue to see the positive effects of the economic rebound and facility expansions, strong industrial growth continued in the third quarter, but at a lower level than in the second quarter adjusting economic recovery maybe leveling off. Looking at specific industrial segments, the results were mixed; chemicals, refining and miscellaneous manufacturing had been our strongest sectors while wood products and pipelines have been weak points. Primary metals were stronger earlier in the year, but soften some during the most recent quarter due to week construction markets and lower demand from China. As we noted in the past two quarters there are some tempering effects including in our industrial sales result this quarter, the increase in net revenue from higher industrial sales volume was somewhat offset by the price effect associated with demand charges. We recall that last year, we had reverse situation when the demand charges that offset the negative impacts of lower volume. You can take away from all of this, is that are weather adjusted sales results today aligned well with the assumptions we use in our full year guidance numbers. Regulatory actions also contributed to net revenue in the current quarter. Results reflect the rate cases that Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Taxes as well as formula rate planning activity at Entergy Gulf States for Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana. The absence of a refund reserve from the Louisiana utility companies recorded in the third quarter of 2009 also contributed, partially offsetting the possible effects of higher net revenue with higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense and income tax expense. The increase in non-fuel operation and maintenance expense is due primarily to higher compensation related expenses and higher outage costs at generating units. Higher income tax expense was partly due to the net effect of consolidated tax adjustments, which are made across the Entergy companies and net to zero on a consolidated basis. Other drivers at the utility were largely offsetting. Moving onto Entergy nuclear, this years third quarter results declined versus 2009 primarily due to decreased net revenue associated with lower generation, attributable were both planned and unplanned outage days and higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expense. The third quarter of 2010 included a portion of the scheduled refueling outage at FitzPatrick, which started on September 12 and ended in the fourth quarter. There were no scheduled outages in the fall of 2009. There were also approximately 21 additional unplanned outage days compared to differed quarter last year, primarily at the Indian point units in Palisades. Conversely the non-utility nuclear fleet ran at a 100% capacity factor in the third quarter of last year. On a positive note, the realize price in the current quarter was essentially flat to the third quarter of last year, while the average contract price decreased year-over-year and market prices on the unsold Entergy average nearly $25 and megawatt-hour higher largely due to higher natural gas prices and warmer weather driving stronger demand. Similar to the utility business, Entergy Nuclears third quarter non-fuel operation and maintenance expense was also higher than a year ago; this increase was due primarily to higher compensation related expenses. Partially offsetting these factors was a lower effective tax rate in Entergy Nuclear driven by a reversal of a tax reserve as well as net effects that consolidated tax adjustments discussed earlier. Finally third quarter Parent and other results were higher than a year ago due primarily to lower income tax expense. The income tax expense decreased, resulted in part from a favorable tax court decision, and net effect of consolidated tax adjustment also contributed to the income tax benefit at parent and other. Moving now to slide four, we continue to have very strong operating cash flow performance. Third quarter 2010 OCF was approximately $700 million higher than the third quarter of last year. We see the storm financing proceeds from Louisiana was the primary driver. Other factors both at utility include higher net revenues personally offset by higher working capital requirements. At the end of the third quarter, Entergys consolidated gross liquidity stood at over $4.1 billion comprised of 1.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 2.2 billion in uncapped revolver capacity. One reason for the strong liquidity was the Parent notes financing completed last month, with the very favorable interest rate environment we initiated and closed $1 billion of permanent debt at the parent company was approximately half during five years and the balance in 10. We use the proceeds to pay down a portion of the borrowings under the parents revolving credit facility, which expires in 2012. We also took advantage of attracted capital markets to reduce the interest cost for our customers. In the past five weeks we executed more than $900 million of economic re-financings and average coupon of 4.7% compare to 5.6% of the debt that was retired. Well continue to evaluate additional financing opportunities at both the utility operating companies and the parent. Ill now turn to the update on our share repurchase program summarized on slide five. During the third quarter, we completed roughly $528 million of share repurchases buying 6.8 million shares at an average price of $78 a share. Of the repurchases during the quarter, 466 million were made through the existing $750 million board authorization program. The balance was repurchased to offset the diluted effects of stock option exercises. As we have noted previously we expect to complete repurchases under the current $750 million program by year-end. Execution is subject to our ongoing evaluation of business and financial conditions and our point of view on stock price. Slide six, details our current 2010 earnings guidance, which ranges from 5.95 to 6.80 per share on an as reported basis and 6.40 to 7.20 per share on an operational basis. The as reported and operational guidance ranges remained unchanged from the numbers we shared with you on our second quarter earnings call. As we assess our earnings performance today, we believe we are well positioned relative to our full year guidance range. With $0.55 per share of weather on a year-to-date basis, I know many of you are wondering why we did not revise our guidance range. It is simply due to our guidance practice to maintain a range unless factors move us out of that range. We instead provide inside on how the major drivers are performing relative to the original guidance assumptions. It is not meant as an indication of significant risk to our guidance range though weve not discussed with you. In fact, at this point of the year, we will know indications are that will end above the midpoint of $6.80 of operational earnings per share. In closing, as Wayne said, we plan to update a longer-term outlook at the upcoming EEI conference, which starts on October 31. At that time, we plan to initiate 2011 guidance with all the typical details when key drivers your used to receiving. We also plan to provide the usual preliminary the roll forward of our three year capital plan for 2011 through 2013 as well as an update of our long-term financial outlook. In advance with that, turning to slide seven, we wanted to provide a few preliminary thoughts on 2011 earnings drivers. For example, we know that the utilitys 2010 sales growth has been very strong and include significantly positive effects from weather and economic recovery. On the other hand, we also know that weve already achieved positive results in the regulatory arena, which will benefit next year. For Entergy Nuclear, we have observed declining price turns. However, we have only three refueling outages planed for 2011 compared to four for 2010. We also have the $750 million share repurchase program that we expect to complete by year end with the full share effect realized in 2011. Were looking forward to seeing you at EEI to discover more details of our financial outlook strategies and opportunities. And now, Entergy Senior team is available for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we will take our first question from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Steve Fleishman  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi guys, this is Steve. When you look at the new hedges that you added, it appears on the surface that the pricing of those new hedges was quite low versus where market is. Even considering due to contingent hedging, and the only thing I can think that could explain that would be maybe a hedge mainly in your low priced regions, like upstate New York. Does that explain it or are we just calculating it wrong?
Wayne Leonard: Leo?
Leo Denault: Steve, that, I dont really want to get in to your plant by plant. Were hedging out, but certainly there is some significant differences between zones or some significant difference between plants just as you mentioned. And so, obviously the average price of those sales are going to be driven by where we did the hedging as well as what type of hedging weve done.
Steve Fleishman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So its possible that, is there any other ?
Leo Denault: Its possible.
Steve Fleishman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Other possible explanation, why the hedging would be below market?
Leo Denault: I guess, I would just say that the hedging isnt being done below market. So I guess Im saying that you are pretty close in your estimation of why.
Steve Fleishman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the other question I have is just from the drivers for 2011; you mentioned the benefits of the current buyback flowing through. Is there anything we should read in terms of thereon, in terms of whether you do an additional buyback or not? Would that just be something you would update at EEI, either way?
Wayne Leonard: Yeah, well update that at EEI. We have a lot of internal discussions to take place before that time period. We have board meeting next week and, we will do our financials with them first, so we are not prepared to make any predictions about that at this time.
Steve Fleishman  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
 :
Operator: And well take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: Good morning guys.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: My question is also just on hedging. You mentioned that your hedging in the quarter had to do with point of view. Did it also have something to do with the new EWC structure and the kind of rethink around the whole commercial organization you talked about on the last quarterly call or is that still a sort of work in progress?
Leo Denault: John, as far as the hedging goes, its primarily driven by point of view. As it relates to organizational structure, certainly the kinds of things we do over changing. So, in large part your activity, you will notice a big change as Ive mentioned before. We did organizational shift, but its around the way we approach things. The analytics we have, all of that is going to be improved, but that may help shape our point of view if we get better data than maybe we had in the past, but certainly its point of view based.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. And then if I could just on a second topic you had  were looking at the quarterly cash flow statement, there was this estimated losses in reserves inflow of the best part of 300 million. Can you shed some light on to what that might be?
Leo Denault: Im sorry, can you say that again?
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: On the quarterly cash flow statement, does that quarter  tag [ph] $289 million of inflow for provisions for estimated losses in reserves was that something over a collection of items that you could shed some light on to whats in that?
Leo Denault: I think thats something I will have to Michele get back to you on Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Leo Denault: Or Paula rather, Im sorry.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Leo Denault: Hi Paul.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Hi, couple of things, the uprate write-off, what was causing that and what was the reason for that, Im sorry if I missed that?
Leo Denault: We had planned a -- we have been working on the potential uprate at one of our non-utility nuclear plant. And just with conditions where they are in the markets and things like that, we just  isnt something that we think were going to pursue at this time.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: And how much was that I guess?
Leo Denault: I dont know that we disclosed it.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay, I was just wondering, so it means but its market base so.
Leo Denault: Pardon me.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Its market base, basically because the power prices just dont support it well.
Leo Denault: Well, we didnt do it. Its about $10 million, thats ..
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay and the longer term outlook and stuff, is that going to be provided at EEI, is that why we dont see at this time in the release?
Leo Denault: Yes, thats right.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay and just finally, the FERC [Inaudible] for DR, demand response, any thoughts about what we might be seeing in terms of the impact on pricing, if thats approved, is it  was filed and I guess is being discussed I guess as [Inaudible] marginal price? Any thoughts about how that might impact markets or do you see any effect of that potentially happening already or..?
Leo Denault: No, I mean -- I dont think we really have a point of view on that right now.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay
Leo Denault: I dont think, we do, sorry.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vedula Murti with CDP US.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Couple of things and I apologize if you addressed this Wayne in your earlier comments, I came in twitcher [ph] tail end. One, can you in terms of strategic initiatives or possibilities, can you talk at all about any interest you may have in the Unistar situation with EDF and whats going on with Calvert Cliff and Constellation, whether its part of Entergy Nuclear efforts there and then I have a second unrelated question.
Leo Denault: Comment on specific transactions. The its something were aware of various things that are going on in the industry, but we did stick with our historical policy really not to comment on things of that nature.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Alright, and secondarily can you update us all in terms of, again I apologize if I missed it, in terms of the system agreement issues with Arkansas and Louisiana, the companies wanting to are leaving the agreement and what types of financial consequences at this point you are seeing?
Leo Denault: Gary.
Gary Taylor: Good morning. When you look at it what were preparing for is under the  where we are today is Entergy Arkansas gave a notice and as of December 2013, they would leave the system agreement as well as Mississippi following up in 2015. We have done several things and the first thing and is most recently, we have laid out a structure Wayne talked about it in his comments called the CODA, which would give us an opportunity to propose some changes, and we are sharing that with each of the regulators. But they also, for that specific have a decision to make whether or not if they are in agreement with and if they are not we would not pursue that. In addition to that, we have to be prepared for Entergy Arkansas being a standalone position and several things are dealing with that. We are basically in the process of looking at what is actually going to put that into a standalone condition as we are for Mississippi. And we are looking from a transmission point of view, there are a couple of activities, one is where would they get transmission services from, and there are some studies that are being done. One is this, whether or not they join an RTO like SPP or whether or not they join an RTO like MISO, part of that study has come out just this week. And Wayne talked about it, because we are also looking at it from a system perspective under FERC study, which basically has a range of possibilities depending on benefits from negative deposit, depending on transmission allocation. So pretty much, were pursuing both paths, the first to be to get an alternative that preserves the value of a system, and second then also to be prepared for Entergy Arkansas and subsequently Entergy Mississippi to leave the system agreement.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: And I guess my last follow-up there, if I recall properly of the operating companies, one that in terms of the imbalances or its perceived imbalances, the one that benefit the most right now that would then have to fill in the gap would be Louisiana. So is there a possibility then that there would have to be a material cost increase to Louisianas part of the reshuffle here?
Gary Taylor: As we look forward to it, I dont see that at this point. But clearly, weve been playing for the system and you see that through the RFP that we put out as far as assets that were bringing into meet those needs as the system changes. But in a low gas market benefit, its a little bit different today than it was when there was high imbalances between the systems between Arkansas and Mississippi. So as long as we continue to see those low gas prices that imbalances it its not anywhere near. And I think you can see that in the RPC [ph] payment. This past year was a, from $41 million from Arkansas as opposed to the $390 million toward the previous year.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc De Croisset with FBR Capital Markets.
Marc De Croisset - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Just two very quick questions, the first is very specific on your production cost per megawatt hour. And I see that theyve trended up, is it about 23% quarter-to-quarter from say, 22 to 28 or so, it looks like youre kind of within guidance year-to-date, but can you give us any color on whats impacting that?
Wayne Leonard: Hey Leo.
Leo Denault: Sure thats driven by a number of things, part of its refueling outage amortization, part of its fuel cost, and then the production cost would also include that charge that we talked about for the uprate. That flows through in as well as the compensation related expenses.
Marc De Croisset  FBR Capital Markets: Great. And a quick second question; I didnt see a CapEx schedule in the press release, maybe I missed it. Is this something that youre updating at EEI? Is it now in a state of flux?
Leo Denault: Yes, thats  well be updating that at EEI, we will go forward of three-year CapEx.
Marc De Croisset - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well take our next question from Rudy Tolentino with Morgan Stanley.
Rudy Tolentino  Morgan Stanley: Hi, I know youve referred to the asset purchases under the 2009 RFP. Can you just give me an update about, where those stand and what kind of guideline you have for implementing those?
Wayne Leonard: Yes, I mean, right now its been pursued as far as looking at what deal we can negotiate with the people that respond in RFP and we would expect probably the later part of this quarter to really try more likely the first part of next quarter to be able to announce those. And then once we do that, then we will go to the regulatory process that comes out with the results of that either through interim PPAs and tolling agreements and for ultimate purchase of assets as well as the Nine Mile self-build that is being pursued inexplicably, I think its the third quarter of 2014.
Rudy Tolentino  Morgan Stanley: And how long will the regulatory process take, when to announce the transition?
Leo Denault: Typically if you are looking at in the past, weve been somewhere between one to two years in that kind of timeframe depending on the complexity.
Rudy Tolentino  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then you also and Jonathan asked about the EWC structures, and you mentioned that you are going to do different kinds of things under that structure. Can you just kind of give a little bit more color of what kind of things that you are going to be doing different, I mean are you going to offer, you talked about data, but are you going to offer like different products or expand your services?
Leo Denault: Rick, you want to answer that.
Rick Smith: Yes, I mean we are looking at all these different things Rudy, but I mean really right now our objective is cannot protect the assets we got. We look at assets that come on the market and we are always kind of looking out for new assets, and we have been as you can kind of see in the [Inaudible] table, then offering a little different product in the market with our commodity sales. So, we will continue to kind of plough that ground over the next six to 12 months.
Rudy Tolentino  Morgan Stanley: Okay. I guess I will look forward to explain it with you further in a couple of weeks time.
Rick Smith: Okay.
Rudy Tolentino  Morgan Stanley: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan  Visium Asset Management: Good morning. Leo, Can I just over, you said the guidance for just looking whats happened in the first nine months. The weather was up like $0.55 or so. So that would kind of like put you above your top end of your range. What were the negative factors? I guess, one is the nuclear pricing, but are there other negative factors which have happened in the nine months, why you wouldnt be like at the top end of the range of surpassing it?
Leo Denault: There are a number of things, there is financing that we are going to compare versus what we have obtained for the revolver. Its kind of a long-term versus short-term decision in terms of where we would go with that. We also had some of the O&M issues that I talked about that are driving more of a, some of those are non-recurring type of things, the payroll related expenses. Weve got the write-off of the uprate. We talked about we had some pressures from pension cost because the discount rates, those sorts of things that have rolled through as well. So all of that goes to kind of pushing us again. We are kind of, right now indicating we are above the mid point but not outside the range.
Ashar Khan  Visium Asset Management: Okay. And then if I can just based on the data that you provided, I guess this year the pricing is going to come up, the factors that you kind of mentioned, the pricing for this year is going to be like somewhere in the 59 average on the nuclear, and based on hedges that you provided, I guess its 55. So what we are looking for is really like a $4 decrement, is that correct? But we will have like  it will be offset somewhat with an extra terawatt hour of generation, is that the right way to look at from the data that you provided?
Leo Denault : For next year?
Ashar Khan  Visium Asset Management: For next year.
Leo Denault : Yeah, I mean we are going to end up with a little more generation, but certainly the market prices have changed and hence while we hedged out so much.
Ashar Khan  Visium Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take the next question from Paul Ridzon with Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Could you just give an update on the PPA discussions in Vermont and where those stand?
Leo Denault : Rick.
Rick Smith: They are still progressing and I mean its a slow process with them, I mean we are  lot of terms and conditions, so we are going back and forth, like I said its some of the investor conferences I expect that we will get that wrapped up by the end of the year.
Paul Ridzon  Keybanc: And then could you just, you have a $0.30 swing at Parent, can you kind of [Inaudible] out the bigger pieces of that?
Leo Denault : Well, the biggest piece of that has to do with taxes and a favorable tax court ruling that we have associated with just in the scheme of how these things play themselves through the 1998 issue.
Paul Ridzon  Keybanc: You can quantify that?
Leo Denault : Thats about $0.25.
Paul Ridzon  Keybanc: And then just on the 2011 [Inaudible], how much floating is going to be had or has been swapped into fixed?
Leo Denault: I am sorry, what you are referring to?
Paul Ridzon  Keybanc: As your 2011 [Inaudible], you mentioned financing cost getting out of the revolver, how much notion was there?
Leo Denault: We have got a $1 billion of term debt.
Paul Ridzon  Keybanc: Is there more coming?
Leo Denault: Its possible. We are looking at given todays interest rate environment, we are looking at, again we did over 900 million at the Utilities as well. So we are looking at both the Utilities and the Parent for more opportunities there.
Paul Ridzon  Keybanc: Thank you very much.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. We will take it from Tom ONeil from [Inaudible]
Tom ONeil  Unidentified Company :
 : Good morning, its actually Tom ONeil. How are you doing?
Leo Denault: Hi Tom.
Tom ONeil  Unidentified Company : Just have a quick question for you on the revolver, in the past limitations on the buyback I think for the debt-to-cap ratio and just curious how you are thinking about that, what limitations you are facing with regard to that debt as you are coming out?
Leo Denault: As far as it relates to the revolver, anything that we have with covenants and those that may or may not be an issue, certainly not an issue at the moment. As far as the revolver comes due in 2012, well continue to look at what the right timing and structure for that going forward. And as far as it relates to buyback its really more than overall issues not related specifically to revolver in anyway Tom, its more related to a combination of business mix of cash flow production and credit ratings all mixed into one, making sure we have the right liquidity profile, et cetera. So, its not specifically related to the revolver in terms of what we may or may not do with repurchases. I will say that as it relates to the financing that we done, currently the longer time financing, we did had some longer term debt that was in place between 2002 and 2005 timeframe that matured during the tendency of the spin and as that matured rather than replace it, we were looking at re-capitalization coming out of the spin, so we didnt take advantage of anything at that point in time. So, nearly the billion  there is about a billion for that debt at the Parent level at that time. So, weve got a $1 billion of longer term debt now, we can necessarily say that its anything different than where we stood before we started the spin-off process, not really turning out the revolver, its just really re-capitalizing the way we were already beforehand. And at this point, we dont have any plans that any incremental debt that we will do at the Parent or any more financing we will do at the Parent, we wouldnt intend that currently to be incremental debt. Again, its all function of our liquidity profile and cash flow metrics on whats going on in non-utility business and what our credit ratings are, theyre all part and parcel to that decision.
Tom ONeil  Unidentified Company : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any additional and closing remarks.
Paula Waters: Thank you, operator, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release in website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 5590047. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude todays call, thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo  VP, IR Wayne Leonard  Chairman and CEO Leo Denault  EVP and CFO Mark Savoff  EVP, Operations Curt Hebert  EVP, External Affairs
Analysts: Reza Hatefi  Decade Capital Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs Marc DeCroisset  FBR Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank Daniele Seitz  Dudack Research
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening comments and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Michele Lopiccolo of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard and then Leo Denault, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne?
Wayne Leonard: Good morning. As we spoke with you last earlier this month, I'll try to be brief particularly as it pertains to matters in New York  at doctor's orders, not Michele's. Today, some 35 days after the decision, we have yet to receive an order from the New York Public Service Commission. Since the ability to appeal or take legal out action doesn't start until we actually receive an order, any legal recourse is automatically preserved. Consistent with our previously stated intent, we have now begun the process of unwinding the business infrastructure associated with Enexus and EquaGen. Under the direction of Rick Smith and the corporate steering committee, the project management office is aggressively eliminating duplicate functions and infrastructure created for the two new businesses that is no longer needed, while preserving options to restructure the business with consideration to everything we learned during the spin-off process. How the marketplace has changed and what our next step might be to capture the unrealized value of this business. Turning to the utility, during the quarter progress continued on. (inaudible) always active regulatory agenda. With the 2010 hurricane season rapidly approaching, resolution of regulatory proceedings associated with Hurricanes Gustav and Ike from 2008 was essential for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana. Earlier this month, Louisiana's Public Service Commission approved uncontested stipulated settlements resolving all issues pertaining to storm restoration recovery, the establishment of storm reserves and the plan for financing those costs using the same financing structure used for Katrina and Rita. That is Act 55 of the Louisiana legislature and through the Louisiana Utilities and Restoration Corporation. Efforts are now focused on completing the financing for the balance of the system restoration costs and storm reserves, which is targeted to occur before the peak of the 2010 storm season. Due to the constructive actions of the LPSC both Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana will have as solid a financial standing as reasonably possible to face storms with $290 million of dedicated storm cash reserves in the bank after financing the curves. Total financing proceeds are roughly $700 million. Just as 2005 repeatedly shattered numerous records with 28 tropical and subtropical storms of which a record 15 became hurricanes, 2009 was one of the quietest on record. With nine tropical storms, three becoming hurricanes and only one tropical storm Claudette making landfall in the United States. Nonetheless with a service territory that stretches north and south just over 500 miles, we always seem to have the opportunity to prove our planning and execution process. We prepare for the worst and as a direct result of continuous process improvement, customers can count on Entergy to be there when it matters most. In fact, our pre-hurricane season planning storm drill in 2008 has uncanny similarity to Hurricanes Gustav and Ike. The storm drill scenario predicted a Labor Day category four hurricane strike west of New Orleans followed seven days later by a second strike. In fact, Hurricane Gustav was a Labor Day category two plus hurricane strike Southwest of New Orleans, followed 12 days later by Hurricane Ike. Among other things, Entergy's drill efforts included evacuation of New Orleans, pressure restore major refineries, transition grade instability and idling of generation all of which had unfolded during Gustav and Ike. Likewise, Entergy prepared for events very similar to what unfolded for Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, including the flooding of New Orleans of about 20 feet in our drill event. This year, Entergy was recognized once again with the Edison Electric Institute recovery award for its work restoring power following the destructive ice storm in Arkansas last year. Entergy is the only company to be honored every year since the inception of the EEI recognition, having earned the EEI recovery and/or EEI assistance awards for 12 consecutive years. And you thought all we did was run nuclear plants and sit in regulatory hearings. At least those things seem to dominate our conversations and for good reason. They have a big impact on whether we earn a fair return or not. In fact as a utility, the able to earn mid point or allow returns across all jurisdictions may be the most significant thing we need to do to enhance the utility's operating company's financial prospects and efforts to do so continue during the quarter. In Arkansas remaining testimony was filed in the Entergy Arkansas rate case. The LPSC staff position currently stands at a $49 million rate increase, reflecting an authorized 10.1% return on equity and including an annual revenue requirement of $10 million for the 2009 ice storm. While a clear improvement over the last rate case, we believe the staff position fails to meet the minimum test of the law, that the company has a reasonable opportunity to earn returns consistent with investments of equal revs during the period rates will be in effect. You recall that in the last rate case, we were authorized a 9.9% ROE that actually had the ability to only earn something in the single digits and in many cases below 5%. This acquisition compares to the $168 million rate increase sought by Entergy Arkansas excluding ice storm recovery. Further the LPSC staff summarily recommended that the proposed formula rate plan be rejected. However, in the event it was approved, staff believed Entergy Arkansas' ROE should be reduced further a 9.6%, a return to the absolute bottom of the industry for a vertically integrated utility. The commission has repeatedly expressed its interest in innovative rate making. I guess the staff took that to mean something different than we did. Let's be clear, you cannot have it both ways. Entergy Arkansas is at a crossroads. In 2005, Entergy Arkansas provided its notice that it was exiting the system agreement and that day is rapidly approaching for clearing the path for Entergy Arkansas to exit, without any continuing obligations or fees on the part of Entergy Arkansas or the system. In that regard, in the midst of a critical rate case for Entergy Arkansas's financial viability, the LPSC initiated a Show Cause Order pertaining to the system agreement and the future operation and control of Entergy Arkansas' generation transmission assets. Practically on the basis of the current record and at preceding, we could easily conclude the proceeding is about why Entergy Arkansas should even consider a successor arrangement to the current agreement, understanding that FERC has ordered Entergy to pursue consideration of a successor arrangement. In fact, just a couple of years ago, the LPSC said itself that it wanted Entergy Arkansas to proceed expeditiously with the development of a new acceptable system agreement and ordered Entergy Arkansas to file monthly reports detailing progress toward the development and finalization of a new system agreement. Much like in New York, where one branch of government has said Indian Point is too big to fail, another branch wants to shut the plant down if it cannot build cooling towers, which most likely they can't, because most likely they can't get the permits. In 2013, Entergy Arkansas is going to leave the system agreement. While, it is the primary opinion of the LPSC is establishing Entergy Arkansas as a stand alone utility it may well be the best path out of the current unacceptable regulatory environment resulting from litigation surrounding the Entergy system agreement. The LPSC staff's position is inconsistent with the necessity of ensure that Entergy Arkansas has the financial wherewithal to do exactly what the commission seems to believe is in the best interest of our Arkansas customers. Entergy Arkansas must be able to invest in the business and must be able to operate and standalone. And that's certainly true if they also want to join SPP. Like I said, you can't have it both ways. Nonetheless, after considering the system agreement matter further in early April, Entergy Arkansas and the Entergy Corporation and Entergy operating companies all of them determined in connection with our decision making process, that it is appropriate to agree and commit that no Entergy operating company will enter voluntarily into successor arrangements with the other Entergy operating companies if its regulator finds successor arrangements are not in the public interest of that jurisdiction or that state. On a more constructive front, Entergy Texas was encouraged by the administrative law judge's action to issue an order approving the unanimous settlement regarding some key preliminary matters in the rate case. Specifically, the settlement authorizes an interim rate increase of $17.5 million to begin on May 1, 2010. The settlement also established the rate case schedule, calling for a hearing in July 2010 with a final award to be issued November 1 and more importantly, for permanent rates to take effect back to service rendered and after September 13. In Mississippi, a third fuel law undertaken at the request of the commission once again gave Entergy Mississippi a good report. Let me rephrase that, it gave Entergy Mississippi a report card that any parent would be proud of. On March 30, the McFadden Consulting Group, a Colorado firm with extensive utility auditing experience, covering more than 40 utilities in 15 states presented their report on the management review of Entergy Mississippi's fuel practices and procedures for the two year period October 2007 through September 2009. In the report, McFadden indicated that the fuel and purchase power costs for Mississippi are reasonable and at the lowest cost possible in the operations and design of the Entergy system. More specifically, the McFadden report states that the resulting Entergy RSP process are extensive, well structured and transparent to ensure proper consideration of market resource options. Further McFadden believes Entergy's Mississippi's transmission system is quite robust and adequate to meet current and future needs. Put simply, the system is operated in the best interest of Entergy Mississippi's customers. Further, during the quarter, the Mississippi Public Service Commission approved modification to Entergy's Mississippi's formula rate panel, including, among others aligning it more closely with the other RFPs in Mississippi, eliminating the current $14.5 million our revenue adjustment limit and increasing the 2% of revenue limits to 4%. I think I said RFP, and I meant FRP as I can see I confused you. On March 15, Entergy Mississippi filed its first evaluation under its new FRP for the 2009 test year. The filing reflected a 10.66% ROE. By contrast the Mississippi's standard offers a reasonable opportunity to earn returns to administer with other investment opportunities all of you have. Further in Mississippi the calculated FRP midpoint of 11.92% also reflects the benefit of a 76 basis point performance incentive. The FRP calls for new rates to be implemented in the June billing cycle subject to review and final approval by the Mississippi Public Service Commission. All of the Louisiana utility companies will file formula rate plans in May, with Entergy Louisiana first by May 15 followed by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans by the end of the month. On a related note, earlier this month, the Louisiana Public Service Commission accepted the joint report of the LPSC staff and Entergy Louisiana indicating an agreement to implement a modest rate reduction and refund totaling less than $225,000 for the 2008 test year formula rate plan filing made late last fall. At Entergy Nuclear, the fleet continued its outstanding performance running at approximately a 94% capacity factor in the first quarter, including 22 days associated with Indian Point 2's refueling outage. Specifically in New York, where our nuclear plants had been singled out as quote  too big to fail, Indian Point 2 was online 99.1% of the time before coming down for its refueling outage beginning in the first quarter. That was a generation record for Indian Point 2. Just as an anecdote, incremental output from the Indian Point energy center as a result of operational improvements under Entergy Nuclear ownership has covered half of the low growth since 1995 in the Hudson Valley and New York City. Meanwhile Fitzpatrick continues its longest continuous run ever, consistent with the superior track record we've delivered since acquiring both Indian Point and Fitzpatrick. In Vermont, where there have been various calls to close Vermont Yankee due to its age and design, the plant completed 532 days of continuous operation before it was taken offline on April 24 to begin its 28 refueling outage, the second longest run in its history. The longest run in its history ended in 2007, following 547 days of continuous operations. And Vermont Yankee remains one of the few liquid discharge plants in the country. Zero liquid discharges, that didn't sound right, did it? Zero liquid discharge plants. To put this in context, Vermont Yankee has had only one unplanned shutdown during the last three operating cycles. With an operating cycle of 18 months that's one unplanned shutdown in four and a half years. Likewise, Pilgrim remains online at nearly 350 consecutive days of safe continuous power operations since the last fueling outage performed in May 2009. And in fact, set a station capacity factor record in 2009 for a year with a refueling outage. Rounding out the fleet, our most recently acquired plant Palisades continues at over 360 days of uninterrupted power operation since returning to service from its last refueling outage in May 2009. It's notable that Palisades completed 2009 with the best electric generation production ever in the plant's history in a refueling outage year. In fact, Palisades generated the most electricity in the past three years of Entergy ownership than in any other three-year period in the plant's entire history. Before turning it over to Leo, I'd like to close by saying we hope to see you in New Orleans exactly one year from today when we will host our next analyst conference. A pre-conference event will take place Thursday evening followed by the conference itself on Friday. While, we will keep you updated over the next year, we intend to explore in far more depth how we will continue to seize opportunities in our utility business and manage the valuable option you own in the non-utility nuclear business. We will host the event at one of the south's grand hotels recently brought back to its past grandeur following an extensive renovation by the Waldorf Astoria, including the legendary Blue Room. The Roosevelt Hotel was a revolving door of the time's most famous names, like Ray Charles, Jack Benny and Bob Hope. The hotel is as much a part of Louisiana legend as is Huey Long, Louie Armstrong or even Hurricane Katrina. We invite you to come and enjoy and be part of the legend that continues to be written today at the Roosevelt. With any luck it may be a super natural experience for somebody. Regardless, it's coincident with the first weekend of Jazz Fest 2011 and outside of Super Bowl 2010  we're still talking about that down here  you just can't beat that. Details will be forthcoming and we'll remind you frequently to reserve your flights early Jazz Fest continues to draw record crowds every year in New Orleans. Now let me turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne. And good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover quarterly financial results and cash performance followed by our 2010 earnings guidance. And then close with a review of our current longer term financial outlook. Starting with our financial results on slide two, first quarter 2010 earnings were higher than one year ago at both the utility and parent, while they were lower at Entergy Nuclear. Current quarter earnings include a decretion from share repurchases executed in 2009. On an as-reported basis, quarter-over-quarter earnings were down due to the previously announced charge related to the business unwind of Enexus and EquaGen. This reflects the initial charge to write off capitalized costs and certain other costs in the first quarter of 2010, as well as the spin-off dis-synergies and the expenses for outside services to pursue the spin that you've seen in prior quarters. As Wayne said earlier, we have already begun to take the steps necessary for unwinding these businesses to eliminate spin-off dis-synergies as soon as possible. Excluding these special items related to the spin operational earnings were up by 3% compared to the first quarter of 2009. Operational results for the first quarter were better than originally projected due primarily to strong utility sales, which offset the lower results at Entergy Nuclear. Sales increased across all customer classes and included the effect of significantly colder weather. Absent weather, sales were about the level we projected for the quarter. And although, the lower price  power pricing weighed on the non-utility nuclear segment, the fleet once again delivered a great quarter of operational performance, as Wayne just reviewed. Slide three provides more detail on the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. First, that the utility higher net revenue was the primary factor driving the quarterly earnings increase. As you have probably already observed in table four of our investor release, overall utility retail sales grew by 11.7% including over 22% on residential sales. The weather this past quarter ranked as the second coldest in Louisiana and the third coldest in Mississippi in 116 years with Texas and Arkansas not far behind ranking around the top ten coldest of record for January through March. On a weather adjusted basis, utility sales trends continue to provide evidence that an economic recovery is underway in our service territory. Slide four illustrates this point, building on a chart we first showed you on last quarter's earnings call. As a reminder, this chart plots month by month the changing cumulative retail sales for a three month period versus the same three months in the prior year. After excluding the effects of weather and the 2008 hurricanes a trend of improving economic activity in our service territory clearly emerges for all customer classes. For the industrial segment, the blue line sales continue to steadily rebound from the lows experienced in the first half of last year. Industrial sales ended the current quarter with a 7.3% growth rate versus the first quarter of 2009. In contrast, industrial sales were down by 13.2% in the first quarter of last year. Small, midsize and large industrial customers contributed to this growth in 2010. Although overall our industrial sales were strong, weak fundamentals presented opportunities for refineries to take outages to catch up on maintenance. Also the quarterly increase in net revenue from higher industrial sales volume was tempered somewhat by the price effect associated with demand charges that as you'll recall had offset the negative impact of last year's lower volumes. As a final note, FRP rate actions from 2009 at Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Mississippi also contributed to the quarterly variance. Turning back to slide three, partially offsetting the increase in net revenue for the current quarter was higher operation and maintenance expenses and an increase in interest expense from higher debt balances mainly in Entergy Texas and Entergy Louisiana. Moving on to Entergy Nuclear, the quarter-over-quarter decline in operational earnings was due primarily to three factors  lower net revenue on lower energy pricing for sales on both contracted and merchant positions, higher non-fuel operation and maintenance expenses and the effect of a change in tax law due to the recently enacted federal healthcare legislation. As a reminder, we consider effects of changes in tax law as part of our operational results. Higher other income associated with decommissioning trust was partially offsetting given the absence of an impairment on these trust that was recorded in the first quarter of 2009 and higher investment earnings resulting from normal sales of securities held in the trusts as well as rebalancing of the portfolio. Finally, parent and other results improved due primarily to lower interest expense on lower parent debt outstanding. Beginning in 2010, we've begun to report parent and other including the non-nuclear wholesale assets business separately from utility results. Skipping to slide five, Entergy's operating cash flow performance for the first quarter of 2010 reflected an increase of nearly $300 million over the first quarter of last year. The net increase in OC up was driven mainly by three factors, all at the utility. The absence of storm spending that occurred in the first quarter of 2009, higher net revenues on strong quarterly sales, partially offset by lower deferred fuel collections. Slide six details our current 2010 earnings guidance, which ranges from $5.95 to $6.80 per share on an as reported basis and $6.40 to $7.20 per share on an operational basis. The as-reported guidance range was updated earlier this month to reflect the total potential charge for the business unwind of Enexus and EquaGen which will be classified as a special item. The 2010 operational earnings guidance range which is based on the current business structure is not change from what we originally provided last fall. As usual some things have gone for us like utility sales and others have gone against us since we set the earnings guidance in October of 2009. Obviously, pricing on Entergy's Nuclear unsold position is one of those things in the second category, where current power prices for the full year of 2010 have averaged around $16 per megawatt hour below the level assumed in guidance. In addition, there are other key factors incorporated into the 2010 guidance range that have yet to unfold, including rate actions and share repurchases. The comment about share repurchases  each quarter at this time, we provide an update on the progress, if any under our share repurchase programs in the prior three months. As you may have noted we did not make any share repurchases under the $750 million board authorization during the first quarter of 2010. Decisions on whether to buyback stock were made based on a number of factors including current business conditions, our liquidity and financial flexibility to quickly respond to changing conditions and our point of view on the value of our stock. As we've clearly demonstrated before, we can implement our share repurchase programs quickly once we've satisfied all of our requirements to do so. For example, in the third quarter of 2009, we repurchased roughly $600 million worth of shares to close out the previous authorizations at that time. One last point before moving on relates to the quarterly buildup of 2010 earnings, as discussed on slide seven. Factors to be considered in developing quarterly estimates for 2010 include  at the utility, the timing of potential rate actions at Entergy Nuclear, the number and timing of refueling outages in 2010 versus 2009 and the decommissioning impairments taken in the first half of last year, the timing of decretion from past to potential future share repurchases and the fact that tax items are lumpy by nature. Looking beyond 2010, Entergy's current long-term financial outlook is summarized on slide eight. This outlook encompasses three broad inter related categories earnings, capital deployment and credit quality. Over the next five years, we believe the utility has opportunities to deliver compound average annual net income growth of 5 to 6% per year. Drivers include sales growth, improving ROEs consistent with earning at our authorized levels and making the productive investments that benefit customers through our portfolio transformation strategy, including generation and transmission investments. At the same time, we believe Entergy Nuclear represents a valuable option given its low cost base load clean nuclear fleet located in attractive power markets. At Entergy Nuclear, the price of our products  both energy and capacity is the fundamental driver outside of our operational side of the business where our superior operational track record is the bedrock foundation. The chart on slide nine provides daily forward energy prices for 2010 through 2013 since January of 2008, which as you can see have exhibited significant volatility. Slide 10 shows the projected average portfolio prices for 2010 through 2014 on just one day April 5, the day we announced the Enexus unwind. At those forward power prices, the long-term outlook for adjusted EBITDA which showed a decline compared to 2010, the intrinsic value of the option. However the option premium is quite valuable. The option value derives from the potential future effects of the economic rebound, existing and new environmental legislation and/or regulation that could lead to an expansion of market heat rates, higher capacity prices and/or higher natural prices over the longer term. In closing, we believe that Entergy combines a competitive utility investment opportunity plus a valuable option in its one of a kind non-utility nuclear fleet. Despite an increasing investment outlook at the utility and depressed commodity prices at Entergy Nuclear, we continue to see opportunities to increase the return of cash to our owners. A second quarter dividend increase to $3.32 per share on an annual basis and a $750 million stock buyback program are just the most recent actions. Even in today's business environment and under Entergy's current structure we forecast that the combination of dividends and/or share repurchases could total as much as $5 billion over the next five years, absent other attractive investment opportunities. We aspire to fund our capital investment requirements without issuing traditional common equity. We can assure you that we will address the risks and the opportunities today and in the future in the same disciplined manner, based on an analytically based point of view but with the same attention to liquidity and credit quality that we have always done in order to create sustainable value for our stakeholders. And now the Entergy senior team is available for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Reza Hatefi from Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi  Decade Capital: Thank you. I was reading in your 10-K that just came out and I guess, in the tax footnotes there's a section talking about you guys receiving about $3 billion of cash benefits over the next six years. Is that  does that come evenly over the next six years or is that lumpy or how does that exactly work?
Leo Denault: Reza, utilization of the NOL is based on a variety of factors. One is taxable income over that time period, so it's going to be dependent upon what cash taxes we would ordinarily be looking at based on the net income to taxable income over that period. Also we utilized it effectively based on, excuse me, deposits against it, alternative minimum tax things like that. So under normal circumstances, that's  with normal income, no hurricanes, no significant events kind of six-year time frame based on what we would be looking at for net income is probably the best way to estimate that.
Reza Hatefi  Decade Capital: Okay. Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take a question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Just to follow-up on that. Does that $3 billion include the $5.7 billion that you guys had elected in the fourth quarter under the Section 263A?
Leo Denault: Yes. It does.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay. And do we have to wait for the IRS to approve that application or is that sort of a done deal?
Leo Denault: Well, we took the deduction on our tax return. As far as a done deal, things that happen in the process you go through from the time you take a deduction to the time it's fully resolved with the IRS, Paul, as you know can go on for a number of years. Typically, it's going to be several years before that year comes under audit and then there's going to be a determination of where the IRS and the company think it would go and then it would be ongoing issues that we have that could stretch it out anywhere from five to ten years. Typically you don't resolve the years in audit for seven to ten years after you've filed that return. So a done deal is a long-term process. The way those work is you take a tax deduction, you have a case  that obviously we believe it's a good deduction and we'll deposit against that, we reserve against those on our earnings going forward and it will get resolved in due course as we work through the process with service.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay. Sure. And that's included in the $5 billion capital redeployment numbers that you guys gave as well or is that in addition to it?
Leo Denault: Yeah. That net of deposits and the like. And realize these are timing differences.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Leo Denault: So
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: And then just finally the nuclear decommissioning benefit, I guess sort of that's part of the other income benefit that I guess you guys are seeing in the nuclear business. I wasn't sure exactly  was that about $0.10? I wasn't  I couldn't completely figure it out in the release, I wasn't quick enough I guess.
Leo Denault: Versus last year, that's about right, yeah.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay. And that's part of the $0.20 that we're seeing going forward? Is that part of the other income benefit?
Leo Denault: I'm sorry, the...
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Well, there's in other income in 2010's guidance, you guys have a $0.20 operational benefit associated with other income. How much of that is I guess  could you just break that out a little bit?
Leo Denault: Yeah. That's part of it and that includes obviously the benefit of vis-a-vis last year where we actually had $0.24 of impairment to (inaudible) the decommissioning trusts as well.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay. And the tax thing that  the healthcare tax, is that a one timer?
Leo Denault: Yes.
Paul Patterson  Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Just a clarification question on the $5 billion of cash available for redeployment to shareholders, that is based on kind of some sort of mark-to-market expectations around nuclear earnings contributions and then also sustaining the 5 to 6% utility growth?
Leo Denault: That's correct.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: Okay. So if utility were  if you were to think about redeploying capital elsewhere, it would be either buying generation assets or the utility spending more capital and what would be necessary to support 5 to 6%?
Leo Denault: I'm sorry. I didn't quite get the last part, David, but yeah. If the cash would be available if we  if things turned out the way we have them  if we invest more in generation or invest more in the utility than what we have in the plan, certainly that would utilize some of that $5 billion, but the $5 billion is an outgrowth of the 5 to 6% if that's what your last.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess is do you have one other question, it's still too early, because you're waiting on the order, but as it relates to New York right now. We saw the commissioners recently in a forum and they were saying the generation assets in their mind are still regulated assets. They've been lightly regulated but they could become more regulated. How do you guys see that interplay working and is there some sort of legal standard rationally that you can challenge as far as their insertion into the business?
Wayne Leonard: I will say we disagree with that. And there are many legal standards that we will challenge that under  that's their point of view.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. Two questions. One, can you give an update on  at the Louisiana subsidiary, the RSP process and potentially looking at self-billed options. And then two at Nuclear, can you talk now that you're not like likely spinning off those assets, whether that's having any impact on your views about hedging going forward over the next three to four years, especially with power prices as low as they are?
Leo Denault: Michael, it's Leo. I'll start with hedging and then and then Gary can handle the Louisiana FRP. As far as hedging goes we  as part of Entergy, we haven't changed the hedging standards or the hedging limits around the nuclear business. And we never did change them specifically to match what the Enexus hedging policies may have been. We had a view of what the hedging standards with limit would be given the different financial policies and dividend profile and balance sheet and liquidities on Enexus. But we didn't institute that as part of Entergy. As part of Entergy, we have continued to manage those assets from a risk management perspective  the same as we always have. With just the acknowledgement that we tried not to lock ourselves into something that would prohibit executing on the Enexus point of view and the Enexus risk limits going forward. And so it hasn't changed and now it won't change versus what we've done in the past. Market activity could dictate changes in our limits. Our point of view could dictate selling more than the limits would say or less than the limits would say, based on the point of view that matches up to not only what's going on in the market. But then also keeping in mind that we still own some stilly subsidiaries, we still pay a dividend. We still have liquidities on both sides of the business. So the things that would change it are the same things that would have in the past. But we haven't made any changes prior to now and we aren't planning on any big changes right now.
Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And on the utility side, in terms of self-build options and meeting the gap which we  the couple of gigawatt gap between what you need to serve your lists?
Wayne Leonard: Mark Savoff will answer that.
Mark Savoff: Okay. Thanks. Right now, we have one RFP that's in process. That's the 2009 summer RFP. We're looking for 1000 megawatts of longer term resources  longer term being greater than five years and we expect that to go into production  those resources to go into production in the summer of 2011. We're also looking for 550 megawatts of so megawatts combined cycle capacity in the New Orleans area to go online in 2015. We've already reviewed all of the submittals. We're going to issue the preliminary notifications in July and we expect to strike on definitive agreements by the fourth quarter  by December of this year. That will give us the capacity and generation that we need moving forward.
Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs: Do those RFPs consider the combination of self-build or asset purchase into rate base or do either of them exclude that option?
Mark Savoff: No. They have. They would be  we have a self-build option that's included in there as well as power purchases and potential asset purchases.
Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs: Got it. Leo, just on the hedging piece, you guys have very consistently over the last 12 years stated your points of view and acted on them. Just curious, when you look at power prices in the northeast and really the influx of a lot of new natural gas in the northeast, are power prices dramatically different in the forward markets from your point of view?
Leo Denault: Well, there's a lot of things that can move power prices other than just the price of gas. Certainly things like the Marcellus shale and other (inaudible) terminals and the like particularly with shale gas  obviously is having a big impact on the price of power in the near-term. And the basis differentials between the hub and the northeast have changed significantly because of that. But the other things that are going to have impact on the northeast particularly as it relates to heat rate. I think those have a lot of issues that just potentially haven't been built into the market. Whether it's existing environmental regulations and legislation on existing things, like mercury and SOx and NOx or whether it's CO2. Also if you look at what's gone on with the demand side management in those regions. There's a significant amount of demand side management that's projected to show up in both New England and in New York as well as thousands of megawatts of wind development, of which not a lot of it is there yet and we're seeing some headwinds against some of that. So really the gas price side of it is one that's difficult to predict  difficult to predict where it's going to happen with shale, difficult to predict what the marginal cost of that's going to be. But I think there is a lot of people looking at that and the market has a lot of that information built into it. I think where you're going to find most of the information lacking in the market and where we'd probably be more bullish than on gas is on the heat rate side of the equation as it relates to what's going to happen with wind, what's going to happen transmission, what's going to happen with demand side programs, what's going to happen with coal retirements and what's going to happen in nonpayment areas.
Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today is from Marc DeCroisset from FBR.
Marc DeCroisset  FBR: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up on the tax question. You mentioned in the press release that there was a tax law. You mentioned the tax law associated with the recently enacted federal healthcare legislation. Can you expand on the impact it had on you? And it sounds like it had an impact on the merchant utility, but not on the regulated utilities, is that correct?
Leo Denault: That's correct, Marc. And it's  there's  in the regulated world to set up the  a regulatory asset associated with the recovery of the change in the tax law. So the fact that it's no longer a tax benefit associated with the Medicare Part D. We'll be able to recover that through rates in the normal course so that is set up as regulatory asset. Given that we're not rate regulated on the merchant side of the business, we don't have that capability. So we had about a $16 million charge. Not quite the $1 billion that AT&T was looking at but it's the same issue.
Marc DeCroisset  FBR: When you booked that contract expense or however it is you did it. Did you have to approach regulators to get approval for that?
Leo Denault: No. It's a normal course expense and it will get recovered in normal course rate making going forward.
Marc DeCroisset  FBR: Wonderful. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: A quick question. If you look at yourselves in the utility and how they tracked in the first quarter, it seemed to be above the target rates of the year. Are you  would you say you're ahead of where you thought you would be in Q1 or is this  did you expect a slightly better growth rate in the first quarter given you're coming off the tough year ago comps and just a sense of where the Q1 number is versus planned?
Leo Denault: On a weather adjusted basis, the sales were about what we expected. Certainly, there was a significant amount of upside in the cold weather that we had in the first quarter.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: But weather adjusted, it's about consistent with your guidance?
Leo Denault: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I had more of a strategy question. As the dust settles after the spin cancellation, any sense of  and your business mix clearly having settled out in a regulated and smaller piece of less regulated generation exposure. Any longer term sense of would you see that evolving in one direction or the other, at this stage or maybe Wayne can speak to that?
Wayne Leonard: I'm not sure. I totally got the question, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: Are you comfortable with business mix post spin where it sits today or if you would have shifted in one direction or another is there more interest in it shifting more into the regulated side of things given where the markets are or whether you'd be more interested in growing on the non-reg side?
Wayne Leonard: Yeah. I really don't have a preference on that. We had an obviously  we had an obligation to serve on the regulatory side and we're going to meet that obligation to serve. In some places where we're not allowed a fair return on the business, we have to be very careful on how we make those investments and how much we spend. Because we obviously have a fiduciary obligation to all of you and we have to do and we have  as part of our obligations, we need to take self-help measures to make sure we don't bankrupt the company even though we have an obligation to serve. So that may mean some impacts on service in order to meet our other obligations to maintain financial viability. Where we are getting a fair returns and timely returns then obviously we're going to err on the side like we've indicated of trying to comply to the best possible way with our regulators own desires and interests in how much transition we build and what type of resources we have  whether it's renewable or whether its something else or how much our portfolio looks like, whether we rely upon gas or whether we use other sources. We've got a lot of flexibility to do those things consistent with public policy and which is what we much prefer to do. On the unregulated side, it's a lot more tricky because we're looking at these issues that you've all discussed and you're all concerned with, in terms of what the pipe is going to be, given the amount of uncertainty that we have here and that's much harder to predict. As hard as it is to predict regulatory actions they are at least bound by the law in many respects on the returns you're going to get. And when you're in the marketplace, as particularly for environmental regulations today and with some of the new entrants in the market, like Leo mentioned the shale gas, that become much difficult. I wont say that we are  we obviously have a point of view that environmental regulations are going to get tougher. Whatever it is  it's going to get tougher. So we're very conscious of that and we do any analysis of adding to the portfolio in the northeast. But we do believe that the portfolio is valuable whether it's perfectly clean as it is today with all nuclear or whether it's added other resources to that it are almost clean. They're almost perfectly clean. So we continue to look at all options. There's a lot of assets still out there. Seems like there isn't, but there are in terms of consolidation, in terms of ideas on joint operation and in terms of ways to maximize the value of everyone's portfolio. And we're taking a hard look at those things. Obviously, the rating agencies concerns in that regard mean something to us, but they're not going to be controlling the decisions that we make if they're in the best interest of our shareholders and we believe  and the market believes we're still on sound financial footing with whatever we do.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: And you just announced an analyst meeting from a year from now. Is that  hopefully that's not an indication of how long we may wait for some kind of strategic update.
Wayne Leonard: Well, hopefully you'll get them as things sort themselves out. Sometimes the opportunity shows up on your doorstep when you least expect it. So that may happen before now and next year, but certainly between now and next year, as things proceed particularly with climate legislation and things of that nature and some of the other environmental issues  we'll be able to give you a clearer picture of what it is we'd like to do if it's not something we've already done.
Jonathan Arnold  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you, Wayne.
Wayne Leonard: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Daniele Seitz from Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz  Dudack Research: Thank you. I just was wondering if EC tritium issue completely resolved in Vermont and what is the next step there?
Wayne Leonard: Mark, you want to address that?
Mark Savoff: Well, we're continuing to be  well first off, the plant's at an outage right now. And we shut down last Saturday and during that outage, there's some additional work that's going to be completed to reroute some of the pipes that were actually leaking. We're in the middle of pumping the ground water out and treating the ground water and recycling the ground water to the plant. And we just completed, this week the additional shoring to ensure that we can remove the soil that was contaminated in a very safe manner. And that will actually take place beginning next week  the removal of approximately 150 cubic feet of that soil. So we've identified what the problem is. We know how to resolve the problem and we're continuing to go ahead and complete all of the action items that we have on our punch list to finish that problem. In addition to that, we're continuing with our fleet wide initiative to pay the industry leader in tritium mitigation and that is well in progress. We're continuing with our six-step program  to implement our six-step program on that. So we're moving along on that.
Daniele Seitz  Dudack Research: Can you anticipate the cost to stretch out through the year for that program?
Mark Savoff: Right now, just at Vermont Yankee, it's probably  at this time, we spent about $5 million and we anticipate to spend a couple more million dollars on that. And then to implement our fleet wide program, the initial seed money is about $1 million on that.
Daniele Seitz  Dudack Research: Thanks. And in terms of the review, do you anticipate that post election? When do you think is a likely timing for that? In terms of the plants being reviewed again?
Wayne Leonard: Daniele, are you referring to relicensing or...
Daniele Seitz  Dudack Research: Yes. Yes or at least some discussion again after the repairs have been made?
Wayne Leonard: Okay. Curt is sitting down there looking like he wants to say something.
Curt Hebert: Daniele, what we're doing at this point which we're moving forward with the process of making certain that we are properly communicating everything that's going on at the plant. That's everyone from the governor's office to the legislature and anyone else involved. Through that process, we are moving forward as well with the Vermont Public Service Board and the Department of Public Service with everything they need. Currently we have the reliability audit that we are following up and we will have a detailed conclusion here hopefully soon. We are also following up with the investigation. All of that's been turned over hopefully we'll see conclusion of that soon. Once we get that behind us, the legislature as well. We'll be going out of session pretty quickly. As you know, the house side of the legislature has decided not to act as the senate did. There seems to be support that Vermont Yankee, especially giving a joint study that was recently handed out by the legislature that was asked for by the house and the senate. And in fact, paid for by the utilities, not asked for by Entergy. But that study, which set up different scenarios, specifically with regard to reliability energy costs and environmental showed under all four scenarios that Vermont Yankee was the clear winner and needed to be there. So having said that and moving forward with discussions that Rick Smith is involved in on the PPAs, we have every reason to believe that we will move forward with a certificate of public good, get the license renewed at the NRC hopefully in the near-term. So that's where we are.
Daniele Seitz  Dudack Research: Thank you very much.
Wayne Leonard: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today and that will come from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: Hi, just a couple of follow-ups. On the share buyback kind of why you guys weren't active in the first quarter and thought process of how you plan to redeploy the capital particularly as it pertains to your earnings guidance and getting the share count down for the year?
Leo Denault: The  as far as the first quarter goes, given where we were in the regulatory process around the spin, Dan, that's really what it all boils down to. And as you'll recall, the $750 million was an authorization that was designed to capture what we believed that the business model in the current structure could support over the course of the next year, but it would also be part of the authorization we get ultimately in the spin-off when we did that. So it was going to show up in one form or the other either as part of the big recapitalization in the spin-off or as part of the current business structure over the course of the year. And so in both cases it just when we were in the spin discussions, the program just didn't get implemented in the first quarter.
Wayne Leonard: Dan, this is Wayne. As you recall, we talked a lot about our board retreat and that was held right at the very last week of March. And given that the somewhat the surprise nature of the turn of events in New York over that last three or four months. We kept our board up to date with various telephonic calls and things of that nature. But we really believed that it was important face to face with them, where we had a week to put the numbers in front of them under various scenarios and strategies. And just get a sense that they believe that our financial situation was as robust as we did to continue with the buyback. And we felt like it was a prudent thing to do and that's one of the reasons.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess one last question. In the four power markets that you are looking at, has there been any change in kind of hedging value or forward sale value for New England Power, if you sell full requirements versus selling as available?
Leo Denault: We haven't ventured into  given the nature of our plants, Dan, any kind of shape or full requirements type of transactions associated with that. We're still by and large still on a blocks powered, base load, on a unit contingent basis out of those plants going forward. The strategic issues that Wayne talked about a little bit ago, part of the thinking around those always does gravitate back to is there a way that you could provide different products and service firmer products or shaped products with complementary assets or what have you. But currently, with the existing fleet it's on the same basis it has been.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: But I guess I was trying to revert back into that question, which was how much pricing power do you see or how much pricing advantage will you see if you get offered a shape product relative to what you are selling today?
Leo Denault: At the moment, we don't see enough to have justified any of the investments we have to make to be able to provide that product. So I guess that's the way we would look at it is  up against an investment in a different asset or construction of a combustion turbine or acquisition of power at a price that would allow us to do that. And how to pay off at the rate of return we haven't seen any of those opportunities yet, but we continue to look at them. As Wayne said, there's a lot of them out there and actually, the flow of that kind of activity has picked up over the course of the last, I'd say, six months or so.
Dan Eggers  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Wayne Leonard: Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session today. Ms. Lopiccolo, I'll turn the conference back over to you for additional or closing remarks.
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you, operator. And thanks to you all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 3884569. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our conference call today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives:
- : Wayne Leonard - Chairman and CEO Leo Denault - CFO Rick Smith - President and COO Gary Taylor - Group President, Utility Operations
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your patience in holding. Good day to everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Michele Lopiccolo:  Good morning and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne?
Wayne Leonard:  Good morning. I will start with what's in the news most these days, the New Orleans Saints are going to the Super Bowl. At least that's what's in the news down here. For most of you and what's most relevant to our discussion of course is Vermont Yankee. An official statement on January 27, Governor Douglas indicated recent events of Vermont Yankee and raised many questions that need answers and actions before any decisions on the spin off or license renewal can be made in Vermont. Those events include the finding of tritium in groundwater monitoring well on the plant site as well as conflicting information provided to state officials about the existence and extent of underground piping that carries radionuclides at Vermont Yankee. In addition to the timeouts in order to allow investigations to be completed Governor Douglas called for Entergy to make immediate necessary changes in management to begin the process of restoring trust and credibility. The Governor also indicated that he can no longer ask legislatures to vote this year on the issue of who should be allowed to decide the request for license renewal. First, let me say Entergy Corporation and the Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee management team take with utmost seriousness the responsibility to provide complete and accurate information to regulators and other stakeholders. In conversations with Governor Douglas, I made a personal commitment to not only resolve the known inconsistencies but also to seek out and find any and all discrepancies or less than clear information supplied by anyone in this process and correct the record. This is how Entergy operates. We will be both thorough and fully transparent in our investigation and findings and we will restore trust and credibility with our stakeholders. The inconsistencies that the Governor is referring to pertain to information provided by Entergy underground piping systems in the reliability assessment that was performed and finalized as required by law by the Vermont Public Service Board in the fourth quarter of 2008. The questions extend to a review of the report findings made in the first half of 2009 and may have influenced the contractor's final report that was presented to the legislature. A comprehensive internal investigation conducted by an independent council is now under way to get to the bottom of this matter. I cannot comment on all matters related to the ongoing investigation but I can tell you what I know that is already in the public record as it now stands. The report by the state contractor was issued on December 22, 2008 and indicated that there were no underground pipes carrying radioactive nuclides. At the same time, the report referenced 14 makes of documentation provided by Entergy that clearly indicated there were such pipes. To my knowledge while we commented on the report we did not note the discrepancy between the report findings and the data that we had provided about three months earlier in September of 2008. In January 2009 about a month after the report was the first issued, we submitted a response to a discovery request that indicated no such pipes existed now or in the past. That response was not accurate. It has been corrected and refiled. In May 2009, an Entergy executives testified in a hearing on the state's report that he didn't think we had any such pipes but he would get back to them. He did not get back to them. He has issued a public apology and made clear he failed to provide full and complete information he either on the witness stand or by failing to get back to them. He has been permanently relieved of his duties in Vermont and placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of the full investigation. There are other allegations or statements that had been made in the press about what Entergy may have said or not said. Those are all part of the investigation process which is examining computer records, emails, calendars, notebooks, prep notes, of any and all of those involved including the attorneys who represented company witnesses in the proceedings. In a letter to David O'Brien, Rick Smith also pledged the company will cooperate fully with the investigation of this matter and assist the state's independent inspection of the applicable piping systems. Meanwhile, work of a multi-disciplined technical team continues to investigate the treat a matter leaving no stone unturned and wasting no time on the clock. Based on the experience of the United States nuclear plants and an industry wide program Entergy has paid significant attention to this issue in the past and we will continue to do so. The concentration level of tritium in well dug exactly for that purpose of finding any potential leaks in a timely fashion has varied. And over the weekend, we observed the first reading just above the threshold level requiring regular regulatory reporting. It is important to note that there have been no elevated tritium level found in any drinking water well samples. The existence of tritium in threshold level does not present a risk to public health and safety. We continue to believe Vermont Yankee represents a vital source of clean economical power that is safe, secure and reliable. It is a model plant in many respects. We do not comment on specific ratings of specific plants but Vermont Yankee is among the elite in operating performance. Further, we remain unwavering in our belief that Vermont Yankee should continue operations for at least another 20 years beyond March 2012. For that to happen, the plant has to be safe. And we will resolve questions related to that issue in the coming weeks. Secondly, it has to be profitable. And today it is simply not covering its cost of capital. In an effort to advance the license renewal process in the legislature, in December, an excess submitted a letter to the Vermont Public Service Board of its notice of intent to file a proposed power purchase agreement. The letter outlined the terms of the expected offer where by Vermont Yankee will offer the two Vermont utilities the opportunity to exchange their 55% interest in the existing ten-year value sharing arrangement for a new 115-megawatt 20-year power purchase agreement. Using the department of public service recently approved wholesale price forecasts, this would be a below market PPA which provide a benefit of approximately $500 million. Further more, the benefit of the PPA would be over $800 million if the PPA were to be replaced with new renewable sources of power that have similar carbon emission as Vermont Yankee. Add in retention of 650 high quality jobs plus local and state revenues an estimated total economic benefits to the state quickly exceed the billion dollars mark year period. Despite the current turmoil, which I clearly acknowledge was of our own making and should never have happened, when all is said and done, the results of an independent and thorough investigation and corrective actions that will be put in place should comfort the legislature and the Vermont Public Service Board to look beyond our miss steps and focus on what is in the long-term best interests of the citizens of Vermont. Particularly, the economic benefits and excess of a billion dollars and the value of a proven, safe, secure, reliable and clean source of power, a plant with an exemplary operating record. While Vermont Yankee's license expires in 2012, March of 2012, we do not have anywhere near that long to make decisions on the future of Vermont Yankee. Key dates for substantial commitments may occur as early as the second quarter of 2011. The Governor has clearly put the ball in our court now. And we will do everything possible to give it back to Vermont as soon as possible, so no action doesn't result in the decision by default. Next, let's turn to the spend. It should come as surprise that positively resolving in the spin off is a top priority of the company. We continue to believe that executing the spin is the best path forward for all stakeholders since we last met at EEI, the NRCD determined good cause had been shown and in January extended the approval to execute the spin off to August 1 of this year. In Vermont, the company responded to data requests submitted by the Vermont Public Service Board in response to an earlier memorandum of understanding reached with the Vermont department of public service resolving outstanding issues. Of course, that was before Governor Douglas directed the department of public service to request a stay in the proceeding until Entergy resolved his current concerns about Entergy. In New York, remaining milestones outlined in the ALJ procedural schedule were concluded. The procedural schedule established by the New York ALJ support potential decision by the New York commission that in February 11th meeting many of you have asked what actions we might consider in the event we receive a decision from the New York public service commission substantially different than what we were seeking. Given where we are in the proceeding and the wide range of possible outcomes, we simply won't speculate on any specific what ifs. However, once the New York commission acts, I can say that our Board of Directors has already committed to a timely schedule for briefing, evaluation and assessment on what comes next. An acceptable outcome in New York moves us back to Vermont to determine the ultimate path forward for the spin off. Even with or without Vermont Yankee a path with an acceptable Vermont outcome by the end of the first quarter enables Entergy to promptly undertake during the second quarter the remaining activities to establish an excess nitrogen separate from Entergy. A path without Vermont would extend the time to spin into the second half of this year. If the New York ruling, however, simply does not support moving forward in the best interest of our stakeholders we'll take decisive actions to synergies and implement other plans to capture maximum benefits over time some of which could be achieved in the near term with others requiring more time. In all cases, the board will also evaluate the appropriate course of action for the dividend which has remaned unchanged since July of 2007 pending the spin off. You may also recall last October the board authorized the $750 million share repurchase program that will be considered for immediate implementation along with any changes in the dividend payout. Now, let's turn to a discussion other notable events during the quarter and a discussion of other 2010 goals. I will continue with Entergy nuclear. The fleet continued its outstanding performance during the fourth quarter running at an approximate 99% capacity factor. Our new Entergy nuclear Chief Executive and Chief Nuclear Officer, John Herron took over the top box on December 1st upon the retirement of Mike Kansler. Many of you know Mike well. Mike made in-valuable contributions showing Entergy in 1998 and planned well ahead to an orderly succession by selecting and developing an outstanding leader and operator prepared and eager to continue the record of achievement set by Mike, Gary Taylor, Jerry Yelverton and Don Hintz before him. Mike remains involved in the consulting role to ensure an efficient transition and in particular to assist in efforts related to the spin-off and license renewal at Indian point. John Herron who is on the call with us this morning previously served as Entergy's Senior Vice President for nuclear operations, handling the operational side of the entire fleet bringing capability factors up to record levels. He has been the area parent to Mike for some time to there in the same mold as Mike cancel his predecessors. I am sure he will enjoy visiting with him at future investor conferences. In other matters, Entergy nuclear was pleased to report its agreed to extend its nuclear services agreement with the Nebraska Public Power District's Cooper Nuclear Station for an additional 15 years. Nebraska Public Power decision to extend the agreement was based on the significant improvements in regulatory and operational performance realized since the beginning of the agreement in 2003 when Entergy took over operations. The support service contract is a model for the industry demonstrating the fleet leverage that can add value and assist single unit or single site operators. The contract is also an example of the opportunities John Herron will continue to pursue in his role as CEO designate of EquaGen. Regarding goals for 2010, the commitment to safety, security and operational excellence in the nuclear fleet remains at the forefront followed by license renewal. We're expecting license renewal from the NRC in 2010 for both Vermont Yankee and Pilgrim. You may recall that both plants successes fully completed the NRC license renewal process including obtaining favorable rulings and hearings before the atomic safety licensing board. In both processes appeals were ultimately filed with the NRC, by Pilgrim watch for the pill grim renewal and the New England coalition for the Yankee renewal. Those appeals remain outstanding. At Indian Point activities will continue in 2010 consistent with the NRC schedule targeting a 2011 decision on license renewal. We were encouraged by the final energy plan recently adopted by the New York State Energy Planning Board. That plan incorporated modifications to the original draft that was somewhat dismissive of the magnitude of the problem of replacing Indian Point in New York with other sources of power. The report acknowledged that the Indian Point Energy Center is important from a reliability perspective due to critical voltage support provided to the New York City Hudson valley regions and further explains the risk the retirement of the Indian Point Energy Center would present and substantial trade offs such as higher electric prices and Co2 emissions. In the new addition to the final plan, the report goes a step further and acknowledges that further studies must be done in order to ascertain the potential impacts of not having the Indian Point Energy Center on the ability to transfer power to down state load areas, the transfer capability and transmission system into the area, reactive power sources in lower Hudson valley and overall sensor reliability. We agree and of course, we do have a strong point of view on what objective analysis of dividends of these issues will demonstrate. Turning to the utility, constructive regulatory outcomes dominated the quarter. Entergy Texas concluded storm recovery for hurricanes Gustav and Ike following successful issuances of $545.9 million of securitization bonds in November. In Louisiana, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana entered into a black box stipulation agreement with the Louisiana Public Service Commission staff that allows total recoverable storm costs for hurricanes Gustav and Ike of $627.9 million including carrying charges through June 15, 2010. That represents over 98% of the Company's requests. Further, staff and the Companies agreed when act 55 financing is accomplished. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will also establish securitized storm reserves in a collective amount of $290 million, bringing the total amount to be securitized to just under $700 million. Recall that the Louisiana Company's previously accessed nearly $220 million from funded storm reserves shortly after damage from the hurricanes. That's how you get to the $700 million number. Also, at the end of the year Entergy Texas continued to push forward in its 15 year quest to actually earn a fair return on its investment in order to continue to attract capital to support the substantial investments that's greatly improved reliability and customer service in Texas, since the acquisition of Gulf States utilities in the mid-90s. For example, in the two years between April 2007 and June 2009, Entergy Texas completed $376.5 million in capital projects to improve and maintain transmission and distribution systems. Over $600 million of projects are planned for the next three years bringing the company's infrastructure investments to $1.6 billion since 1999 alone. In addition, there is much more to the $198.7 million rate request than improving and maintaining the infrastructure. A large portion of the request should be indisputable, simply recovery of purchase power to meet customer usage. There is no profit on these purchases for the company and we have no mechanism to keep the company whole for these out lays at the present time. The rate case provides a rider to recover these costs consistent with protection and for law for prudently incurred costs on behalf of customers. In addition, the company is proposing a more streamlined rate making process while still providing for full regulatory oversized by the PUCT. Entergy Texas has proposed a cost of service adjustment or coast rider similar to the mechanism used by the railroad commission regulating gas utilities in Texas and the formula rate plan mechanisms in place of other Entergy operating company. This would serve to mitigate the need what has been near back to back full rate filings and litigation before the commission. This rate case will also serve to establish the baseline value to be used in future annual updates to the transmission costs recovery rider authorized by the legislature for Entergy Texas last year. Entergy Texas is negotiating with the parties to develop a procedural schedule that will provide for a commission decision before the end of 2010. In Mississippi, a second fuel audit undertaken at the request of the commission thoroughly investigated Entergy Mississippi's fuel and purchased energy costs. The audit result was very positive as it did not recommend that any costs be disallowed. The port did suggest that some costs, in fact less than 1% of the 1.6, 6 billion in fuel and purchased energy during the audit period may have been more recently charged to customers through base rates rather than through fuel charged. More importantly, the report did not suggest the customers should not have paid for those costs. These audit findings are consistent with an earlier commission ordered audit that found to a great degree of energy, fuel, transmission rights in access and other related project products are purchased on integrated basis meaning system wide at the lowest overall cost to all utility subsidiaries. For 2010, the utility has its usual full regulatory agenda. And let me assure you that continue to work on this spend is not deflecting any attention or commitment away from achieving these important objectives. The top priority is to ensure each company has a real opportunity to earn fair Rowes that are comparable to alternative investments. You may recall that the Louisiana utility operating companies obtained constructive outcomes in 2009 with Entergy New Orleans entering into a definitive settlement agreement last spring and Entergy Louisiana and Entergy bell states Louisiana agreeing to extend formula rate plans last fall. Both Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana will continue efforts to obtain a rider to recover the costs of incremental investments in the transmission system. Despite obtaining a right increase in 2009, Entergy Mississippi will continue to under earn its allowed Rowe, absent implementing modifications being sought to its formula rate plan or reducing the quality of service to its customers. And that we will not do. Simply put due to its particular cost structure and investment needs, Entergy Mississippi doesn't have the same return on capital opportunity as other Mississippi utility. It competes with for capital to service customers. Current base rates are also inadequate for Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Texas with those seeking fair and reasonable outcomes in 2010 for rate cases initiated in 2009. Yesterday, Entergy Arkansas initiated a filing to pursue securitization of the 2009 ice storm as an alternative to the base rate recovery request in its rate based filing. You may recall our securitization bill was enacted last year in Arkansas, for any major storm from January 1, 2009, forward. A prudent decision considering another ice storm struck Arkansas just last week. Fortunate the ice storm did far less damage than originally forecasted. Nonetheless Entergy Arkansas was well prepared for the storm and has restored power as of yesterday to all the related 30,000 customer outages. In other regulatory matters in Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expect to close the book on hurricanes Gustav and Ike but by executing storm securitization financing, before the peak storm season begins next summer. In addition, Entergy Louisiana expects to conclude its cost recovery efforts associated with the Little Gypsy project will also taking necessary steps to gain approval for the Acadia power plant acquisition announced last October. The portfolio transformation strategy also remains a high priority, focused on both generation and transmission solutions. The utility operating companies will continue efforts to enhance the RFP process. Considering market opportunities and system needs and will press forward on efforts to resolve outstanding issues associated with the system agreement. In fact, FERC has already acted to remove the uncertainties resulting from the differences of opinion on the issue of continuing obligations under the system agreement. In November ruling, FERC accepted notices of cancellations determining Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi are permitted to withdraw from the system agreement following the 96 month notice period without payment of any exit fee or being required to otherwise compensate remaining operating companies as a result of their withdrawal. Rehearing requests for this ruling from the Louisiana Public Service Commission and the city of council of New Orleans are pending before FERC. Turning to transmission, utility operating companies working closely with the newly formed Entergy Regional State Committee, the ERSC, to determine the appropriate path forward following expiration of the independent coordinator of transmission approval this November. Again, that's the Entergy Regional State Committee and that's a mouthful, so we will refer to it as the ERSC and you can probably expect to hear that many times in the coming months and they will be very active. In a filing with the FERC last November, the utility operating companies indicated that the two primary alternatives under consideration were adoption of certain modifications to the current ICT arrangements or transition to membership in the SPP RTO. A critical factor in our proposal will be the opinion and recommendation of the ERSC. We expect the ERSC will rely heavily on the cost benefit analysis being jointly sponsored by both the ERSC and FERC comparing the current ICT arrangement to joining SPP. That analysis is anticipated to be finalized during the third quarter this year. In addition, the ERSC is currently considering potential modifications to the ICT arrangement including among others providing the ERSC with authority upon the unanimous vote to propose modifications to cost allocation policy for transmission upgrades and the ability to add projects to the operating company's transmission construction plan. Given the timing required to complete this work, an extension of the ICT for some period will likely be required under either scenario being considered. If the SPP RTO is ultimately deemed the preferred alternative, SPP has indicated the implementation process may take at least 12 to 18 months after the decision is made. Before closing, I would like to point out one of our proudest accomplishments for 2009. More specifically, it was the safest year in Entergy's history. Yet our employees still aren't satisfied. As they continue their march towards reaching the ultimate goal of targeted zero accidents. And this has been a march. 2009 was no aberration. In seven of the last ten years, a new safety record was established. Zero accidents seems like an ideal to some but at Entergy it is our annual goal, persistence, perseverance and awareness are three qualities of an employee whose mind is focused on safety. Likewise, a parallel can be drawn to financial outcomes in 2009. Top quartile shareholder return is not simply a vision but it is our annual goal. In 2009, we not only missed the target, we missed the size of the bar completely to mix metaphors. It was extremely disappointing, particularly in light of how much we've actually accomplished relative to our ongoing goals and that were consistent with our corporate values. Not only was 2009, the safest year in company history but also Entergy was recognized as the best utility safety program in the world by Dow Jones Sustainability Index. 2009 was the second best year on record for reliability of service as defined by outage frequency. 2009 was the best year ever for outlook from our collective nuclear fleet. Vermont Yankee, FitzPatrick, River Bend and Grand Gulf all achieved are on record runs. 2009 was the highest operational earn earnings and reported earnings per share in company history. That's new records in safety, operational excellence and profitability. But even given all of that, total shareholders returns were stunningly below our expectations and aspirations. We still believe we're focused on the right things, the things that drive success and sustainability. Obviously, we still have things to accomplish and to prove, not just in Vermont but to all of you. And we will. Now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne and good morning everyone. In my remarks today I will cover fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results. Our cash performance for the quarter and year-to-date periods and a review of our 2010 earnings guidance including some comments on the quarterly build up. Looking first at our financial results for the quarter, slide 2 shows an increase in fourth quarter 2009 as reported in operational earnings compared to one year ago. The increase came as a result of higher earnings at Utility Parent & Other as well as the non-nuclear wholesale business partially offset by lower results at Entergy Nuclear. Operational earnings continue to exclude special items related to the plan 4 spin off for incremental dis-synergies at Entergy Nuclear in 2009 and outside service expenses at the Parent in 2008 and 2009. The third special item impacted 2008 results at each of the business segments resulting from the change in the fully diluted EPS calculation that we described in our fourth quarter 2008 earnings release due to the unsuccessful remarketing of the equity units earlier this year. In reviewing the overall quarterly results, two factors stand out. We saw positive sales trends in all utility customer classes and the non-utility nuclear fleet had a near perfect run for the second quarter in a row. Slide 3 presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results in more detail. Starting with Entergy Nuclear the non-utility nuclear fleet delivered a solid quarter, posting a 99% capacity factor. However, results were down versus fourth quarter of 2008 due primarily to higher income taxes. An increase in non-fuel O&M expense also contributed to the lower earnings consistent with a quarter with no refueling outages. Higher taxes were associated with a net effect of consolidated tax adjustments in 2009 compared to 2008. Entergy Nuclear received a significant benefit from the annual allocation last year. These adjustments typically made in the fourth quarter of each year net to zero on a consolidated basis. Looking at operational results on a pretax basis, Entergy Nuclear's earnings increased by approximately $70 million versus the fourth quarter of 2008 or nearly 30% quarter over quarter. The factors driving this improvement in pretax income were higher net revenue due to higher pricing and higher production as a result of no scheduled refueling outages in the current quarter and higher other income including realized earnings on decommissioning trust investments. Also contributing to the increase in other income was a smaller decommissioning impairment in the current quarter. Next at non-nuclear wholesale asset business, fourth quarter 2009 earnings were higher compared to last year. Tax benefits were the primary drivers in both periods. Now turning to Utility, Parent and Other operational earnings in the fourth quarter of 2009, exceeded results last year. The major drivers for the higher earnings were lower income tax expense, a decline in non-fuel operation and maintenance expense due primarily to the absence of regulatory charges at Entergy Arkansas in 2008 and higher utility net revenue. With regard to tax expense, the primary factor producing the lower expense was the net effect of consolidated tax adjustments. Again these adjustments were made across the Entergy companies and net to zero on a consolidated basis. The lower income tax expense was also due to the absence of flow through effects of last year's regulatory charges previously noted and a favorable tax reserve adjustment in the current quarter based on a private letter ruling from a Louisiana taxing authority on securitization of hurricanes Katrina and Rita costs. Turning to sales, you will notice on table 4 of our earnings release, retail sales grew by 5% on a weather adjusted basis. Slide 4 shows the monthly trends in retail build sales since December 2008 for the utility in total and by customer class. Each data point represents the rolling three month change in usage compared to the prior year adjusted for weather. We have seen a steady improvement in utility sales in 2009, that's the red line, particularly in the industrial segment which is the blue line. As you know, however, a portion of this growth in 2009 is due to the recovery from hurricanes Gustav and Ike, last September. Slide 5 shows the same information adjusted for the hurricane effects. Two key points can be taken from this slide. First, after adjusting for hurricanes, industrial sales declined about 1% compared to fourth quarter of 2008, a significant improvement from the 7% drop at the end of September. This improvement in the most recent quarter was led by large industrial customers, particularly in the hardest hit chemicals and refining sectors. Second, weather adjusted residential sales growth the green line, turned positive around the middle of the year ending the fourth quarter at 1.5% above last year on a weather and hurricane adjusted basis. While, it's certainly too early to say the risks further economic contraction is over, we're encouraged by the steady improvement utility sales for all of our customers classes through most of 2009. Given the strong finish to last year, we now project 2010 retail sales growth between 2.5 and 3% excluding industrial expansions and 4.5% when you add the expansions in. Moving to full year results slide 6 compares as reported and operational earnings in 2009 to 2008. Higher earnings at utility parent and other and the non-nuclear wholesale generation business were partially offset by lower results at Entergy nuclear. On an operational basis 2009 earnings ended the year at $6.67 per share, up 2.5% over 2008. The main drivers for this increase were higher net revenue including the absence of customer outages resulting from Gustav and Ike last year and results of rate actions as well as higher other income. Items providing a partial offset include an increase in other than temporary impairments on decommissioning trust investments, higher non-fuel O&M and depreciation expense, which was partially offset by the absence of the regulatory charges of Entergy Arkansas in 2008 and higher income tax expense. Looking more closely at the factors that drove the year-over-year changes at each of the segments, utility parent and other earnings increased in 2009 due primarily to an increase in net revenue for the reasons noted before. The absence of regulatory charged in Entergy Arkansas 2008 and a lower effective income tax rate. Higher depreciation and amortization expense due to increased planted and service partially offset these items. For Entergy nuclear earnings fell primarily due to a higher effective income tax rate driven by the net effects of consolidated tax adjustments discussed earlier and increase in O&M expense and increase in impairments decommissioning trust investments. Results for the non-nuclear wholesale asset business were higher in 2009 compared to last year due primarily to lower income tax expense. Slide seven provides a recap of our cash flow performance this quarter, which shows an increase compared to the same period last year. Operating cash flow was nearly $300 million higher due to the absence in the current quarter of the negative effects of Gustav and Ike in 2008, higher net revenue at the utility and Entergy nuclear and a decrease in refueling outage costs and lower working capital requirements also at Entergy nuclear. These were partially offset by lower deferred fuel collections at the utility. For the year 2009, operating cash flow was down by approximately $400 million. This is due primarily to the absence of just under $1 billion of securitization proceeds in Louisiana received in 2008 for hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Other factors largely at the utility provided a partial offset. Slide eight details our 2010 earnings guidance, which we are affirming today. 2010 guidance ranges from $6.40 to $7.20 per share on an operational basis and $6.15 to $6.95 on an as reported basis. Guidance assumes businesses usual operation for the full year, operational earnings guidance and also excludes $0.25 per share in special items associated with the planned spin-off. The details shown on slide 8 should be familiar to you as it is not changed, since we initiated guidance last October. In keeping with past practice we have however, adjusted a few line items in the utility, parent and other section to reflected 2009 actual results. As a reminder earnings guidance ranges for utility, parent and other now include the non-nuclear wholesale assets business. We will be reporting actual results in this manner in our earnings releases starting next quarter. One last point on earnings guidance relates to the build up on a quarterly basis as reflected on slide 9. Key events to keep in mind, when considering the quarters, the estimated increase in utility net revenue includes an expected decision in Arkansas, which is assumed to go into effect in mid year in our guidance. The estimated decrease in net revenue at Entergy nuclear includes lower volume due to one additional refueling outages. Four refueling outages are planned this year, two in the fall and two in the spring compared to three in the spring of 2009. Entergy nuclear's results in 2009 included $0.24 per share of impairments mostly in the second quarter. Share repurchases of $750 million are assumed to occur ratably in guidance resulting a backend loaded accretion effect, purchases under this program will be dependent on the timing of the spin. Finally, tax items are lumpy by nature and significant tax benefits in 2009 were realized in the second and the fourth quarters. One last comment before closing, as many of you may have noted, we did not include longer term forward-looking information in our release at this time. Given where we are in the spin-off process we'll defer until the appropriate time any discussion on post spin outlooks such as financial aspirations, earnings and/or EBITDA for each company on a standalone basis and other similar forward-looking information. However, both the utility and nuclear businesses continue to have fundamental operational and strategic opportunities to create value and drive growth regardless of the spin-off. Let me assure you have not lost site on these objectives. And now the Entergy senior team is available for your questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open, sir.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: My question relates to the comments you made around the timing of completing the spin and Vermont and the need to rebuild, trust and your investigation. I think you said that, you would hope to get things done, if you were going to go forward with Vermont in the second quarter. Do you see and when do you anticipate the investigation into what's going on there being completed and how do you reconcile getting things done on that kind of timeframe with you just everything that would have to be completed between now and then?
Wayne Leonard: The investigation has was initiated well before, not well before but before the Governor asked for, we on our own a core, we took that action given what we already knew. Tomorrow, I will get a full briefing of where we're at on the investigations. I think that investigation is actually drawing to a close with regard to all of our own people and our own information. Of course, we are not at liberty at this point in time to seek out all the information that everyone else has that might be involved in the process, which might be very helpful to a complete investigation, but all of our own people and all of our own data records and all of those have been I think virtually complete and it's a matter of assimilating all of the information and enter a report, which again I will restarting, we have all day tomorrow reserved for an update on that. The TDM issue itself like I said is (inaudible) all this and our people this is one of the things that we're really, really add as field operator, we can put a lot of people with a lot of experience who have seen a lot of different things on this and develop some pretty good plans and point ourselves in some pretty good directions on where and how this could happen and that's what's happening. We're not in certainly in a position at this point in time to say that we know, but we have very good leads and we're narrowing it down pretty quickly. I don't think that will be a hindrance either. So we hope, we're hopeful that in the next few, I don't really want to say days, but in the next few weeks that we will be able to present results in Vermont on where we're at and that will satisfy them that their worst fears are not real and we have taken care of the problems and the steps that we have and it won't happen again.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. If I may ask one other. Thanks for the additional color on the pace of the sales improvement within the utilities. Is it safe to assume that in the next couple of months beyond December you have continued to see the same kind of rate of improvement that we had going on in the fourth quarter, as you get the last few weeks number there is?
Wayne Leonard: Go ahead, Gary.
Gary Taylor: Jonathan, it is Gary Taylor. Yes, we would. I mean, I think if you look at how our projections turned out after of this last year, we were very close to our plan and based on the things that we have seen, we're encouraged as we continue to see growth in exports and inventory rebuilding, auto sales kind of return to normal of our residential growth as you have seen in all the classes. And so yes, I think we're very as Leo said feel very, very comfortable that the projections we have are quite accurate.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Leslie Rich with Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Actually, just wanted to follow-up on that a little bit. Leo, in your prepared remarks I thought, I heard you say that industrial sales were down 1% in the fourth quarter versus fourth quarter of '08. If you adjusted for weather and hurricanes, is that what you said?
Leo Denault: Yes.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay. So the 5% weather adjusted increase in sales does not take into consideration the hurricanes?
Leo Denault: It doesn't net the hurricanes out, right.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay. Okay. Just want a clarification on that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll next go to Glen Rock Associates, Paul Patterson. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: I was wondering if you can give us a flavor if I guess worst case scenario the plant shuts down with the ongoing expense level, we should expect during that kind of process? In other words, you guys won't be getting revenues, but what will happen to the expense line will it go down or how should we think about that in the event there is a shutdown in Vermont Yankee?
Wayne Leonard: How should we think about that in the event that there this is a shutdown of Vermont Yankee. I will let Rick answer that, but we keep in mind, like I said that right now Vermont Yankee is not covering its costs of capital. Over the next two years it is projected to lose money on the net income line. So from an economic perspective that's a pretty big number when you're having a net income loss and you're not covering any return on your cost of capital, which is a real expense. So in the absence of a PPA that greatly changes that situation. There is virtually no impact on Entergy at that point in time. To kind of put it bluntly without some changes in the PPA, it's fairly clear that Vermont has more to lose here than we do. This is a very valuable resource in Vermont and I expect that we will come to an agreement given that fact. But the option of it not shutting it down is very distasteful. We have a lot of employees up there that do an excellent job. It is a terrific plant. It would be a great loss to society as a whole to shut that plant down, but from a financial standpoint without some changes for Entergy it wouldn't be make much difference in the bottom line, Rick.
Rick Smith: Well, I think that's the bottom line, not much effect on really whether it be ETR or in excess, it's not a significant contributor to the overall financial results to shut the plant down. I mean, we have to demobilize the site we have to deal with fuel that's in the core and unloading it. And we'll have to look at the capital plan, because everything that we have been focused onto date has been that plant runs past 2012. So..
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Just to clarify this, if I understand your statements correctly. The revenue decrease from not getting producing any power will be offset from the operational savings and not having to produce that power. Is that how we should think about it, as opposed to the costs of, doing all the things you are talking about when you actually shutdown the plant, all the cleanup and the work that has to continue there. The offset from not producing the power would more than offset that so we shouldn't see a negative impact from lack of revenues coming out there, because you will save it on the call side.
Rick Smith: It's just not significant one way or another. I mean until we can get there, it's hard to say if it is a small negative or a small positive.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. When I was on the third quarter conference call, I asked you guys about the need to get some sort of clarifications on this issue from the state legislature and you guys indicated that I believe my understanding was that this legislative session would be key because in the absence of a decision it would make you have to come up with tough decisions in the spring of this year. Now, it sounds like that has been moved back to 2011. What's caused the change there? Is it because of things, what kind of activities have you taken I guess to make that less of an issue?
Rick Smith: Well, we're working through all of those issues right now, Paul, as you can imagine just unfolded in the last couple of weeks. So it would be much more easier from a planning perspective, operating this plant going forward or shutting it down if we had an answer this year. But we have done some additional analysis that we'll have some decisions to make throughout the year, but we have a little more window that gets us into 11 but that's not our preference. That creates some uncertainties and some costs that we'll have to work through this year.
Paul Patterson - Glen Rock Associates: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from (inaudible) with Bank of America. Your line is open, sir.
Unidentified Analyst: With respect to Vermont Yankee just quick question, if we look at your whole nuclear fleet and the average costs of your nuclear fleet, I would assume that Vermont Yankee's costs per unit are well above the average of the fleet just because it is a single unit. Is that correct?
Wayne Leonard: Everybody is nodding. I think that's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then one other separate question on the share buyback. A sounded like from your comments you have not done any of the 750 million as of to date, the 750 million buyback? Thats how you?
Wayne Leonard: Steve, we report that on a quarterly basis, so I can't really comment on what we have or haven't done but certainly by the end of the year, that's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Wayne Leonard: This is a fourth quarter discussion. I know it is February but that's the reporting period that we're talking about, so we'll report that on a quarterly basis just like we always have and through the end of 2009, that is correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Maybe then I will just ask, I think Wayne made a comment that after we get a decision on the spin either way in New York, the board would decide kind of what to do and mention the dividend and executing on the share buyback, so I thought that implied I guess, I would just clarify what that implied, then?
Wayne Leonard: Well, at that point in time given where we stand in New York, given where we're at in Vermont, the corporate strategy and alternatives that we have kind of mimic the spin value and the alternative investment strategies that might be available if you went a different route. Then we're going currently on the spend, all needs to be put back on the table and a consistent financial strategy developed with the corporate strategy which might be modified somewhat, given maybe the spin would not take place, we would go a different route. I know that sounds scripted but if you, kind of think through what we described as an alternative plan, it does open up some other possibilities for investments or other things along the way and we need to make sure that we're using the money in the best possible way, whether it is the dividend or the buyback. And the board will make sure that those are integrated well together and in particular that we're managing the overall risk of the company and putting the capital to the best use.
Operator: Our next question is from (inaudible) with First New York. Your line is open, sir. Welcome.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, guys. Just two clarifications. Just back on the dividend/stock buyback, just to understand the timing. I guess assuming the next two weeks, forget the exact date but I think it is February 11, you get a final order from New York state commission, if it is not in your favor or whatever the case, you just, you still want to go ahead with the spend, when will we actually hear from on you this dividend and stock buyback?
Wayne Leonard: That's a tough question to speculate on at this point in time. We have a board retreat coming up here at the end of March. We have a schedule set with the board to brief them immediately upon getting the decision from New York and then we a follow-up meeting which will provide analysis, recommendations, things of that nature which would occur before the retreat. But actually our expectation is that at the board retreat in late March, these major decisions will be discussed face-to-face and hopefully decided at that point in time. But the board again may or may not be in the mood to make those decisions at that point in time depending upon, again just how cut-and-dried the alternatives are and the points of view that we have in the room and any information we may need to follow up on. But that's probably...
Unidentified Analyst:  But if New York state just comes out and rejects it so it is cut and dry, we still won't hear until the March, April timeframe from your board?
Wayne Leonard: As to the dividend and the buyback?
Unidentified Analyst: What your next step is?
Wayne Leonard: Well, again, I don't want to speculate on what the board will be comfortable with saying at that point in time. Because what we're not looking at a strategy of packing it up and giving in and just move - and move it on. We're looking at alternatives to capture the value that is lost today and would be lost if the spend is not approved. So that may take some time for the board to decide which one of those is the best course of action. And again I don't want to speculate with regard to how long it may take the board to do that and again the financial strategy needs to be married up with the corporate strategy and that may take a little while.
Unidentified Analyst: Is it possible that your stock buyback since it is authorized could start or have started before we hear from the board? If so, you authorized it, so just not sure based on Leo's comments about fourth quarter and all of that I think the question kind of what you can tell us.
Wayne Leonard: I mean, it is possible. It is authorized. It is unlikely given if the spin is not approved that we would go forward without consulting with the board and a great deal of comfort at that meeting that the board believes they have enough information to move forward on one piece of the overall strategy. Again, given the fact that we are as close as we are to February 11th, we will be in close contact with the board on everything we do. At this point in time, it doesn't mean like I said that they might not make some decisions without making the full decisions because they are just obvious to everyone, but so it is possible.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Just one really quick question on Vermont Yankee. I don't know if you guys read the report but there was a report out within the last week by a sell-side guy kind of outlining the earnings implications of Vermont Yankee. And if I am not mistaken the numbers are somewhat different than what the year implies. So he had some type of earnings statement. I don't know if it was $0.20 or says $0.30 but are you basically saying that a closure of Vermont Yankee is earnings neutral because of the economics of the plant at this point?
Wayne Leonard: I will let Leo can hit that. I think it was based upon the expectation that have Vermont Yankee would go to market or something close to market for the prices.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I understand. Okay. It is based on market not based on your current revenue stream from it?
Wayne Leonard: Or what we're being led to believe they're willing to pay.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Welcome, sir. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is (inaudible) in for Michael Lapides. Quick question regarding the utility. Are there any jurisdictions where we can expect to see a structural change in how the rate making process works? For example, Mississippi the subsidiary got the ability for forward test years reducing lag, that's a pretty significant structural change. Where can we expect other structural changes in regulations? 
Gary Taylor: This is Gary again. First we don't have that approved in Mississippi. That is what we filed in September and we're hopeful that will come out. If you really look at the really two case, if you look to Arkansas and Texas. We're really trying to move Arkansas to what we believe is a more streamlined effect make more clearer with riders and FRP, so that is a structural change from a base case and as Wayne talked about in his script significant movement in Texas again as far as streamlining as to the coast, the cost of service that we talked about that's a rider similar to what's already there and a transmission cost recovery rider and a competitive generation tariff rider, so we also in Louisiana are looking to come up with a transmission rider, Wayne alluded to that in his script. That's fundamentally what we see on the horizon here what we're filing and we believe that would make things clearer in a definitely a lot more efficient for the investors and as well as attracting capital to meet our reliability goals.
Unidentified Analyst: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes the question-and-answer-Session today. At this time, Michele Lopiccolo, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you operator and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for safe harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 6584600. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I'd like to turn the call over to Michele Lopiccolo of Investor Relations.
Michele Lopiccolo: Good morning and thank you for joining us, we'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO Wayne Leonard and Leo Denault will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne.
Wayne Leonard: Thanks, Michele. Good morning, we the EEI financial conference rapidly approaching our comments today will be limited to significant events occurring during the third quarter. Next week we have our regularly scheduled board meeting which includes review of the 2010 financial plans, and how they align with other plans, strategies and aspirations. We'll have more to share with you on all of that in the EEI. Today I'll begin with review of the regulatory developments at the utility, since our last update. And overarching objective at our utility operating companies as receiving authorized returns from our regulatory commissions at an appropriate level to attract capital and to maintain solid investment grade credit and then to actually earn those authorized returns. So we have two gaps to close. Generally authorized returns have been below our view of a fair return and we haven't consistently earned even those. To address these issues Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Mississippi initiated new regulatory filings into the quarter. Entergy Texas is preparing a new filing for late this year. And Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana reached and contested settlements in early October that improved their opportunities. You may recall that Entergy New Orleans obtained a constructive rate case settlement last April that that implemented a three-year formula rate plan beginning with the 2009 test year. That's a good start. Here is what is ahead. On September 4, Entergy Arkansas filed a rate case requesting $223 million increase, reflecting an 11.5% ROE and Formula Rate Plan, including mechanisms that provide Entergy Arkansas the ability to actually earn its allowed return. Those mechanisms include midpoint ROE resets with rates changed on a perspective basis where earnings fall outside the prescribed plus or minus 25 basis point bandwidth and provisions addressing timely recovery of commission approved expenditures for certain generation and transmission-related projects. In addition, the proposed FRP includes a recovery and incentive mechanism in alliance to shareholders economic interest with successfully implementing the state's energy efficiency and conservation and objectives. Over the course of the past year the Arkansas commission examined similar concepts in a series of dockets. The preliminary procedural schedule sets the case for hearings to begin in next May with new rates effective in July. Its also noteworthy to point out that even with the proposed rate increase in July Arkansas customers can expect lower bills because other expect reduction such as a significant reduction expected in the rough production cost equalization rider as a result of lower natural gas prices in 2009. On September 18, Entergy Mississippi filed modifications to its Formula Rate Plan, the proposed modifications more closely aligned Entergy Mississippi FRP with FRPs of other regulated Mississippi utilities which were allowed for streamlined review process. These modifications will provide the Entergy Mississippi the same earnings opportunities as the other Mississippi utilities it competes with for capital to serve its customers. Modifications include resetting Entergy Mississippis return to the middle of its bandwidth each year, broadening the current annual rate change limitation or cap and implementing a projected test year concept instead of a historical test year as a sole measure of determining just and reasonable rate levels. Given Entergy Mississippis expected need to make significant transmission related capital expenditures, these changes are critical to provide a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return The proposed modifications are expected to be heard by the Mississippi commission at the same time it is considering rate making for Southern Companys Mississippis subsidiary. Entergy Texas is also planning to file a rate case by the end of the year. In addition to seeking appropriate rate and return levels this filing it will align Entergy Texas provisions contained in a recent legislation that supports the timely recovery of reasonable and necessary expenditures for transmission infrastructure improvements and recovery of wholesale transmission charges. In the interim, on September 18, Entergy Texas filed an application to implement a power cost recovery factor to timely recover purchase power capacity costs for a single-based load contract, recently offered to the Entergy system and projected to save Texas customers $9.5 million to $16 million over three years. Entergy Texas requested this mechanism to recover the capacity costs until such time as the costs reflected at base rates or general rate case or the transaction expires, whichever occurs first. In Louisiana, last week at its business and executive session, the commissioner approved the uncontested settlements related to its formula rate plans for both Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana. The settlements resolved outstanding test year issues related to previous formula rate filings resulted in a total refund of $16.6 million. The settlement also provided for new formula rate plans for the 2008, 2009 and 2010 test years, retaining previous ROE ranges, and incorporating a number of unique recovery provisions, such as, the continuation of capacity rider, pro forma treatment for the (inaudible) Black Star Project, making provisions to reflect wholesale contract expirations in Entergy Gulf States Louisianas retail wholesale allocation, and establish in a placeholder provision to request future cost recovery outside of the FRP for energy efficiency and environmental requirements. Effective with November billing cycle, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana are permitted to reset their rates to achieve their allowed ROEs of 10.65% and 10.25% respectively. 2008 test year filings support cost of service increases in the amounts of $36.9 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and $16.3 million for Entergy Louisiana. Rates are subject to refund pending review of the filings, of course. Further, parties to the settlements committed to work together to attempt to develop a transmission cost recovery rider with a schedule to be set that provides for the LPSC to address this matter at its March 2010 session. A common objective you may have noted among all regulatory commissions is transmission upgrades. And a common concern among all Entergy jurisdictions is timely cost recovery. The utility operating companies recognized that America is in a process of amending certain reliability planning standards, and if approved by FERC, these amendments will result in more stringent planning criteria. These revised planning standards will result in significantly increased expenditures for the utility operating companies. Also in recent weeks and months utility operating companies have engaged in ongoing discussions with FERC and retail regulators regarding its independent coordinator transmission arrangement which is authorized through November 2010. As a result of the transmission discussions, the retail regulators of the utility operating companies formed the Entergy Regional State Committee, what we call the ERSC, to consider these matters jointly in an advisory role, at least initially. Among other things, the ERSC will supervise the cost benefit analysis comparing the ICT arrangement with another alternative becoming part of the [STPRTO]. The utility operating company strongly support the actions of its retail regulators to work collaboratively in order to develop consensus among themselves to provide input on the appropriate direction structure for the operating company's transmission assets and for the guidance on other system-wide transition matters. Another significant regulatory development during the quarter including the resolution of the storm procedure in Texas where settlements were achieved. Entergy Texas reached an unopposed black box settlement and a storm cost recovery proceeding and subsequently reached a unanimous settlement in its financing order docket, both of which were approved by the public utility commission of Texas. Pursuant to the settlements Entergy Texas expects to securitize roughly $540 million including carrying costs of $43.5 million, to a projected October 26 bond issue. Securitization proceeds are net of an estimated $70 million of projected insurance proceeds subject to true-up. Entergy Texas received $75.5 million in September, following resolution of the hurricane Ike claim which will be factored into the final carrying cost calculations when the bonds are sold. In Nuclear, operations continue to record-setting levels. At utility Waterford 3 exceeded 400 days of continuous operations before shutting down in October for their scheduled refueling outage. This notable accomplishment ranks in the top debt file of the industry proposed loss rates. The rare breaker-to-breaker run as they were forced to shut down about a year ago when Gustav came through. You might recall they were chasing the record set by Vermont Yankee and ANO2 which previously had breaker-to-breaker runs. It's rare but at Entergy when they come out of an outage they always expects to go breaker-to-breaker before they go down again. At Entergy Nuclear our non-utility fleet did have a near perfect run this quarter with a capacity factor rounding to 100%. Moreover, Indian Point completed another major milestone during the quarter. I will review the final safety valuation report, the advisory committee on reactor safeguards which reports directly to the NRC commissioners, concluded that the renewal applications should be approved enabling this vital resource to operate for another 20 years. Next steps to official license extension clearly obtain a final supplemental environmental impact statement by February 2010. In addition, significant progress was evident on the proposed spin off with the ultimate resolution now clearly in our line of sight around the end of the year. As you are aware, an amended petition was filed in New York in August further enhancing the financial flexibility and strength of Enexus, while the same time preserving Entergy's legitimate business reasons and financial objectives for pursuing the separation. Following a technical conference in the first half of September, the administrative law judges established a procedural schedule to move the proceeding to an orderly closure that could lead to a commission decision in December. The next date of interest is October 29, when initial comments on the amended petition are due from all parties. In Vermont, a significant milestone was achieved when the department of public service entered into an agreement to settle all issues in the spin off docket has documented in a memorandum of understanding. In the agreement, the department of public service acknowledges that Enexus agreements and obligations and MOU will provide material benefits to Vermont and on that basis shall recommend to the Vermont public service board that it approve the MOU and issue the final order for the spin off. As a result and in view of the substantial passage of time since filing briefs, Entergy Vermont Yankee requested the Vermont public service board expedite its final consideration of the transaction and issue its decision in final order approving the transactions by mid-November. In other procedural matters [boards] approved the emitted spin off application filed in August. Enexus also filed its fourth amendment to the Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and Entergy submitted a request for a supplemental ruling from internal revenue service to reflect the addition of the exchange trust agreement, among other things. Having said that, and having received approvals from FERC and the NRC, in order to move forward with the proposed spin off we are awaiting approvals from Vermont and New York. If Vermont adopts the MOU as recommended by the Vermont department of public service that leaves are open only the New York public service commission and final approval by the Entergy Board of Directors. Before closing, I wanted to acknowledge how thrilled Entergy was to announce the election of Dr. Stewart C. Myers to its Board of Directors since September. Dr. Myers is a legend in the field of finance and I expect many, if not all of you consider yourself a student of his. Or at least of his many works and highly regarded and sided research papers. Of course he's the co-author of the classic graduate level textbook 'Principles of Corporate Finance' which is now in its 9th edition. As we interrupt here which will undoubtedly be increasingly complex, with alternative strategies or investments to achieve cleaner energy and more efficient usage, as we consider and evaluate equally complex financing arrangements and structures to achieve those objectives, Dr. Myers' expertise and experience will be invaluable in providing guidance and oversight. He makes an already outstanding board even better. And finally, Entergy is proud to achieve a pair of awards demonstrating its long standing commitment to integrate the basic principles of sustainable development into all areas of its business. For the 8th consecutive year, the Dow Jones Sustainability Index included Entergy on their exclusive World Index. The Dow Jones Sustainability Index recognized Entergy as the only US utility on the World Index in 2006, 2007, and 2008 and Entergy was only one of two US utilities selected to the World Index in 2009. This year, Entergy performed highest and was ranked among the best in corporate governance, score cards and measurement systems, occupational health and safety, environmental policy and measurement systems, climate strategy and talent and retention. The carbon disclosure project also named Entergy to the Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index for the company's approach to climate change. 2009 marks the sixth consecutive year. Entergy has been committed for its corporate governance with respect to carbon disclosure practices. Entergy was also honored to be named the business league's Best Places to Launch a Career list. Entergy was the only energy company included in the ranking. Personally, we think it's a pretty challenging and rewarding place to work. Everyday we have customers to serve, communities to strengthen, investors to please. Although the third quarter includes the lot of progress on all these fronts, we recognize, we have much work ahead of us and it all comes down to the same way we think about safety. We can never be complacent, not even for a second, and I assure you we aren't, and we won't be. More about that at EEI. Now, let me turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you Wayne and good morning everyone. In my remarks today I will cover third quarter results and cash flow performance followed by an update on our share repurchase activity, and a recap of 2009 earnings guidance. I will close with a few thoughts on the utility and the nexus that we'll be discussing with you further at the upcoming EEI conference. Starting with our financial results on Slide two, third quarter earnings decreased compared to a year ago due to lower results at utility, parent and other, partially offset by an improvement in the non-nuclear wholesale assets business. On an operational basis, Entergy Nuclear also produced modestly higher earnings. Once again, operational results exclude two special items related to the spin-off. Third party expenses at utility, parent and other that we began reporting in the second quarter of 2008. In incremental, these synergies reflected in Entergy Nuclear results since the start of this year. Looking closely at third quarter results we delivered a solid quarter outlined with expectations in our adjusted earnings guidance. As expected, quarter-over-quarter variances reflected several income tax adjustments recorded at all three business segments in 2008. The net effect of these income tax items on a consolidated basis provided around $0.40 per share benefit to the third quarter earnings last year. Both the utility and nuclear businesses delivered net revenue growth due primarily to the absence of hurricane activity in 2009 at the utility, and strong operational performance of the non-utility nuclear plants resulting in a fleet-wide capacity factor of 100%. Slide three presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results in more detail. Utility, parent and others operational earnings decline was due primarily to the absence of the 2008 adjustment reducing income tax expense. This adjustment was associated with the liquidation of a subsidiary. Higher operation and maintenance expense also contributed to lower current period earnings. Positives at utility, parent and other this quarter include higher net revenue, and higher other income. Weather was not a major factor considering both build and un-build sales periods. The second half of June saw some of the highest daily average temperatures throughout our service territory in 10 years, and the related sales and weather effect were generally reflected in July build sales. The revenue effect however, had been captured in un-build revenue during the second quarter. The most significant driver in utility net revenue was the absence of hurricanes Gustav and Ike which reduced revenue in all customer classes in the third quarter of 2008. Because of how our billing cycles work however, not all of the storm effects are captured in the build KWH sales statistics in our earnings release. For residential and commercial customers, positive sales growth is largely due to the return to normal activity this year. However, for the most part, the hurricane effect was not reflected in the quarter-over-quarter change in industrial sales. Industrial customers are typically build at the beginning of the month following usage. Therefore, lower build industrial sales due to the hurricanes last year, didn't generally show up until the fourth quarter of 2008. The continued weak economy was the major driver in industrial sales. Overall, industrial sales did decrease by 6.3% versus the third quarter of 2008. Still, month-to-month industrial sales trends have been generally positive over the last six months, and September's industrial sales decline of only 2.1%, versus the same month last year, marked a significant improvement. As we look to next quarter, the ramp-up of industrial expansions plan for the year, as well as improving fundamentals in manufacturing and the overall economy, are expected to positively impact the industrial segment. Utility net revenue in the third quarter also includes the charges for the Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana rate refunds, that Wayne mentioned earlier. Going forward, the extension of the formula rate plans and one-time ROE midpoint reset provide a path or anyhow allowed ROEs at these two companies. Turning to Entergy Nuclear, quarterly results were modestly higher than prior year. Positive variances were due primarily to higher revenue from fewer planned and unplanned outages and increased other income. Two factors associated with decommissioning trust funds combine to produce the higher other income. First, third quarter 2008 results included an impairment on certain decommissioning investments. Additionally, third quarter 2009 reflected realized gains on sales in these decommissioning funds. With the stock market producing another quarter of 15% plus returns, a portion of the realized gain is attributed to the recovery of investment values above levels reflected in prior quarter's impairments. Partially offsetting these positive items were higher operation and maintenance and income tax expenses. In Massachusetts state law change in 2008, reduced income tax expense at Entergy Nuclear to a greater extent than in 2009. Finally, earnings for non-nuclear wholesale assets business improved this quarter due primarily to lower income taxes. Third quarter 2008 results reflected higher income tax expense driven primarily by the redemption of the previous investment in that business. Slide four recaps our cash flow performance for the current quarter. Excluding the impact of nearly $1 billion of securitization proceeds received in the third quarter of 2008, operating cash flow was higher than the prior period. As you recall, the securitization financings at Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana closed out our recovery for hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Securitization proceeds last year also included funds for future storms, which were drawn down shortly thereafter for hurricanes Gustav and Ike. Turning next to an update of our share repurchase programs on Slide five. During the third quarter we completely roughly $600 million of shares repurchases planed for 2009. We purchased a total of 7.7 million shares at an average price of $80 per share. Nearly all of the repurchases were made under the now complete $2 billion board authorized programs. The balance was repurchased to offset the dilutive effects of stock option exercise. As a reminder in early 2008 the board granted incremental share repurchase authority for $500 million for opportunistic market repurchases in the event they become available before the spin-off takes place. During the third quarter, we completed this incremental program utilizing cash generated by the Entergy Nuclear business. Therefore at spin-off, $500 million of share repurchases made this quarter will be applied to Entergy's targeted repurchases from spin-off proceeds. Slide 6, details of 2009 earnings guidance that we are affirming today. On an operational basis, earnings guidance ranges from $6.20 to $6.80 per share. As reported earning guidance of $6 to $6.60 per share, reflects spin off to synergies and transactions costs for the spin off incurred through June of 2009. We adjusted our earnings guidance in July to reflect a steep decline in power prices on Entergy Nuclear's open position since the start of the year and significant impairments taken on decommissioning trust fund investments. With three quarters now behind us we continue to see full-year 2009 performance in line with our adjusted earnings guidance range. In closing, we continue to see the value creation opportunity through this spin off. Post-spin we are positioning Enexus with the financial strength and flexibility to manage its business and act on opportunities. Regarding Enexus financing, you may recall that the senior secured revolver executed last December in the midst of the financial crisis, included a condition to complete the spin off by October 1. A few weeks ago, Enexus obtained amendment to this facility that increased the total amount to $1.2 billion and extended the period to complete the spin off by nine months to July 1 of 2010. At the utility, we have opportunities to add value in the business through organic growth, including load growth and ROE improvements portfolio management, including capital investment opportunities and the spin off recapitalization made up of share repurchases and the split-off. We look forward to talking more about this with you at EEI, where we also plan to initiate 2010 guidance. And now the Entergy senior team is available for your questions.
Question-And Answer Session: Operator (Operation instructions). We'll first hear from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, two quick questions, the first is with regard to how market fundamentals as you see them. We've observed over the last four to six weeks that power the long end of the curve in terms of round the clock power prices has gotten demonstrably better in most markets including the New York and New England market. Are you seeing $3 to $4 improvement anyway, are you seeing improvement in market fundamentals, that just driven by, the back end of the gas curve having gotten a little bit better? Can you give us some color on that?
Leo Denault: Yeah, Greg, we've seen the same thing in terms of recovery in those prices, as you look at the gas market, the support that you've seen in the 2011, 2012, 2013 time frame, has been a support for power prices in that time frame, and certainly as you think about things like economic recovery, in those regions, if you think about whats going on with gas prices, if you think about things around CO2, which we really don't think there is anything there yet in the market prices, those are all contributing to support for power prices and we have see them move. We saw them hang in there a little bit better than obviously on the front end of the curve to begin with, and they have certainly continued to strengthen over the course of the last several months.
Greg Gordon: Do you think thats primarily a function of gas and hasn't really factored in a substantive economic recovery or carbon?
Leo Denault: I think that there is recovery in there, but probably not much for carbon and at the moment.
Greg Gordon: Second question is less specific. We've been focused on your opportunity to execute the spin off for a long time now, as we're awaiting on New York as the final uncertainty, but think about your management style, you guys have delivered value to shareholders, a lot of different ways, over the course of the 15 years that I've covered the company. And you've always seemed to have a backup plan when one direction seem to become less executable. So can you talk about what your backup plan for shareholder value creation would be, if New York does reject the spin?
Leo Denault: Well I think Greg; we'll probably save that discussion more for EEI. We're in middle, obviously, of a comment period. We've came a long way in Vermont and New York and we prefer at this point to wait and see what comments look like, and let this play out, and we'll be in a better position to talk about what the backup plan is. But you're completely right, I mean, in terms of the way we think about the business, whether it's a backup plan or an exit strategies, or whatever if you go down the list of stuff that we've done over the years, from selling EK, to spinning the non-utility nuclear to, putting ENOI into bankruptcy within a couple weeks after the Katrina, when most people said there is no way they do it to sell in the turbines to putting dam head, and turning the keys over on dam head. We always try to do the rational economic thing and have some alternative in mind to achieve the value that we've committed to you all. And this was a tough one. It's a tough one because of the optionality we put at such a high value on it and giving the shareholders two pieces of paper and two very different businesses. So this is really kind of a conversation for another day, but it's I know you're all interested in that, and it's one that we continue to think about, and particularly as the market evolves, and I can't say we'll have a specific answer to EEI, but we'll have a better one.
Greg Gordon: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Leslie Rich from Columbia management.
Leslie Rich: Hi, Leo, could you just review again what you said about the share repurchases? You said you finished as of September 30 and that that did you say that that was really accelerating the share repurchases that were planned post-spin proceeds?
Leo Denault: Yeah, we finished the share repurchases that we baked into our initial and then revised guidance for the year as of September 30th, and that was the completion of the $1.5 billion program that we had from a couple of years ago. And then as you recall we had put in another $500 million worth of authorization from the board last year, when it looked like the spin was, obviously not going to occur as quickly as we had desired it to do so. That authority really was a roll-forward of part of the original of 2.5 billion that we had said would be repurchased from the spin. And as you recall we discussed that in relation to we were going to go out and do the financing associated with the spin off, but given the fact that we hadn't done that, the distributions that would have occurred out of the Nuclear business for example, interest costs and plus whatever capacity they would have had during 2009 to distribute capital was still there, even though we owned the business, it just wasn't going to interest expense. So we utilized that cash as for the repurchase authority.
Michele Lopiccolo: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Steve Fleishman from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, on your hedging for the nuclear business, I think you added some decent amount of hedges for '10 and '11 in this quarter. And I think you added a decent amount in the last quarter. Couple of questions on that first, what are you seeing as the unit contingent discounts in your markets? Are they the same as they used to be, roughly, when you're putting in these new hedges? Are they still like, what was it used to be about 5% or something?
Leo Denault: Well, we've always talked about them, Steve, in terms of ranging between 4% to 10% and they've continued to be in that range when we're looking at them.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then another question related to the fact that you're doing more hedging. In '10 and '11, should we view this as kind of your a point of view that pricing could stay much weaker in '10 and '11, than may be where it is now, or should we view it as you just wanting to just have more locked up for credit purposes, at Enexus. Whats the reasoning for kind of doing more hedging than you had for several quarters before that?
Leo Denault: Well, the driving factor behind it really is, as part of Entergy, we have certain limits that we place around what our open position can be. And those are, as you said, based on credit. They're based on liquidity; they're based on point of view, a variety of factors, that go into it. And while we anticipate regulatory approval and that in 2010, a Enexus will be a standalone entity. Again going back a little bit to what Greg mentioned, in the world of planning, it is still owned by Entergy, and so we still start with it's going to adhere to Entergy's credit policies, Entergy's hedging limits, etcetera. So that's the basis for where we start. Then we look at what our point of view is we look at credit, we look at liquidity and where we think Entergy would be if we continue to hold it and then we layer in there what are the Enexus parameters that would drive it liquidity, their credit metrics, etcetera. So, really, Steve, it is a combination of all of those factors, and not to say that any one of them weighs greater than another, but, the credit, the liquidity and ideas have to be overwhelmed by the point of view to get us outside of our bounds. There has to be an exception made to get outside the limits and we just haven't made that exception, yet, particularly as it relates to 2010.
Operator: And we'll hear from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning. Just a quick question on Vermont, and the ongoing negotiations we see commented on around a new contract. Do you see that as something which is the necessary precursor for the spin? Is it more part of the re-licensing debate? And just any update or color on what's going on there.
Wayne Leonard: Okay (Inaudible) will cover this.
Unidentified Speaker: Jonathan, it really has nothing to do with the spin. I mean, it's solely related to the certificate of public good as it relates to the re-licensing of the plant and the approval we have to get from Vermont legislature, and commission up there. So those activities continue to move forward and conversations continue to be progressing well.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And if I may, the second question, you mentioned improving trends and recent months in sales that the utilities. Can you give us a little more color on where you are seeing that, which kinds of industries, and I think you were going as far as saying that there would be much better comp in the fourth quarter, just some more discussion around that area.
Gary Taylor: Sure, Jonathan, this is Gary Taylor. And to build on what Leo was saying, I think first we really look at and have talked about each time I think it would be good to cover as one. You look at that our sales information, we look at things like write-offs, arrears and disconnects. And that continues to be pretty much same with our historical levels. We have not seen a real growth in those class of customers. We're really seeing an improvement in manufacturing. I think that's where you really see much more for us in the chemical and refining area. The biggest hit we had seen was typically in things like woods and primary metals but tends to be a very, very small part of our industrial load. And so as a result of that, I think as we've seen the price of commodities come up like oil and things like that and the decrease in natural gas pricing, we have seen the industrial rats [always] Leo take a look at each quarter its actually improved. Last quarter we talked about the fact that we had thought we had seen a bottoming out probably in the springtime frame that trend is continuing, we see it in pretty much all our classes of customers. Our unemployment tends for the most part to be below the national averages to about the national average we see some good housing start permits which drives some of those industries, as well. And the weaker dollar helps us as far as exports, in some of those same business like (Inaudible) and we're seeing some improvements along those trends. And the biggest thing for our industrial customers is they have seen this quarter versus the quarter last year, close to about a 40% decrease in their rates and our customers overall have seen somewhere around a 20% to 25% decrease. So, I think there is a number of things that have encouraged production in our area and at the same time I think we are starting to see the impact of an economic recovery and I think we're seeing that pretty much as Leo said September's month I think was a good indicator of what we have seen compared to last year and even with our residential and commercial, we would say we would probably net with everything and the hurricane probably at least flat to last year.
Jonathan Arnold: In Q4?
Gary Taylor: In Q4 will actually continue to see some of that growth continue to go on. I mean, that trend seems to be moving back as we have looked its been a pretty positive trend over the past several months.
Jonathan Arnold: Are you saying we could see up industrial sales in fourth quarter versus last year?
Gary Taylor: No, I think you may see up industrial sales as we see in the trend, but I think you're still going to see those lagging even overall from last quarter, but I think you're going to see them start to recover.
Jonathan Arnold: Thanks a lot, Gary.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Just a question on storm cost recovery from Gustav and Ike. You're looking at over the next six to nine, six to 12 months, bringing in a significant amount of cash into the various subs that were impacted by the storms. Can you talk about plans for utilization of that cash? I mean, netting out storm reserves and that type of [step] kind of rough number round a $1 billion or so that's a pretty big number?
Leo Denault: Michael, I think we'll, again, I hate to say it, but again, but I think at EEI that will be a fairly rich piece of our presentation on what we plan to do, how much cash we think we'll have and what we plan to do with it. So we'll talk to the board next week about that and then we'll talk to you all in a couple of weeks, if that's okay.
Michael Lapides: All right. No problem. And this may be a Gary question, had a question about Texas regulation. Specifically what does the existing legislation around utility regulation in Texas allow you to do that could be a structural change in terms of being able to come closer to earning and authorized return on capital and reducing regulatory lag there? You all touched on it a little bit on the transmission side, but what about on the kind of the core distribution and regulated generation piece at Texas?
Gary Taylor: Yeah, I think the biggest opportunity there is what was passed in the Senate Bill 1492 which really talked about transmission cost recovery. And structurally that is one of those that if you look at it, it has been a large investment for us over the years of both distribution and transmission, but allows us to address the regulatory lag that that has created. So that is one of the fundamental components. And when you look at the rate case that Wayne was talking to I wonder those because you have to set a baseline as a result of that and we plan to do that so for future transmission cost recovery. So I think that attacks clearly that structural piece of it.
Michael Lapides: And what about on, you know, for distribution and generation capital spend?
Gary Taylor: Well, I think as we're working through, as you've seen in the other filings, our intents in this next filing is to address those pieces with the public survey like capacity cost, which has a tendency there have been a drag on earnings in that business, and more timely recovery of generation assets. So as you've seen, its kind of a plan for us to try to make that and really address the lag in that business. So legislatively you got the transmission piece, and then the filing well we will we tend to try to and address those other structural pieces.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Operator Next we'll hear from Andrew Levi with Incremental Capital.
Andrew Levi: Hi, guys, just I don't know what you can tell us, whatever, but you mentioned the board meeting and obviously you don't want to tell us what you are going to be actually coming out with and obviously I dont know board is going to say. But can you just give us an idea of kind of what topics may be discussed, on a broad sense?
Leo Denault: Well, I think one of the big things certainly that we're going to be discussing is what the longer term aspirations are. At the time we've been talking at the board level its really for years about non-utility fleets that we were building and the utility, and some of the structural problems at utility earning our returns and trying to fix those and at this meeting, as really this it is the normal meeting where we present our 2010 plans, but we will be with this spin, I think relatively imminent here, will be going into more detail about what the aspirations will be and should be for Entergy in particular. I know a number of people have different points of view with regard to what the prospects are, and we want to establish an agreement at the board on how we're going to proceed going forward and what the expectations will be, and it does center around the issues of cash and how we use our cash. So, I think there is always a lot of other things at the board meeting to talk about, in terms of longer-term plans. It takes transmission is a big issue obviously with the changing, I like to mention, and we'll talk to the board a lot about what that means to the company and what our plans are going forward there, but the aspirations in getting those straight, the agreement, will probably be one of the most important things we'll talk about.
Andrew Levi: Yeah, and actually that was my next question. You mentioned about transmission, but is there any more detail that you can give us on what you're thinking there when you say transmission?
Wayne Leonard: I guess to make a long story short, what we're thinking is that, this is going to take longer than what we hoped. The favorable development certainly is all of the states putting together a advisory committee to look at these issues, and spending the time to understand, what the new planning criteria might be and what the impacts of that might be, and trying to come to some agreement with regard to things like tariffs and structures, whether its an RTO or enhanced ICT and whether its cost (inaudible) cost allocation, across the jurisdiction, who is going to stay, who is going to go? And the study I mentioned for STP is six to eight months out in terms of them coming up with an advisory opinion with regard to where we should be and, that may or may not be unanimous, in any event. But, so obviously, you can't go very far in any direction if your regulators aren't on board and don't believe it's in the best interests of the customers, in particular. So, I can't share a lot with you because they're doing their study. The good news is they are doing a study, they are involving themselves, and they're trying to come to the right answer, and that's a good thing. It should streamline the process in some respects, but there's a lot of issues, because it obviously involved also, but, we're kind of just breaking it down and there is structural issues on how we should be organized, whether its RTO or enhanced ICTs there or the tariff issues, on what's the best way to upgrade your transmission, secretary (inaudible) are. I was in a meeting with him a couple of weeks ago, and he said it very, very clearly and plainly to a group that probably didn't want to hear it and he said, it was like four people in the White House working on this issue and he said it comes down to, should the people pay for it, that create the costs or benefit? Or should it be paid for by all of society? That's a societal type of benefit, and that's an issue that our state regulators will also take up and then we'll be asking them also to take up the issue of given the amount of capital that we're talking about, given the credit issues at Entergy and other markets that are available, and other finance vehicles, what's the cheapest way to source this capital in the deepest top possible markets, when you have an obligation to serve. So there is no answer there right now, but the dialog is already been taking place, and the process is set up to continue it
Operator: And next we'll hear from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: I just want to do touch basic in sort of on the nuclear side. Is there any possibility of having a settlement with the New York parties or are we still pretty much looking at a litigated process still?
Leo Denault: Paul, there is always an opportunity to settle issues. It's probably not right for that right now, because we're so close to all of us filing our initial comments. Once everybody sees those comments, then there would be an opportunity, and then on November 12th, we file reply comments. There is not a lot of time to kind of resolve some of those issues, and maybe we can do one or two items, and we would have an opportunity through our reply comments or other parties' reply comments to do something, but it's going to move pretty quickly now.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So
Wayne Leonard: Paul, just you have to really keep in mind, we went through that process and we tried every way to expedite this, and we weren't playing around. We put our best offer on the table and we filed it. And there might be some ways to discussion, something around the edges, but we've came a long way to try to meet the needs, and we think we have. So, if there's a settlement opportunity, we obviously listen to it, but we put a good faith offer on the table to meet what they said the objectives were. So we're hopeful that it works.
Paul Patterson: On the Vermont Yankee side and the contract and the extension of license, you guys mentioned I think in last quarter, that there was a possibility of a global settlement with that and with the Enexus bin and it looks like the Enexus bin was still separately, I'm just wondering when we're looking at the Vermont legislature and everything that sort of has to happen here, is there sort of a time certain that you guys have to have some clarity on 2012, in other words, you can't wait I would assume, till a month before the license expires. Could you just give us a little bit flavor in terms of what the actual sort of deadline is here in terms of getting some clarity specifically with those remaining issues?
Leo Denault: What we're targeting today is put something together that the legislature can review starting next year. So, our objective is to put something together and we're pushing hard on the PPA negotiations with the utility. What file that with the commission and then they'll make a recommendation to the legislature, and the legislature comes back the second week in January. That's really what we're pushing for, is to get something resolved early next year.
Paul Patterson: So it pretty much has to be finished by the beginning of next year or early next year. I mean, it can't go on indefinitely, I would assume. Correct? At what point do you have to sort of pull the plug and decide what you're going to do?
Leo Denault: Well, if we don't get a certificate of public good out of the commission in the legislature, then we can't operate past 2012. So, that's why for planning purposes we're trying to really get something accomplished in this next legislature because it will force us otherwise to make some pretty tough decisions around that plan. So, next legislative session is very critical.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And that's basically the spring of next year.
Leo Denault: Yes.
Operator: We'll take our last question today from Kit Konolige from Soleil.
Kit Konolige: A lot of my questions have been answered. Just it's struck me that there is still a pretty wide range in your guidance for the year. I know this is a little forward-looking, but can you give us some sense of with one quarter left why that range is still so wide?
Leo Denault: Kit, we typically just don't move it around other than if there's some major, major item. Like what we had in July, what we were looking at, the impairments on the decommissioning trust and the significant fall in the price of power, that prompted us to move the guidance range, but traditionally once we said that as long as we think we're in it, we would leave it alone. The thing I'd mention to you is that, as I said in the script, we are in line with what we expected in terms of earnings and sales, and things like that when we reset the guidance in July. So, it's just not something that we've been doing in the last couple of years of moving the range around, other than when there's some significant thing, like what we saw this summer.
Kit Konolige: Fair enough. If this isn't pushing too far in the same direction, can I just follow with, if you were aware of the imports were higher end or lower end, a lot of companies will say we're going to be at the higher end or the lower end. Would you be saying that, or if its in the range or you're just going to say that's the range?
Leo Denault: We're just, right now saying we're in the range, Kit.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today. I'll turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Michele Lopiccolo: Operator, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 4133911. This concludes our call. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. One note that today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo, of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO Wayne Leonard and then Leo Denault, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I'll close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne?
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning. Actually I'm not sure why I say that except out of habit. I'm looking at the screen which shows the current stock price and it's turning out to be anything but a good morning week for us. Hopefully we can address any issues that concerns in our comments and any of your questions to follow. I'll begin with the review of regulatory developments of the utilities since our last update. Starting with storm recovery for hurricanes Gustav and Ike, Entergy Texas was encouraged that the end of last week we reached an agreement in principle that should resolve all issues in its storm cost recovery case during through an unopposed settlement. The parties expect to finalize and file the agreement this week which should permit the PUCT to vote on the settlement the following week. In its case, Entergy Texas requested the PUCT determine that 577.5 million in system restoration costs for reasonable and necessary and that this amount plus carrying cost is eligible for recovery through securitization. Assuming the settlement agreement is finalized and is opted by the PUCT and considering the provisions of the agreement, including the timing of the securitization, collection of insurance proceeds and other offsets, Entergy Texas anticipates recording an increase in non-fuel O&M expense not to exceed $0.02 per share. While the agreement in principle had no finding of improvements that would be the net cost of settlement versus our litigation position. In addition, ETI initiated a financing order request in mid July seeking this '08 issue 627.8 million of transition bonds in November, which includes 50.3 million of carrying costs, plus an incremental amount to cover the cost to execute the related financing. Recall that the 2006 legislation pertaining to hurricane Rita did not require the inclusion of carrying costs. Whereas the legislation in accident 2009 does require inclusion of carrying costs at the utilities weighted average cost of capital last approved by the PUCT. Pursuant to the evergreen legislation passed earlier this spring, the PUCT must issue financing order by October 14, the day targeted to be accelerated by three weeks under the agreement in principle. In Louisiana, a joint storm filing was made in May. The filing seeks recovery of 241.9 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and 392.3 million for Entergy Louisiana. After considering the interim financing from storm reserves and projected carrying costs, the net retail request is 412.6 million for both companies. In addition, both companies are seeking to replenish storm reserves in the amounts of 90 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and 200 million for Entergy Louisiana. Pursuant to the procedural schedule established in July, the companies plan to summit a supplemental file around the middle of August recommending a method of cost recovery. Taken in total, the requested net cash request for both Louisiana companies is just over $700 million including storm damage cost recovery carrying costs and storm reserve replenishment. Options under considerations spread the cost impact on customers over several years, through either traditional base rate recovery or securitization with two securitization that is available. The first securitization is pursuant to Act 64 where the utilities choose the bond. Second is pursuant to Act 55, the alternative and most decaling method successfully used for securitizing costs following hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Under this alternative method, the state issues the bonds. The procedural schedule calls for hearings March 2010. In other regulatory updates, the LPSC unanimously accepted Entergy Louisiana's recommendation and issued an order filing the company's decision to place the Little Gypsy project in long-term suspension of three years or more was in the public interest and prudent, without prejudice to issues including timing of the decision, project management, cost recovery and whether the projects should be canceled or abandoned as opposed to merely suspended. The quarterly monitoring plan was also indefinitely suspended. Instead Entergy Louisiana is working cooperatively with the LPSC staff keeping them informed of activities associated with suspending the project and terminating current contracts related to the project. On or before September 1st, Entergy Louisiana will either file an application setting forth the project cost eligible for recovery or alternatively will file a report on the status of efforts to terminate the project in an orderly way to be filed later via cost recovery application. The estimated cost at this time approximates $300 million. On or before December 15th, 2011 Entergy Louisiana will report to the LPSC and its staff whether or not it intends to reinitiate the project including a detailed discussion of the basis for that decision. In Texas, long sought clarity was obtained regarding the state requirement that Entergy Texas move to competitive framework for retail customers. Consistent with legislation enacted in June, mandating that Entergy Texas cease all activities related to Transition to Competition and withdraw or explain on file with the Public Utility Commission of Texas. On June 30th, Entergy Texas filed a petition requesting dismissal of its TTC plans. On July 30th, 2009, the PUCT dismissed the TTC proceeding without prejudice to refile. Entergy Texas can now move forward implementing generation and transmission plans and discussing the needs knowing it will not become part of Electric Reliability Council of Texas. While estimates varied, incremental capital cost to interconnect to ERCOT range from around 500 million to $1 billion. Regarding other rate proceedings, Entergy Mississippi obtained the needed $14.5 million rate increase as part of a settlement with the MPSC and formula rate plan filings. In turn, Entergy Mississippi dismissed its Mississippi Supreme Court appeal of the 2007 FRP filing. In addition, the MPSC issued an order authorizing an audit of Entergy Mississippi's fuel adjustment clause by an independent audit firm. Entergy Mississippi was also pleased to receive the Governor's Cup Award in a large business category for its working in its community. Mississippi Governor Barbour stated Entergy Mississippi represents the finest in corporate citizenship and demonstrates an unwavering commitment to improving the quality of life for citizens across the state. Entergy Mississippi was nominated by the Hinds County Economic Development District. In Arkansas, on July 2nd, Entergy Arkansas filed a notification with the APSC that it intends to file an application for a general change in rate charges and tariffs within 60 to 90 days. In Louisiana, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana continue to work with the LPSC staff to the new formula rate plans and resolve outstanding issues. The companies were encouraged that they were able to reach an interim rate agreement approved by the LPSC while continuing to work through the remaining issues. The parties will report back to the LPSC in September on the status of negotiation. Under the interim agreement, current base rates will remain in place but the LPSC approved capacity cost adjustments. At Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, the net increase in capacity cost of $5 million annually will be deferred for future recovery. At Entergy Louisiana, the net decrease in capacity cost of 17 million annually will be used to increase the storm reserve accrual. In addition, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana will implement a new environmental adjustment clause effective for the August billing cycle. This rider was created by the LPSC to reflect recovery of cost necessary to comply with the Clean Air Interstate Rule and demonstrates continued constructive regulations by the commission. Finally, in New Orleans, pursuant to its comprehensive rate settlement on July 2nd, Entergy New Orleans filed the Entergy Smart plan proposal that included progressive energy efficiency in demand-side management programs. The Energy Smart plan is a result of a comprehensive and ongoing process among the company, the council and various other community stakeholders that considered a complex set of energy efficiency issues. The program commits $3.1 million annually to provide incentives to residential and business customers for energy efficiency and conservation efforts. Entergy New Orleans projected that up to 7300 participants could benefit from Energy Smart incentives annually. The New Orleans City Council is expected to vote on this proposal in September. At Entergy Nuclear, employees are in two of the 14 top industry practice awards given out annually by the Nuclear Energy Institute. Since the program's inception, Entergy Nuclear has been honored with 17 top industry awards. Regarding license renewal, NRC took another step forward when the Nuclear Regulatory Commission issued its supplemental safety evaluation for license renewal. Additional confirmatory analysis determine for NRC net (ph) application requirements. In addition, the Atomic Safety Licensing Board rejected the last remaining contention associated with the confirmatory analysis and terminated this proceed in July. The New England coalition who had initiated the contention has since appealed directly to the NRC to overturn the ASLB. While NRC license renewal is still possible around year end the latest appeal could delay renewal into next year. At the Pilgrim plant, the NRC continues its review of the Pilgrim Watch appeal. Last November Pilgrim Watch filled an appeal with the NRC regarding ASLB ruling in favor of Pilgrim on the contention related to the adequacy of the Barry pipe aging management program. The NRC requested additional legal briefings which have been filed and license renewal is anticipated before the end of the year. The employee license renewal process also continues. In its comprehensive reliability plan published May 19th, 2009, the New York ISO underscored the importance of Indian Point to its generating supply in New York. The ISO's plan noted that unexpected retirement of either Indian Point 2 or 3 at license expiration would cause an immediate violation of the reliability standard in 2014, retirement of both units because a severe storage and resources needed to maintain bulk power system reliability resulted in the probability of an involuntarily load interruption by 2018 that is approximately 40 times higher than the reliability standard requires. In order to mitigate those retirements, approximately a 1000 megawatts of capacity will need to be installed in Zone G2k for each retired unit. This finding is consistent with the previous decision by the New York Public Service Commission that they needed a limited review of the reposed spin-off transaction and associated financing given the critical nature of Indian Point. Since December, party to the proceeding engaged in settlement discussions, with consideration of changing markets since specific concerns to the party's further enhancements for developed to the reorganization proposal. While Entergy review this settlement -- for while Entergy viewed this settlement discussions as productive ultimately, Entergy thought that it was necessary to formally requests a schedule and process for bringing the ready conclusion. On July 13, Entergy proposed to file an amended petition reflecting an enhancement put forward in the settlement discussions for the end for the New York Public Service Commission's consideration. Broadly speaking, the amendments are intended to further enhance financial flexibility and strength of Enexus, while at the same time, preserving the company for business reasons for pursuing this spin-off. While Entergy believe the initially proposed terms were more than adequate to meet the standards of established for regulatory approval, nonetheless in an effort to move the process along and eliminate any reasonable basis for concern financial enhancements have been added to the plan. The enhanced structure of Enexus reduces long-term bonds by $1 billion added in incremental cash -- add to an incremental cash on hand to $500 million and requires a minimum ongoing liquidity level of $350 million. Facilitating theses enhancements while preserving the Entergy's financial objectives include the modification of the proposed tax free exchange process. We always communicated the potential for structuring transaction something other than its straight spin, depending on what made the most sense at that time. Instead, of a straight spin, Entergy now proposes a partial spin-off, partial split-off transaction. Approximately 80% of the Enexus shares will be distributed to Entergy shareholders at the time of the spin-off and the balance will be placed in a trust for the benefit of the Entergy and its shareholders for a fixed period of time. During the course of bad time period, Entergy expects to exchange the remaining Enexus holdings in a tax free exchange for Entergy shares. Enexus shares not ultimately exchanged if any will be distributed to all Entergy shareholders in the same manner the previous shares were upon a spin. Consistent with the extended time to consider the transaction and the enhanced terms of the plan, the company believes that it is very reasonable to request procedures and a schedule to enable to report at the presiding administrative law judges to be issued in time for the Public Service Commission to issue a final order no later than its regularly scheduled November meeting. So that the proposed reorganization can be accomplished by the end of the year. This schedule also aligns with the extension obtained from the NRC for six additional months to execute the spin-off before having the recall for approval and with our access to the financial markets on increasingly attractive terms certainly as compared to what we've seen since last fall. Consistent with our constructive past practice of combining the case to the relevant issues and moving the process forward in an orderly manner as directed by the New York Public Service Commissions, the ALJs issued a ruling on July 29th noting the extended time it has been allowed and a substantial effort by the company to comply with discovery and comments during this period. The ALJs indicated that they will determine the schedule and procedures after the company files the amended petition making it clear to everyone, what has been changed, added or deleted and what exactly remains compared to the original filing, essentially asking for a redline version to avoid any confusion and expedite the review. The company expects to make this filing around August 10th. Although spin-off has clearly taken longer than initially anticipated, in large part as a result of the tumultuous financial market conditions experienced last fall as well as a longer regulatory approval process than originally expected, both the Board and the management team remains committed to pursuing this initiative as in the best interest of our stakeholders. The value proposition remains and in some instances, it is even stronger or more clear today given that they've been transpiring since last fall. At the same time, as you all understand as shareholders you still own the non-utility nuclear plants and the underlying value continues to accrual to you. As you know, we have reduced our earnings guidance for 2009. In my eleven years of CEO at Entergy, we've always set aggressive but achievable target. This is the first time, we have reduced financial guidance for our operating performance. You may recall that we've refined guidance in 2004 when we announced the sale of Entergy-Koch trading. And we suspended guidance in 2005 after hurricane Katrina entirely changed the landscape. I guess I should say entirely, it literally changed the landscape. But except for that year and that event, we have never missed bottom line Entergy annual operating earnings targets. Given the gas trends and nuclear trust impairments despite our best efforts to make up the shortfall in some other ways, the reality is we can't get there and not put our operations at risk that is our customers or assets. We acknowledge that in lowering guidance for 2009 and I assure you it was not a good day for any of us. We've taken great pride in the goals over the years and missing the targets for both 2009 earnings and the timing of closing a spin off has been very disappointing to say the least. All I can say is we are committed to getting back on track and achieving our aspirations. Now let me turn the call over to Leo. Leo?
Leo Denault: Thank you Wayne and good morning everyone. In my remarks today I will cover the quarterly results and our cash flow performance followed by our revised 2009 earnings guidance and outlook for the rest of the year. I will close with some thoughts on long-term value opportunities for both Entergy and Enexus. Starting with our financial results for the quarter on slide two, second quarter earnings decreased compared to a year ago driven by lower results of Entergy Nuclear. However, I would like to point out that through the first half of 2009 we would be close to our original earnings expectations but for the two factors Wayne mentioned, at Entergy Nuclear, a sustained decrease in market value on certain decommissioning trust investments and significantly lower realized power prices and our unsold position versus the forward prices at the end of 2008. To date our efforts to find positive offsets have not overcome the magnitude of these two developments. That said, we continue to pursue accretive opportunities to mitigate these effects over the rest of the year. The lower as reported results for Entergy Nuclear in the second quarter 2009 were partially offset by higher as reported earnings at utility, parent and other and the non-nuclear wholesale assets business. As reported earnings include two special items related to our rolling readiness position for the spin off. Third party expenses incurred in both periods at utility, plant and other to execute the spin-off transaction an increment of dis-synergies reflected in the Entergy Nuclear segment results in 2009. Both of these items are excluded from operational results. Slide 3 presents the facts that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. Utility, plant and other's modest operational earnings decline was primarily the result of lower net revenue and higher expenses that offset the benefit of lower income taxes during the quarter. The decrease in income taxes is consistent with our previously stated expectations for overall 2009 effective tax rate of approximately 37% versus the 38.4% statutory rate. Utility net revenue was down in the second quarter of 2009 primarily due to a regulatory charge. The May FERC order results in cost (ph) as a result of inconsistent state commission allocations of the 2007 rough production cost equalization payment between the former Texas and the Louisiana jurisdictions of Entergy Gulf States. Weather was not a fact -- a significant driver versus second quarter 2008 factor considering both billed and unbilled sales periods. Sales volume statistics and the weather impacts on EPS reflect near normal weather built through much of the quarter as opposed to normal than normal weather last year. However, the second half of June saw some of the highest daily average temperatures throughout our service territory in 10 years. This warm weather at quarter end was primarily reflected in unbilled sales. On weather adjusted basis, the weak economy continues to affect utility sales most notably in the industrial segment. As we mentioned last quarter, facility in demand charges paid by industrial customers that do not vary with volume, tampered the revenue effect of the reduced sales. The fixed charges were approximately 50% of industrial gross margin during the second quarter. The biggest and the lasting impact occurs when customers go out of business. But we took write-off of two large customer bankruptcies in the quarter, both customers continue to operate. In addition, we're starting to see some positive trends for the hardest hit industrial sectors of chemicals, refineries and primary metals. And despite some delays, the prime industrial expansions for this year remain on track. However, recovery will depend in large part on how the economy fares for the rest of the year and beyond. Turning to Entergy Nuclear quarterly results were below the prior year due primarily to lower revenue from additional planned and unplanned outages and a significant impairment record on certain decommissioning trust fund investments. Again this quarter the decline in production stemmed largely from the front end loaded refueling outage schedule this year. Refueling outage dates at three plants resulted in an additional of 59 outage days over the one refueling outage we had in the second quarter of 2008. Lower revenue was partially offset by a reduction in operation and maintenance expense as costs were deferred for resources supporting refueling activities. The next refueling outages for the non-utility nuclear fleet are planned for the spring of 2010, a year in which we have four nuclear units scheduled for refueling versus three in 2009. Decommissioning trust fund impairments recorded this quarter were significantly higher than impairments recorded in the second quarter of 2008 results. Accounting rules require that unrealized losses sustained over a period of time must be recognized as an other than temporary impairment. Specifically the rules call for an assessment to possible impairment in each quarter. Looking at each individual decommissioning fund and within each fund assessing the market value of each investment versus its historical cost basis. While broad market indices have rebounded strongly since the early March lows, those recoveries have not made up for the loss in market value against the historical cost of the investment. This loss was created by market conditions in 2008, and early part of 2009. Finally, the non-nuclear wholesale asset business' results improved this quarter due primarily to lower income taxes. Slide 4 recaps our cash flow performance for the quarter. Operating cash flow increased by 177 million compared to the same period last year driven by deferred fuel contribution of 350 million at the utility, lower income tax payments of $93 million at the utility, parent and other and the reduction in working capital of $28 million at the non-nuclear wholesale assets business. Offsets include a $160 million increase in utility working capital and at Entergy Nuclear lower revenues of $62 million due to additional outages and fueling outage costs and spin off dis-synergies of 52 million. Looking ahead our overall liquidity position remains very strong, as shown on slide 5. In fact, our outlook on liquidity enabled us to substantially reduce our outstanding result for the balance. Untapped revolver capacity now stands at just under 1.6 billion at the end of the second quarter compared to 725 million last quarter and we still have nearly $1.3 billion in cash. For the year, we continue to project net liquidity resources of about $2 billion. Projected 2009 liquidity usage continue to include the completion of the roughly $600 million remaining under our share repurchase programs. Consistent with prior statements, the share repurchases were expected to be weighted towards the second half of 2009. No share repurchases were made through June 30th of this year. After the close of the second quarter, however, our projected solid liquidity position enabled us to resume share repurchases suspended since the fall of 2008. Slide 6 details are revised 2009 operational earnings guidance of 6.20 to 6.80 per share announced last month. As reported earnings guidance is now $6 to 6.60 per share reflecting $0.14 of spin-off dis-synergies and the $0.06 of spin-off transactions costs incurred year-to-date. Like any year, some of them have turned against us since the time we initially set guidance although this has been positive. We plan for a range of outcomes in guidance in fact to widen range this year to reflect a larger unsold energy position at Entergy Nuclear. As the years unfolded however, the combination of two specific market events caused us to revise our guidance. First the unprecedented financial market conditions triggered recognition of an additional significant decommissioning trust impairment of $0.19 per share in the second quarter of 2009 on top of the $0.05 recorded in the first quarter. That outcome was not reflected in our initial guidance because of the inherent difficulty in predicting financial market performance, particularly in these uncertain times. Though some companies treat impairments of special items, we report them within our operational results. Also, power prices on Entergy Nuclear's open position declined significantly during the second quarter averaging in a low $30 per megawatt range. Current market conditions reflected in published power prices when we revised our guidance to adjust the balance of the year pricing around the mid $30 per megawatt range. Considering results for the first half of the year we now expect the average 2009 price for Entergy Nuclear's merchant position to approach $40 per megawatt hour. A drop of nearly 20 hours in megawatt hour from the level originally assumed in the guidance. In spite of these challenges the shift we have made in our revised 2009 guidance range is less than implied based solely on the decommissioning impairments and lower prices. While we continue to face pressure on utility sales compared to the initial guidance assumptions, we could see other opportunities to make up some long lost ground in 2009 including achieving constructive regulatory outcomes into utility, operating the non-utility nuclear fleet safely and efficiently now that the refueling outages are behind us, pursuing efforts to control spending while protecting value and executing our share repurchase program while maintaining our financial flexibility and strength. While we're disappointed that we are unable to hold on to our original guidance range, you can be assured that the management team remains committed to achieving positive outcomes on the variables it does control. Before closing I'd like to offer some thoughts on what has changed and more importantly what hasn't changed since we originally announced our plan for the spin-off in November of 2007. We continue to see multiple leverage to create long term value in both of our businesses as illustrated on slide 7 through both high and low price environment and exercise opportunities for growth. The non-nuclear fleet is well positioned to benefit as the economy rebounds and carbon constrained world becomes a reality. In contrast, acquisitions when prices are low could add to EBITDA while expanding product offerings, reducing risk and improving credit. The amended petition we will file next week in New York will demonstrate enhancements to Enexus' already robust financial strength and flexibility. The pursuit of opportunities of Enexus will be more efficient once the separation is complete. In some cases, efforts to enhance the financial profile of Enexus would not be possible in our current structure. For the utility our earnings story remains unchanged with underlying growth of 3 to 4%, with ample investment opportunities that benefit customers and meet our obligations to serve. In addition, we continue to see another 3 to 4% from recapitalization of Entergy Fund to spin. The new split-off structure is simply a different means to the same end. We still expect to use a portion of the proceeds from the spin-off transactions to reduce debt at Entergy and repurchase Entergy shares. However, now the full extent on the share reduction will be achieved through a combination of traditional repurchases and a split-off future whereby Enexus shares initially held in trust are expected to be exchanged for Entergy shares. The exact mix of debt and equity retired will alternatively depend upon a number of factors, including free cash flow to Enexus through to date of the spin off and future stock prices of Entergy and Enexus. While we affirm Entergy's post spin-off aspiration of 68% per year annualized earnings per share growth through 2012 we continue to explore our line of sight to grow the utility even more through additional capital deployment and improving ROEs at each utility operating company. A point of view driven company requires discipline and flexibility to adjust our tactics along the way as the business environment changes. Our five-year financial aspirations for Entergy and Enexus that we set back in 2007 are essentially unchanged. What also hasn't changed is our believe that the potential value proposition for the spin-off remains strong. And now the Entergy's team is available for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll first to Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning guys.
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning Greg.
Greg Gordon: As we look at the new guidance, well there is a recently articulated guidance range. Yeah, you guys go to a lot of detail on pages 5 and 6 of your quarterly press release. For one of the things that you say on page 6 is that the -- and I presume this is all to the middle of the range that which presumes normal weather and retail sales growth of just under 3% as drivers for the utility. But when I look at the weather adjusted sales, you take the utility, I don't remember what page it's on here, they're down a little more than 1% on residential and little less than 10% on industrial. So, does that mean that we're trending towards lower end of the new guidance range right now if you were to annualize those types of sales numbers?
J. Wayne Leonard: No, Greg, it doesn't those sales levels are things that we made in the normal range of guidance, we're actually working to overcome. So, it's taken into consideration when we set the new guidance range where sales levels would be going forward.
Greg Gordon: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning guys.
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: I want to touch basically on the spin-off and the Vermont decommissioning issue and I guess the contract negotiations. And just where you see those heading and when do you think we will get some sort of clarity on that?
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning, Paul. Somewhere to what we've been doing in New York we've been having a variety of conversations with the parties up in Vermont to work towards a new PPA that would be factored in with the Certificate Of Public that we have to get from both the commission and the legislature. And as it relates to the -- I mean those things are moving along and we have a schedule of meetings that we've laid out to see if we get to some agreement on that. As it relates to the decommissioning I think it's within the second week of August we'll be filing with the NRC a plan to deal with the minimum funding requirement shortfall that we have in Vermont.
Paul Patterson: Well, I guess what I meant was the license extension issue, I mean it seems like all since you wrapped on the contract negotiations and just sort of -- I mean then we got the spin in there as well, I mean do you think that there is a possibility for global settlement here in terms of getting all those issues resolved or?
J. Wayne Leonard: Yeah, definitely I mean, we're really dealing with both issues up there, both the PPA negotiations and spin itself. So, the timeframe that we're looking at is we'll get those completed and orders out the commission before the end of the year.
Paul Patterson: And in terms of New York and the new structure that we are talking about in general, has there been in terms of rating agency or what have you, have they re-assessed what the Enexus situation might be because of this -- these enhancements that you guys have made? And could you share those with us?
Leo Denault: Paul, this is Leo. Obviously, we continue to have dialogue with rating agencies about where we are heading with the entire company Entergy and Enexus pre and post spin. The details of those, we really wouldn't get into but it's safe to say that we have a continuing dialogue with them all the time regardless of our strategies and that the kinds of things that we'd be looking out, we've informed them of and provide them that kind of information.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll go on to Goldman Sachs, Michael Lapides.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys actually, couple of questions on the utilities. First of all, I notice the -- in the appendix for that has the authorized rate of returns of the various utilities that the band is a little bit different in Mississippi that it previously had been. Can you address that? Can you also address in Louisiana, the formula rate plans and whether the current structure of the formula rate plans gives you an opportunity to actually earn your ROEs in future years?
Gary Taylor: Hey well, hi Michael. How are you? It's Gary. I guess I really start with the Louisiana first because when we look at where we are and I think the formula rate plans have served us well in both jurisdictions but they are calculated differently. In Louisiana though we really are focusing on where the target is normally set to the bottom of the band, once you are below it, is trying to make improvements that allow us to set that closer to the midpoint of the band as part of what we think is important as this FRP going forward to allow us to be able the opportunity especially in the cost environment to get closer to that target ROE. And we've focused on that. In Mississippi, it's actually calculated each time and it's based on a number of different calculations that they had done and as it floats from year-to-year based on the inputs to that.
Michael Lapides: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Lopiccolo I'll turn things back over to you.
Michele Lopiccolo: Okay. Thank you, operator and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliant statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 4219567. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo  Investor Relations J. Wayne Leonard  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Leo Denault  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard Smith  Chief Operating Officer Gary Taylor  Group President Utility Operations Michael Kansler  President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold  Merrill Lynch Annie Tsao - with AllianceBernstein Ashar Khan  Incremental Capital Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs Steve Fleishman  Catapult Capital 
Operator: Welcome to the Entergy Corporation first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo. 
Michele Lopiccolo: We will begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. 
J. Wayne Leonard: Let me begin with the review of the numerous regulatory developments at the utility since the beginning of the year. Starting with Arkansas, considering the magnitude of statewide damage following the recovery from a storm, it was every bit as devastating in some areas as the twin eye storms of December 2000.  The Arkansas Public Service Commission approved Entergy Arkansas's request for an accounting order authorizing the deferral of the operation and maintenance cost portion of the ice storm restoration costs pending review for future recovery. Subsequently, the Arkansas Legislature passed legislation requiring the APSC to permit storm costs in Sevier County for electric public utilities when requested.  Entergy Arkansas filed its request for storm reserve accounting in March and expects to file a storm ice recovery case in second half of 2009. In addition, the legislature enacted storm securitization legislation consistent with the practice in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. And if you think back to where we were four years ago, we didn't have any of those.  Moving from ice storms to hurricanes, the Texas Legislature also passed storm cost recovery legislation with this legislation, more comprehensive in the Texas legislation specific to Hurricane Rita in 2006. Most importantly, this legislation is in agreement providing the Public Utility Commission of Texas broad authority to address storm recovery in the future without obtaining new legislative authority.  Consistent with this legislation, Entergy Texas initiated its storm proceeding on April 21. Entergy Texas is seeking an initial determination that its recoverable storm restoration costs are $577.5 million, including system restoration costs incurred through February plus certain estimates of unbilled costs or ongoing costs.  Under the new legislation, these costs are eligible for securitization through separate PUCT order in a companion financing proceeding, along with carrying costs, on approved system restoration at Entergy Texas weighted average cost of capital. The provision for carrying costs at the weighted average cost of capital is a meaningful addition to the previous legislation.  Pursuant to this legislation, the PUCT has 150 days from Entergy Texas filing date to provide an order determining the amount eligible for recovery and securitization. Entergy Texas may and in fact plans to file for financing order prior to the expiration of the 150-day period. Following which the PUCT has 90 days or until the amount eligible for recovery is resolved to issue a financing order.  This process aligns with Entergy Texas objective to finalize storm recovery by the end of the year following a major storm. You may recall that securitization legislation is already in agreement in Louisiana. Both Entergy Gulf states Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana expect to initiate their storm proceedings in the very near future.  Finally, Entergy New Orleans resolved its plan for cost recovery as part of its comprehensive rate settlement approved by the City Council in April. Entergy New Orleans will continue to draw on its storm reserves until all deferred operation and maintenance expenses have been recovered.  Capital costs will be deferred and reflected at Entergy New Orleans initial annual formula rate plan filing for the 2009 test year. In the interim until the cash is collected, the agreement allows Entergy New Orleans to record and collect carrying cost on the capital cost to be recovered at Entergy New Orleans weighted average cost of capital.  To summarize, of the roughly $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion total cost estimate for Hurricanes Gustov and Ike and the Arkansas ice storm, including both capital and non-capital, nearly 80% is eligible for recovery through securitization. And another 16% has already been collected by drawing down on funded to storm reserves with the balance to be recovered through the Arkansas extraordinary storm damage rider, future draw downs against Entergy New Orleans funded storm reserves, and finally traditional rate making processes.  The comprehensive rate settlement in New Orleans also includes a $35 million electric rate reduction effective beginning June. This reduction was made possible because of a more rapid economic recovery in New Orleans following Hurricane Katrina than originally predicted. On the other hand, the ongoing costs for providing gas service in New Orleans required a gas rate increase of nearly $5 million a year. Other aspects of this settlement include the establishment of a new formula rate plan, including a special rider for recovery of capacity additions, full realignment of Grand Gulf cost recovery from fuel to base rates, implementation of energy conservation demand programs, and gas hedging to lock in gas prices and create greater stability for the summer of 2009 power generation costs.  Terms of the formula rate plan include an 11.1% electric ROE and a 10.75% gas ROE with a plus or minus 40 basis point bandwidth for electric and 50 basis points for gas. In the event earnings fall outside of the band, earnings will be reset to the midpoint ROE.  After Katrina when Entergy New Orleans was in bankruptcy proceedings, the city took timely and extraordinary action to assist the company's financial recovery and obtained credit metrics necessary to exit bankruptcy in only 20 months to attract the capital required to rebuild the system and maintain service reliability on an ongoing basis.  There was concern from some that after the emergency passed the importance of credit quality would be forgotten by our regulators, the City Council. That was not the case. The Council should be commended for the settlement of some very difficult issues that barely balance the interest of all parties and maintains the financial liability of Entergy New Orleans.  Finally, Entergy New Orleans was pleased when the Louisiana Supreme Court overturned a Louisiana Appeals Court ruling and reinstated the rulings previously made by the New Orleans City Council in a Gordon proceeding involving Entergy New Orleans. In other rate case developments, the Public Utility Commission of Texas approved the unanimous settlement of Entergy Texas rate case. The $46.7 million base rate increase represents the first base rate increase since 1991.  In formula rate plan matters, the Entergy Mississippi filing made in March shows an actual earned return on equity during the test year of 7.41% calling for a $14.5 million rate increase. The Supreme Court also issued a briefing schedule for Entergy Mississippi's appeal of its 2007 test year FRP ruling whereby the Mississippi Public Service Commission rejected the stipulated settlement between the Mississippi Public Utility staff and the company of just under a $4 million increase. Finally in Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana continue ongoing discussions with the commission staff on the extension of their formula rate plans.  In other utility matters, last week Entergy Texas also filed a transition of competition proposal indicating that it is agreeable to either staying in circ or move to ERCOT depending on the commission's policy direction. However, Entergy Texas concluded that given the ability options, ERCOT is the only qualified power region capable of supporting full customer choice in the reasonably foreseeable future. At the same time legislation has also been introduced requiring Entergy Texas to cease all transition of competition activities, thus Entergy Texas is at a crossroad and needs a decision. More immediately, Entergy Texas must choose whether to go forward with its western region generation project, which is needed if Entergy Texas stays in circ but not if Entergy Texas joins ERCOT.  And again, the main reason to join ERCOT is if the state intends for Entergy Texas to move to full customer choice, but there's a bill and a legislature that would prohibit that. But regardless, Entergy Texas needs a decision if it is to best serve its customers in an effective and efficient manner.  Regarding utility supply plan matters, in response to a commission order Entergy Louisiana recommended that it continue the temporary suspension of Little Gyp's re-powering project and make a filing with the LPSC seeking a longer term suspension of three years or more until more clarity can be obtained on project economics.  This action was based on a number of factors including the uncertain costs of environmental issues, the recent decline in natural gas prices and changes in the capital and financial markets. The order approving the project allows for the recovery of prudently incurred costs in the event of a material change in the project's need or economics.  Given the fact history's regulated utilities remain short of the capacity on a long-term basis, on March 31 the system posted notice that it intends to proceed with another long-term RFP. In addition outside the formal RFP process, the system continues to hold discussions with various suppliers for resources that may provide compelling benefits to customers consistent with the utilities portfolio transformation strategy and needs. As a reflection on the utility's operating capabilities, Entergy's operating companies received both the emergency recovery and emergency assistance awards this spring from the Edison Electric Institute. Entergy is the only company to be honored every year since the awards were first presented 11 years ago. Entergy also received Chartwell Incorporated's Best Practices Award for serving low income customers for its exceptional commitment and innovative approach to helping poverty stricken customers move towards self-sufficiency. And another testament to Entergy's operating capabilities, the Arkansas Nuclear One site proved that safety first is more than just a saying. Nearly 23 million hours worked over a span of almost nine years without a lost time accident is a remarkable feat for any industrial facility. That is exactly what Arkansas and Nuclear One employees have accomplished and the meter is still running. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration recently approved ANO's continued participation at the voluntary projection program star level, the program's highest rating, a status ANO has maintained for 12 years and a nuclear industry record. Solid operations also characterized quarterly performance for the nine utility nuclear fleet with the fleet delivering a 92% capacity factor and two planned refueling outages commencing during the quarter totaling 30 days. Excluding planned refueling outages, this result was roughly on par with the 97% capacity factor received a year ago.  Entergy Nuclear also announced that it was teaming with Enercon to offer distinct nuclear development services ranging from existing plant re-licensing to full service new plant deployment. The new venture will join the combined expertise of both industry leaders allowing a full spectrum of customer focused services that further the company's leadership in the nuclear arena.  Enercon has decades of experience in providing engineering, environmental, technical and management services in a highly competitive field. Coupled with Entergy's nuclear leadership and operations and new plant deployment, this team has the potential to benefit the industry in many ways.  Finally, Entergy Nuclear continues to pursue license renewal efforts and was pleased that the U.S. Supreme Court recognized in Entergy versus Riverkeeper in what may well be a landmark case for the nuclear industry and industry more generally, that the Clean Water Act does allow a balancing of costs and benefits. Success in this case followed a long struggle up and down the federal court system. The U.S. Supreme Court's ruling was certainly a positive step toward the rational regulation of cooling water intake structures at electric power plants. The decision does not in any way leave the nation's waters without the necessary or substantial protections under the Clean Water Act and parallel state programs.  Indeed, given Entergy's long support of the rigorous protection of our nation's air and water, what this decision really does is confirm that a rational, sustainable regulatory system must also consider and balance the cost of environmental protection against the people's needs for efficient energy resources. This means difficult choices may need to be made. That is what the process the regulatory scheme needs to posture.  Turning now to strategic initiatives, our strategy remains unchanged. We're appointed new based company seeking to create value for owners through a business model and focus on operational excellence and portfolio and risk management. We continue to see value in pursuing a spin-off of Enexus, which will have our non-utility nuclear assets. We're committed to maintaining the balance sheet and the financial headroom to provide the flexibility to manage risk and act on opportunities particularly during distressed times. The utilities portfolio transformation strategy may well include more asset acquisitions or may rely on long-term power purchases if the risk can be appropriately managed or some combination of both of those. The Enexus long-term growth strategy always envisions some consolidation of that sector and value added from turning standalone assets into an integrated portfolio with a business purpose. Simply getting bigger is not a legitimate business purpose. We've said many times that we constantly re-evaluate our point of view as the market, legislation or competitive issues evolve, seeking new opportunities that may not have existed before and eliminating those that have diminished with the passage of time for subsequent events. Our interest in acquiring generation assets both nuclear and fossil is one of those timeless opportunities and we transact when the timing is right, meaning necessary criteria for investment are satisfied. We also recognize that the market seeks certainly even in these very uncertain times. Owning a company that relies upon a dynamic market-based point of view may otherwise be inconsistent with why you own a more predictable cost of service regulated utility. Given that, let me just say as to our point of view, in these uncertain times we believe today's environment is more ripe for potential acquisition opportunities.  To some extent, this applies to certain assets that are currently perceived as out of favor. Some of that is for good reason and some of that is simply due to capital market constraints and the prowess that comes with uncertainty, like the lack of good information on the state of the economy or the likelihood of climate change legislation and its ultimate design.  Regardless of whether the market is better and returns are attractive, any potential transaction must meet many other tests, not the least of which are certain financial integrity metrics and ability to employ adequate risk management strategies before and after the transaction would close.  Given the market opportunities, we have had a busy schedule the last few months. Actually, ever since we announced the spin-off in November of 2007. But again, just so we are as clear as we can be in these uncertain times, outside of ongoing utility portfolio transformation initiatives, we are not currently in active discussions with any party on a transaction. Again, that's not that we haven't scrubbed the market. It's not that we haven't had exploratory discussions when there was an interest by the other party and the transaction was interesting on paper.  We are a point of view company. That's what we do. It's part of the price of discovery process as well as the value creation process. There will always be rumors, but be mindful this company and its board place a priority on credit quality and financial flexibility. Any consideration of any transaction starts and ends with the assurances that we are not putting the financial integrity of the company at peril or unnecessary risk. And I emphasize, that is when it ends. That is our practice. That is my personal experience. That has been our record. We have the right checks and balances in place to ensure we are appropriately balancing risk and reward, stability and growth. While we may not be able to predict what comes next, or even be entirely predictable from the outside looking in, there is one thing you can count on. We will be relentless in seeking value and managing risk and we will be well-prepared to seize whatever opportunities may ultimately come our way in these uncertain times. Now, let me turn the call over to Leo. 
Leo Denault: In my remarks today I will cover quarterly results our liquidity position and cash flow performance, the status of our share repurchase programs, and our '09 earnings guidance. Looking first at our financial results on slide two, we are about where we expected to be after the first quarter. Even though results were below last year, many of the business factors turned out as we expected. At Entergy Nuclear results reflect two planned nuclear refueling outages commencing in the quarter compared to only one a year ago, and a reduction in the scheduled revenue amortization of the Palisades below market PPA.  Other expected quarter-over-quarter variances include increased other taxes after the inclusion of a favorable tax audit settlement in the first quarter of 2008, incremental costs for the planned spin-off of the non-utility nuclear business, lower utility and Entergy nuclear sales because of 1% fewer calendar days in the quarter after the 2008 leap year, and pressure from the economy on utility sales which we had considered in our expectations.  The nuclear spin-off costs have two components, expenses for third-party services to complete the spin and incremental dis-synergies we are incurring to maintain a position of rolling readiness for the spin. Both of these are classified as special items and thus are excluded from operational results.  While we projected a softer first quarter, some things happened that are not part of the normal planning assumptions. These generally relate to external factors beyond our control, such as milder than normal weather and financial market underperformance that resulted in the impairments on certain decommissioning trust fund investments.  Our earnings guidance assumes normal weather and does not incorporate assumptions predicting decommissioning asset performance. In fact, were it not for weather and the trust impairments, the quarter would have been ahead of our expectations. Weather and financial market outcomes are outside of our control and difficult to predict, particularly in the broader financial markets in uncertain times. Though some companies treat such impairments as a special item, we report them within our operational results.  Slide three presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. Utility parent and other declined primarily as a result of higher other taxes and depreciation and amortization expenses. The absence of the first quarter 2008 favorable tax audit settlement and higher ad valorem into franchise taxes in the current quarter contributed to the unfavorable other tax variance. A portion of the 2008 tax audit settlement was incurred at System Entergy and, therefore, was offset in net revenue at the time. Higher depreciation and amortization expense is associated with increased utility rate base. While utility sales were down for all customer classes reflecting the weak economy and fewer days in the current reporting period, net revenue was essentially flat. The largest sales reduction was seen in the industrial sector. Lower demand from large industrial customers was led by weakness in chemicals, primary metals and refining sectors. Overseas competition also weighed on small and mid-sized industrial customers. Facility charges paid by industrial customers that do not vary with volume tempered the revenue effect of the reduced sales. Also contributing to net revenue was the rate increase implemented at Entergy Texas in January of 2009, the first base rate increase in 18 years and the absence of the negative net revenue adjustment last year for the tax item previously discussed. Absent the effects of the 2008 hurricanes and planned industrial expansions, utility sales are forecasted to be nearly flat for the year in our 2009 guidance. In the first quarter, weather adjusted sales for residential and commercial customers were about where we expected them to be and industrial demand was softer than forecasted. Although we are seeing some delays, to date no large industrial expansions have been cancelled. However, sales for the rest of the year will depend in large part on weather and how fast the economy can recover.  Moving to Entergy Nuclear, quarterly results were below the prior year due primarily to lower revenue and impairment recorded on certain decommissioning trust fund investments. Lower quarterly net revenue resulted primarily from quarter-over-quarter timing differences in planned refueling outages for our non-utility nuclear fleet. Three refueling outages are planned this spring compared to one last spring.  Two of these refueling outages began in the first quarter resulting in 23 additional outage days compared to the first quarter of 2008. The reverse will occur this fall. We do not have any plants scheduled for refueling outages compared to two plant refuelings mostly in the fourth quarter of 2008. Additionally, fewer days in the quarter resulted in reduced sales volumes compared to the same quarter last year. The non-nuclear wholesale business recorded operational results this quarter about equal to the first quarter of 2008.  Slide four recaps our cash flow performance for the first quarter 2009, which shows a decrease compared to the same period last year. The major items that contributed to lower operating cash flow includes spending on system repairs for the January 2009 ice storms in Arkansas and the September 2008 hurricanes totaling $314 million, increased working capital requirements at the utility of $113 million and $23 million of nuclear dis-synergies and spin-off costs. The primary offset was an increased contribution from deferred fuel at the utility in the amount of $471 million. As reflected on slide five, our current liquidity position and outlook for '09 remains very solid. At the end of the first quarter we had more than $2.5 billion of ready liquidity. This is made up of nearly $2 billion of cash and the remainder in untapped revolver capacity. For the year, our net liquidity resources are on track to exceed $2 billion over the planned uses of cash. Turning next to the status of our share repurchase program or potential use of our substantial liquidity position, as detailed on slide six we had roughly $600 million of repurchase authority at the end of the first quarter. As we've indicated previously, we are taking a measured approach to share repurchases this year, our approach balances current liquidity requirements with potential investment opportunities including our own stock. Applying this disciplined approach to capital deployment we did not make any share repurchases during the quarter. Our '09 guidance assumes share repurchases are backend loaded in consideration of the spring refueling outages and upcoming hurricane season. As we go through the coming months, we will continually monitor our liquidity position to maintain financial strength and flexibility as we evaluate opportunities to execute on our share repurchase program. Slide seven details our current '09 operational earnings guidance of $6.70 to $7.30 per share assuming business as usual operations. As reported, earnings guidance ranges from $6.56 to $7.16 per share reflecting $0.14 of spin-off dis-synergies, we are affirming these guidance ranges today.  However, if economic conditions and northeast power prices continue at current levels for the remainder of the year, we would expect earnings to approach the lower end of the range. Since initiating guidance near-term, northeast power prices have continued to decline with the steepest decline occurring in the front end of the curve. Forwards for the balance of 2009 on a per megawatt hour basis now average around $40 versus the $58 average price we assumed in guidance.  In addition, the impact of the current economic weakness remains a key uncertainty. In spite of the challenges in today's market and today's economic climate, we remain committed to achieving positive outcomes on variables we control. As I said earlier, some things in the quarter worked out as we expected and some did not. Looking across the entire year, our view of the quarterly spread of earnings has not changed significantly. Specifically, we expected our '09 earnings to be backend loaded in the third and fourth quarters.  As detailed on slide eight, factors affecting earnings include utility sales growth driven by the effects of the third quarter 2008 hurricanes and timing of industrial customer expansions later in the year, the absence of significant fourth quarter 2008 charge in Entergy Arkansas and no planned nuclear refueling outages this fall with Entergy Nuclear versus 16 days for one plant in the third quarter increasing to a total of 32 days for two plants in the fourth quarter of 2008.  In addition, share repurchases are likely to be more backend loaded this year as we balance the liquidity needs to maintain financial flexibility and capital deployment opportunities. In closing, we continue to be focused on the aspirations for both the utility and merchant businesses that we set out for this year and beyond. At the utility to portfolio transformation initiative presents a significant strategic opportunity in today's market. You will recall last fall we delayed our long-term procurement efforts to re-evaluate the utility's long-term needs in light of uncertain economic conditions and rapidly changing financial markets. This analysis confirmed the need for additional generation in key parts of the system.  Today's economic and financial climate could enable opportunistic purchases just like the Perryville, Attala, Calcasieu and Ouachita plants in recent years. Regarding the spin, we believe the strategic benefits in separating the utility business from the non-utility nuclear business remain compelling. The good news here is that the credit markets have steadily improved as we work through the regulatory processes in New York and Vermont.  So far this year more than $20 billion in high yield new issuances have been placed at rates ranging from 8.25% to 12.5% for double B rated credits. More encouraging, recent financings have been accomplished at the bottom end of the range. Granted, the credit markets remain volatile and rates will depend on many factors, including the offering size, whether it is secured or unsecured, and whether it is a new issue or on a follow-on issuance. Since the beginning of the financial crisis, we have seen multiple windows favorable financing Enexus and we will maintain our readiness to do so at the appropriate time. Economic conditions today present challenges and opportunities, but we are just as ready to step up to those challenges as at any point in the past.  And now, the Entergy team is available for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to sort to sort of touch base on exactly where we were with the Enexus. What the regulators in New York and Vermont sort of want and sort of what's the holdup there?
J. Wayne Leonard: Rick, you want to address that? 
Richard Smith: Yes, I'll take a shot at that. It's a consistent issue between them. It's been a little bit of their view that they're checking Entergy Corp. against Enexus and really the financial viability, are they losing a little something as they move from Entergy Corp. to Enexus? And we've been working through those issues with them.  It's known that we're in settlement negotiations with staff in New York, and we've done a lot of work with them over the last couple of months providing them really stress scenarios around Enexus and how the liquidity is as strong going forward as it has been with Entergy in the past, and different items related to the balance sheet. Similarly, you got the same thing going on with the staff up in Vermont. So I think we've made quite a bit of progress with both the staffs over the last couple of months, and we're honing in on some key issues with both of them that I think at the end of the day will satisfy their concerns.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, so going forward what should we think about as being some of the new-term catalysts happening in those states and sort of the timing around them?
Richard Smith: Well, it's probably going to take an additional couple months to get through those discussions with them and we hope to reach some resolution with both of them that will be able to be filed with both commissions.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So we're talking, like July?
Richard Smith: I think that's a fair date when we might be able to wrap up our conversations with the staff.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold  Merrill Lynch: Had a quick question on the Little Gypsy proceeding and then how it relates to Waterford 3 and the steam generator? I those proceedings were locked together. Is there any reason why they would continue to be locked together or will we need to just wait and see what you file in response to the request that you filed for longer term around Little Gypsy?
J. Wayne Leonard: We'll let Gary Taylor, the president of our utilities to address that one. 
Gary Taylor: As far as Little Gypsy, the proceeding that was tied together was the portion that dealt with [Aquip] that tied in part of those proceedings. Clearly, we'll file this, as Leo talk about earlier, going on with the temporary suspension in the three-year timeframe of Little Gypsy, and be making that filing discuss specifically the costs that have been spent to date, and the recovery, and the wrapping up of that project and putting it into a long-term suspension. We'll see how that decision goes. Since they were tied together, we do already have approval for the Waterford 3 steam generator project going forward, and I think we'll see, as that decision is made, whether the PSC accepts putting that into long-term suspension as to whether or not we will withdraw that portion of [Aquip] with Waterford 3 steam generators.
Jonathan Arnold  Merrill Lynch: So you might still have to apply for [Aquip] on Waterford 3 separately. Is that correct?
Gary Taylor: That would be correct. Those two were tied together by the Public Service Commission and it is possible, but I think we're evaluating at this time to see whether or not that's required going forward. But it will also be based on the final decision from the PSC on the longer term suspension of the Little Gypsy project.
Jonathan Arnold  Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And if I may ask another one, Wayne, I think we've said on the last quarterly call that, while your point of view was unchanged in the longer term, the sequence of events might need to shift around. And I think you said this morning you're talking about potentially having a broader portfolio at Enexus. Do you have a clear sense here today as to whether we're still talking about a spin of a purely nuclear company, or whether it's more likely that you would have broadened the portfolio at a pre-spin or is that a post-spin event? Any shift in your feeing around sequence of events, I guess?
J. Wayne Leonard: Well, like I said, we have scrubbed the market. We've placed priority on those that didn't seem to make the most sense, and where you had parties that aligned with our point of view and weren't looking for a greater pool was simply looking for a transaction that made sense for everybody.  We haven't found that party, and given the capital market constraints at this point in time, I think how, I hate to use the word rapidly because it doesn't feel rapid to you all, but that we are moving toward getting resolution of the spin in the various states. I would say that on the last call when I said the sequence of events may change how it emphasized back to may change, and I would emphasize today that it probably won't change.  Like I said, it's a probably and it's a may, but I would say the clearest path today is the path we started down. There may be some wrinkles when we get to the end of all this to enhance value for our shareholders relative to the spin, but basically, I think we're on track to where we were a year ago, six months ago, whatever, when we talked to you all at this stage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Annie Tsao - with AllianceBernstein.
Annie Tsao - with AllianceBernstein: I have a couple questions, if I may. First, can you just walk through your acquisition strategy? I got in late and maybe you talked about it. Are you willing to take some dilution in the first couple years if it makes sense in the long run? That's my first question. Second question has to do with your industrial low. You mentioned about industrial lows down about 13%, primarily because of the chemical metal and refinery industry, but then you said the net revenue has no impact. Can you just kind of explain that in a little bit more detail, how should we look at that going forward for the rest of the year if industrial demands continue to deteriorate, how should we look at that? And lastly, can you just comment on your bad debt and pension impact? 
J. Wayne Leonard : Okay, on the acquisition side, I think all of the acquisitions that we made at the utility, we take to the commission, we get a special rider to purchase the power in the interim, and then we have the mechanism, generally, to true that up when the acquisition is made so we don't have a tuition issue associated with the new plant being added to the utility portfolio. And I think we've been successful at all of those, and that would be our intent in the future is, obviously, in the public interest as well as our own, that those not be held back by issues of acquiring something in between rate cases or special rate cases for those types of things. Acquisitions outside of the utility, we did talk a little bit about, and kind of without going into a lot of detail of what we talked about, those are most likely to occur at an Enexus not at Entergy, given the path that we're on towards the spin. In analysis of that, as we've thought about it over this elongated period of time that we've been kind of in this rolling state of readiness to move forward, and in the process of what I mentioned was scrubbing the marketplace for potential acquisitions that would be helpful to the Enexus upon spin.  There was a number of criteria that we used and certainly the value portion, the cash flows are the first thing that we look at and the credit metrics along with that, and whether or not it endangered the credit metrics of either entity in the interim or in excess ultimately and whether our transaction was big enough to make a difference and not so big that it actually did that. We also looked at, considered the optionality of the portfolio, the optionality to meet Enexus business purpose and the optionality to others who for those assets that did not fit into their business purpose, so what the liquidity would be for those other assets. And obviously, we've considered the debt levels and the covenants around the debt levels and with the objective being not getting ourselves or Enexus into a situation where they have to refinance a bunch of debt in this marketplace.  There are a lot of ways around that that bondholders may or may not agree to. Sometimes companies have cash on hand that would allow them not to go to market, but there are other ways that you could get around it with bondholders consent. But, there's probably 10 or 15 different things in addition to straight dilution that we would look at that are probably more important to us than that.  The accounting rules, without getting into those, are changing which makes it a little bit more complicated to explain dilution issues, and those will be more clear probably if somebody does a transaction.  There may be issues around how you record upfront versus on an ongoing basis, but obviously, the transaction that we would look at it's possible that it might have dilution, particularly considering the accounting rules after you record a gain in maybe year one, it might suffer some dilution as you amortize that. But on just a straight economic basis under the old accounting rules, the opportunities are such that you probably wouldn't have to make that choice. But having said that, if the transaction added enough value and had enough optionality attached to it, would Enexus, I guess we're really talking about now, would they take dilution for a year or two in order to capture that value? I suspect that they would, but that will be their decision.  
Gary Taylor: I'll cover the question on our industrial sales. Very similar to what you've seen in many of the other utilities, our industrial sales are down as we also had expected they would be down. Probably a little bit more now than we originally had planned, but if you talk to the ones that Leo talked about, chemical and petroleum refining, that's about 53% of our industrial sales. The other part that I want to reiterate that Leo mentioned is the difference between leap year and this year would be an impact of about 1% on our overall sales. And if you look at how industrial sales are collected, a large portion of those are through a demand charge, and so it's not as volume sensitive as some of our other customer classes. Those other classes have actually been fairly flat. And if you look at our revenues overall, we have been basically flat to the first quarter of last year, very close to our plan. And so the first quarter of this year pretty much reflects the adjustments we made in our guidance and we feel like we're right on top of it.  As Leo also said, we have not had anyone say that they're going to cancel their expansions. Some of the impacts we have seen have been either pushing those a little farther out into the latter end of this year, or in some cases have had some equipment problems coming up and have delayed them. But some of those are back up and in flow operation now. So we would expect that, based on what we've seen from our first quarter, that we're right on top of the guidance that we set.
Leo Denault: Annie, this is Leo. I think you had a question on the pension as well, and our pension funding for the year we still believe it's about $140 million. Obviously, as we look into the future given what's happened in stock market performance with plan assets deteriorating that should have an impact. It will probably have more of an impact as we look at 2010 and beyond funding levels. And given where we sit today, there's been some relief provided by the government in terms of what interest rates to use and the like that have decreased the need for immediate near-term incremental funding around the pensions. That should help smooth that out a little bit and, obviously, it will have a lot to do with what market performance is over the course of the next several months. Interest rates play a large part in it as well as you look at the segment rate in terms of what we're talking about going forward with what the plan obligation will be, and as well as interest rates change they change the obligation as well. So all of those factors should go into what we look at when we get to the 2010 funding.  To give you an example, in 2008 we funded $288 million we'll fund $140 million this year. I would anticipate that that will be higher in the years going forward, 2010 and 2011. Again, a lot of it has to do with market performance of the trust, as well as interest rates and if they rise to change that obligation as well.
Annie Tsao - with AllianceBernstein: Can you also talk about your uncollectible?
Gary Taylor: Like many, we've seen some issues with a couple of our industrial customers but in general, if you look in most of our residential and commercial, our uncollectible has stayed a little bit higher than we've seen historically, but pretty close to what we've seen and it's relatively small, typically less than 1%. 
Annie Tsao - with AllianceBernstein: How about industrial for the uncollectible?
Gary Taylor: The only ones that we've had is we've had two industrial customers, one that was relatively small in Arkansas and in Texas that have, or Louisiana that have filed for bankruptcy but, again, a relatively small number.
Michele Lopiccolo: We need to move on to the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashar Khan  Incremental Capital.
Ashar Khan  Incremental Capital: Leo, I just wanted to understand, you said that if market prices persist we might be at the lower end of the range. If I'm right, the assumption is $50 a megawatt on the unsold energy price. What would it have to be for you to be at the lower end of the range versus that number? 
Leo Denault: Well, right now they're hovering around $40 for the rest of the year, so there's a gap there already. When we build the range, one of the major things we build into the range is why our range might be a different level this year. If you look at our guidance range, it's a little wider than it has been in the past and that's because we had more open position within the northeast. So there's a lot of things that go into it other than just the price of power in the northeast on the utility side and cost side and volume side as it relates to the northeast. But, the prices we're at now are within that tolerance with getting us down to the bottom end of that range in the northeast nuclear position.
Ashar Khan  Incremental Capital: And you would have a better sense by the end of the third quarter? Is that fair?
Leo Denault: Oh, certainly. The third quarter is, obviously, to meet what's going on in the utility side of things as well as what might happen with power prices are going to be driven in large part by what happens in the third quarter as it relates to sales levels with whether third quarter is the big part of the year for utility.  It's also going to have a lot to do with what happens with the impact of rig count declines and demand for natural gas and power needs in the northeast to help drive those prices and, obviously, when we get into these refueling outages and we get into the third quarter with all the plants running and volume and the like.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs:  Two questions, one, on the balance sheet when you kind of look towards the rest of this year in 2010 you'll have roughly $2 billion of cash and, let's say, you bring the $1.2 billion or so from securitizations. What's your mindset in terms of how you'll utilize that? Is your goal to always maintain about $2 billion of cash on the books?
Leo Denault : The cash balance, Michael, is driven by a couple of things. As you recall back in really around this time last year the cash balance is when we started to accumulate a pretty sizeable cash balance, probably May, June of last year for a couple of reasons. One was certainly the liquidity needs of the business are stronger as we get into the hurricane season.  So we always are taking a look at what's going on as it relates to our liquidity needs, and we had power prices that were significantly higher than they are today. So that was a liquidity need that we had. And while we had ample liquidity to draw upon, we built the cash balance last year started doing it around this point in time. Started to accelerate some of the financings that we did at the operating company level, as well as draw down the revolver, because we weren't sure that, quite honestly, that the financial institutions had the same level of financial strength that we did. So we were much more comfortable holding onto the cash ourselves than allowing them to hold onto it for us. So those are the dynamics that built up the cash balance vis--vis, if you look at pretty significant draw on the revolver, for example. We're looking at that again at this point in time this year, and so you may see us pay down some of the revolver capacity if we believe that those financial institutions are going to be there when we turn it around, and make sure that we can manage the business that way. We don't like the friction that it has to have to pay for the drawn facilities but it was well worth it to make sure that we had access to the money. We'll make those same calls going into this season, coming out of these outages that we have going into hurricane season and looking at what liquidity needs and collateral requirements might be, and you might see some trade between, we look at what's available, so you might see some revolver pay down and less cash on the sheets.  But by the end of the year we still anticipate having over $2 billion of liquidity available whether it's cash on the sheets at some level, which would be probably less the full $2 billion in revolver capacity at both the corporate level and the, at the corporate level and the operating company level. And all that plays into, as I said in my prepared remarks, our investment strategies, the buyback strategies, etc. as we move into those out of the outages that got into the hurricane season and review all of the liquidity needs we've got going forward.
Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs: A question on the New England/ New York power markets and your hedging strategy, just curious in terms of what happens to both forward gas prices and forward marginal heat rates impacted your view about wanting to remain more open at an access going forward?
Leo Denault : I'll speak for the near-term. As far as Entergy goes, we have our hedge limits associated with how much we will and won't hedge and those are the limits. We review those on a regular basis and, as we move into the third and fourth quarter this year and we approach 2010, we'll be looking at how to put ourselves to the limits that we set.  But the limits are set to where, if we decide because of our point of view or because of some other knowledge that we have or because of some other factors that we want to move that limit, we can. It's just a lot has to happen internally to allow for that. So we'll be reviewing going into 2010 how we want to hedge the portfolio. Certainly a lot of the financial issues that we talked about that related to the revolver capacity had a lot to do with where we've been currently, as well.  When we look at counterparty risks and we look at the types of people that were in the market in terms of financial institutions, even some of the other strategic type of entities that were involved, we have to make sure that we're comfortable with who we're dealing with from a credit point of view on the other side. But we will, from an Entergy point of view, continue to look at this the same way we always have, be mindful of our point of view and being mindful of the other requirements around the liquidity and capital requirements that go with hedging out the portfolio. Particularly in a low market environment like this, the liquidity piece of it is something that is going to be pretty important.
Operator: Your final question comes from Steve Fleishman - Catapult.
Steve Fleishman  Catapult Capital: Couple of questions related to the spend. First, you guys didn't file the Form 10 after the 10-K was filed, an update to that. So I'm curious why you didn't and when we should expect the new Form 10 and is the debt level going to be the same in there? And then also, just do you need to get your NRC clearance extended I guess is my other question?
Leo Denault: Okay. As far as the Form 10 goes, to date it hasn't necessarily been the top of the priority list, but that's something that I would anticipate you would see us start to move on a little bit more diligently at the moment and go forward, so that should come down the pike here reasonably soon in terms of an update on the Form 10. As far as what it'll have in it, we continue to look at that and that will be a function of as we're going through updating the Form 10 and updating the pro forma's and updating our analysis. Where we sit in terms of what's going on in the financial markets, what we think makes sense from a credit and a financial flexibility point of view, and also what makes sense as it relates to the price of power and what the forecasts look like going forward. So we'll review all of that as we put it together to determine what kind of pro forma's we put in. And the other question was on the NRC extension.
Richard Smith: I think for the first time in history I have five lawyers actually giving me notes that say it won't be a problem. Then you're giving me the opposite opinion. So I'll take that as it won't be a problem. The idea, we've got six months running, that have to close before that, but they all seem pretty comfortable with that, Steve.  
Steve Fleishman  Catapult Capital: Okay and maybe just going back to Leo's answer on the Form 10, it sounds like you may scrub down some of the performers and such that you gave out as part of a new Form 10?
Leo Denault: We always scrub them. It's the same process we go through all the time is that we're constantly running the numbers on what things look like and we'll run them again. But it's the same process we've been through the last, not only when we update the Form 10, but on a regular basis.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. I'd like to the call back over to our speakers.
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you operator and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820 replay code 8064872. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo - Investor Relations J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gary Taylor - Group President Utility Operations Michael Kansler - President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citi Investment John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Group Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Jonathan Arnold - BAS - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo: (Technical Difficulty) results in an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne?
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning. I'll be given by highlighting events since we last meet with UDEI (ph) and then turn to discussion of our 2009 goal. First 2008; to quote the dude in the Big Rebalsky (ph), there's a lot of ups and downs, ins and out and what have you. For what year can you think of the one. The best place to start is with regulatory events with utility. Following a number of constructive outcomes earlier in the year like receiving nearly $1 billion of proceeds from the Louisiana storm securitization process and in paying regulatory approvals on legislations supportive of the utilities efforts to continue transforming and generating portfolio for the benefit of customers, recent developments have been more mixed. In Arkansas the appeals (ph) court decision regarding Entergy Arkansas appeal of the APSC 2007 regulator (ph) and rate case was kind of (inaudible). Basically the court regulator has broad discretion to decide these issues and you get whatever they give. Consequently the appeals court upheld almost all aspects of the APSC rate order based largely on that simple plan, resulting in the fourth quarter charge of roughly $70 million for non-recovery of costs previously accumulated in Entergy occupant (ph) storm reserves and removal costs associated with the lease termination. While commissions do generally have broader authority in determining fact, they are not allowed to substitute their judgment for management's reasonable decisions, not to accede a statutory authority and act arbitrarily and justly without evidence. In this case we believe that not only do specific issues fall into these buckets, but the end result would be inconsistent with the basic principles and Entergy Arkansas was not given a fair opportunity to earn the already low allowed returns set by the APSC. As the time honored US Supreme Court Test relates to pass constitutional muster that we believe has been violated. Some of the parts do not equal the whole; consequently, we the order was contested (ph) for. While the appeals court attempted to count (ph) on second down we're going to play this for now. We have filed a petition to review the appeals court decisions with the Arkansas Supreme Court, which is not an appeal of right and is still pending. On the other hand, a structural lead (ph) was provided by the APSC when they'd approved Entergy Arkansas request for recovery of 2008 extraordinary firm damages. In December, the APSC issued an order approving the process for Entergy Arkansas to recover 22 million of the $26 million, extraordinary from damages through a storm damage rider in 2009. With $4 million disallowed not for prudence (ph) but for one standard deviation at normal variation above the average storm expense built into rate. We beg to differ with this approach. Especially since no party for the case insisted on this reduction as the condition and given the low regulatory terms set by the APSC and further, given at the public interest requires consideration at the interest of all stakeholders including shareholders economic interest. But in fact we don't have to wait (ph). That have the opportunity to voice our concerns in a constructive way, and the APSC started opening the calls with as soon as they got (ph) the regulatory protest. Energy Arkansas specifically recommended that the APSC adopt a rate steady mechanism that aligns customer's interest in timing restoration of service following storm, with the utilities shareholder interest and recovery from expiration costs by providing a workable mechanism to do so. We predict the mechanism is underscored by the recent ice storm that affected Arkansas. With those hurricanes in the south or ice storms in the north, the Utility Operating Companies are the best in the business at restoring the quality of life of customers safely and quickly. The ice storm in North Arkansas was every bit as devastating in some areas as the twin ice storms of December 2000. Only 400,000 customers state wide were affected. Entergy Arkansas has just under 46,000 customers that remained out of service as of yesterday afternoon, down from a peak of 111,000. More than 3500 drill workers, tree trimmers (ph) and support personnel had been mobilized and on site. On the cost recovery fund, Entergy Arkansas was pleased as the APSC recognized the significance of this event, and by the third day of the storm, opened the dock for effectively utilities supply storm cost recovery request. Entergy Arkansas expects to file such requests in the very near future. Regarding the innovative regulatory approach targets, Entergy Arkansas also recommended that the APSC consider and for many formulate great approach, revisiting APSC methodology to determine ROE, given the risk that they are impeding to shareholders, and various dockets and citing, established in fair return (ph) to reflect specific areas of focus (ph) of concern, providing pre-approval for major investments, including construction work in progress and rate base, and recognizing the continuing need for tariff progress (ph) recovery of specific tasks by fuel, and in addition a new capacity between test period and/or rate cases. Entergy Arkansas is pleased the commission's taken initiative to explore these alternative methodologies, particularly given the new challenges facing utilities, and specifically the need for utilities to attract capital required to continue to provide reliable service. In Texas, a unanimous settlement was ultimately achieved among the parties and Entergy Texas rate case. Following the PUCT's rejection of the earlier settlement that included a broad section of stakeholders, but did not include the PUCT's staff or the industrial assessment group. The $46.7 million base rate increase, represents the first base rate increase since 1991, and is still subject to final approval by the administrative broad (ph) judges in the case, and the PUCT. In December, updated analysis were also filed in Entergy Texas qualified power region proceedings. Pursuant to the procedure of schedule, Entergy Texas will submit its updated transitional compensation report at the end of February. Including Entergy Texas's overall recommendations and cost comparisons of the three alternatives under consideration. In Mississippi, relative to a new commission continued to consider questions associated with fuel costs and issues raised by the Mississippi Attorney General, going back some 30 years. Entergy Mississippi understands the new commission's interest in obtaining more information, about commission actions, system tariff, and other issues including fuel purchases, fuel costs, and generation needs and will continue to work with the commission to inform, respond to questions, and develop alternative policies of tariff, if they are found to be of the best interest of customers and fairly balance other stakeholders rights. In the Attorney General matter, Entergy Mississippi, and other affected Entergy companies filed to remove the Attorney General's complaints to U.S. District Court. The appropriate forum to resolve the types of federal matters raised in the Attorney General's file suit. The litigation is wide ranging, and relates to tariffs and procedures under which, Entergy Mississippi obtains power in the wholesale market to meet its electricity demand. Entergy Mississippi believes the Attorney General's compliant is unfounded. And has filed counter claim for injunctive and other relief based upon the Mississippi, Public Utilities Act, and the Federal Power Act. Entergy Mississippi believes that this matter should be resolved in appropriate regulatory forum, and should not be tried in the court of public opinion. In a separate action in January, the MPSC rejected Entergy Mississippi's stipulated agreement with the Mississippi Public Utilities staff. Given the order to deny the settlement with virtually no explanation, Entergy Mississippi appealed the decision to the Mississippi Supreme Court. In Louisiana, the commission unanimously approved the water for 3 Steam Generator Replacement project and in December, consistent with the LPSC's direction, Entergy Louisiana filed a motion to consolidate its Phase II request for cash earnings and construction work in progress for this project, with a Little Gypsy Phase II proceedings which request the same relief. In December, Louisiana Department of Environment Quality issued the Little Gypsy draft air permit and send it to the EPA for review. If no objections are received before February 6th, Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality will issue a final permit. At Entergy New Orleans, it's rate case continues pursuant to the procedural schedule. To the council advisors filing recommends a net rate reduction just over 4.5 times the amount of Entergy New Orleans filing. More specifically, an approximate net $45 million reduction compare to Entergy New Orleans proposed net reduction of nearly $10 million. Hearings from the proceeding are scheduled in March, with the council's decision expected by the end of April. Regarding our portfolio transformation strategy you may recall the last call we took a pause to reevaluate a number of key considerations given the rapidly changing market and the economic outlook. With such consideration and to detect a data lag (ph) to go forward with the western region RFC seeking up to 550 megawatts of load following CCGT, flexible capacity for 2014 and beyond. Utility operating subsidiaries will need (ph) resource needs that needs to be managed through shorter term procurement for some period of time. In a related matter, Entergy's new nuclear utility development temporarily requested suspension, of Federal Regulatory Reviews of its two new nuclear license applications that would utilize the ESPWR technology at the Grand Gulf and the River Bend site. Simply put, we need more time to consider alternative technologies, and other vendors. Utility operating companies continue to see value preserving and developing the new nuclear options, and the temporary suspension of the license application review aspect does not reflect a change in positions regarding the importance of new nuclear as it relates to the goal of energy independence, environmental cleanliness and economic growth. Utility operating companies still see cost effective new nuclear technology to be part of its future. Its more a matter of with who and when. At Entergy Nuclear, the non-utility fleet closed out the year with outstanding performance record achieving the highest level of generating outputs in Entergy ownership. Another record was achieved at the Indian Point energy centre for the longest phase continuous operational service, in unit III reached 617 days of continued operations on January 8. Further, in the December we acquired Nuclear Engineering International, Indian Point-3 was ranked second in the world, for the 12 month average load factor ending June 2008. Again we're talking about Indian Point. In the same year too Vermont Yankee was ranked in the top 10 in the world, for equivalent full power output achievement. Commitment with ongoing operational excellence was first supported in the State reliability study of Vermont Yankee. Overall conclusions of the report show that Vermont Yankee is reliable now, and can be operated reliably in the future. Provided Yankee completed its review, a comprehensive vertical audit and plans to estimate its response to State and Public Service Board in the near future. In other license for new development in November, The Atomic Safety Licensing Board ruled in favor of Vermont Yankee, on two of the three conventions and imposed a conditional favorable ruling on the third condition (ph). Vermont Yankee complied with the ASLB condition on that third contention by submitting additional strategic calculations on January 8th. Entergy Nuclear (ph) has 59 days to file new contention if they can demonstrate that Vermont Yankee did not satisfy or meet the ASLB condition. Progress on license renewal was also received for the Indian Point. On December 22nd NRC issued its draft supplemental environmental impact statements with the conclusion supporting its license renewal. Almost a month later, the NRC released safety evaluation report with open items regarding additional information for further evaluation. Entergy Nuclear continue to work with the NRC and has since provide the responses to all open items requiring follow-up response from the Entergy Nuclear. In closing, on 2008 accomplishment. Entergy was proud to receive a special award of excellence at the 10th Annual Platt's Global Energy Award. Entergy was recognized for its extraordinary track record of standout performance year-after-year over the entire last decade. One of only four companies worldwide to achieve this special award Entergy was cited for being finalist, 39 times in the Platt's Global Energy Award competition. Far more than any other energy company in the world. This exemplary recognition was made possible by the extraordinary performance of Entergy employees, both in their everyday responsibilities, and the moments of unexpected crisis. Appropriate seg way into 2009. There's no question we face the extraordinary challenges in our industry, and in our society. Certainly some of the toughest we've ever faced. That being said, it's fair to say that both our critics and our supporters, will probably agree on one thing about Entergy. We go our own way as always. We don't run with the herd, and particularly in uncertain times that has generally taken us in a good direction. In 2009, the Utility has a huge portfolio full of regulatory agenda. Utility operating companies will continue to work with their commissions, including a number of newly elected or appointed commissioners to pursue constructive outcome. Despite progress in the recent years on regulatory initiatives, even more progress is required. Particularly, as utility operating segments moving to a potentially capital intensive investment phase. In today's environment, Utility operating companies recognize that investors are demanding substantially improved compensation for risk, or at a bare minimum greater anti-assurance as for the risk taken and greater certainty that exposed the deal as the deal. That translates for the requirement for each Utility operating center to give a reasonable opportunity to earn year-in, year-out, a fair return on equity consistent with investments, of similar risk in order to assure continued access to capital. The market is dictating the terms. The capital simply will not be available, if we can't compete, with the many alternatives investors and lenders have available. Entergy's Utility operating company's rates to return are where they need to be, to provide those kinds of assurances. One of the top priorities for the Utility business in 2009 obviously, is going to be storm recovery, with regulatory proceedings targeted to be completed around year-end and recovery expected through a securitization process. Utility operating segments will also attempt to obtain closure on regulatory proceedings currently in progress across all jurisdictions, including appeal cases in Arkansas, Mississippi, rate cases in Texas and New Orleans, and Louisiana formula rate plans, and Phase II proceedings for Little Gypsy and Waterford 3. After many years of study, Entergy Texas will also seek a final determination, on it's appropriate qualified power region, and a plan to transition the competition or a final determination to just stay put. At the same time, Utility operating segments will continue to advocate constructive regulation going forward, with a variety of means; including the Arkansas commissions request for innovative regulation approaches, Louisiana commissions discussion, a potential formula, rate plan extension, the Mississippi commission's focus on fuel related issues, New Orleans city council's provision to potentially reinstate a formula race on an after biz (ph) rate case is included, and everyone's interest at potential successful arrangements to the system agreements, where necessary. Plans will be made to file new rate cases or tariff, and legislative actions and also be support -- maybe sought to support access to the market public quality goals, or other items in the public interest. As an example, Entergy Texas needs new legislations similar to that in Louisiana to permit storm securitization that is clearly in the best economic interest of its customers. Utility operating centers will also continue to advance its portfolio transformation strategy, by resolving the main issues on construction of Little Gypsy, making new resource decisions pursuant to the Western region's request for proposal, and seeking new nuclear alternatives to our failed negotiations on the ASPWR (ph). As greater clarity is obtained on market related uncertainty, Utility operating companies will make the appropriate determination of whether to reengage the market for other long-term resource consumer effort. At Entergy Nuclear, the commitment to safety, security, operational excellence at nuclear state will remain at the forefront, followed by license renewals. Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee are both in the final stages of the license renewal process, we can see approval expected for Pilgrim by mid-year, and for the Vermont Yankee by the second half of 2009. Vermont Yankee also continues to seek approval for specific public (ph) good for another 20 years in Vermont. On that point the consultants, hired by the Department of Public Service, quantified substantial benefit of the continued operation of the Vermont Yankee including a best expectation of nearly $740 million related to value sharing and $1.5 billion of value from economic activities and net government revenue. Those benefits alone provide an adequate economic basis for issuance of the CPD. Obviously Vermont has a lot to lose without the Vermont Yankee, likewise New York has a lot of lose if Indian Point is decommissioned. Into 2009, the reliability needs assessment issued (ph) January 12, the New York ISO identified a series of potential risk to reliability including power plant retirement. More specifically, it said -- the assessment indicates that unexpected retirement of significant generation facilities could create reliability concerns and acquire new resources in New York. Obviously Indian Point falls into the unexpected category. Due to its location and a constrained part of the system, retirement of one of the two Indian Point nuclear power plant units will cause an immediate violation of reliability standards if other resources are not available immediately to address that need. In the event up to the 2014 retirement of Indian Point 2 the assessment estimates the need for over 1000 megawatts in the Lower Hudson valley, New York City or the Long Island zone. In the event of the 2016 retirement of Indian Point 3, the total need would increase to over 2000 mega watts. In any event consistent with the process, the Indian Point license renewal process will continue throughout 2009 with license renewal targeted for the first quarter of 2011. In support of the license renewal Indian Point will continue to implement recommendations from the independent safety evaluation report. Likewise, Vermont Yankee will do the same for the comprehensive vertical audit result. Turning now to spin-off of the non-utility nuclear plan since we last met with you, Entergy nuclear engaged in settlement discussions in New York and executed a credit facility on behalf of the Enexus. Now let me be as clear as I can be without engaging in speculation on what may or may not happen in these very uncertain times. What we have committed to you is our diligence in seeking to maximize the value or at least eliminate the value destroyer in our non-utility nuclear fleet. The proposed spin-off provided the opportunity to eliminate most of the value destroying issue. It was then necessary, but not sufficient conditions to maximize the value of business. The world has changed since then. In particular the debt markets have changed. The sequence of events may need to change for the market force themselves out. The time frame may need to change. Our objective to maximize the value of these assets will not change, nor do we intend to take a long time out when we have submitted to exhaust all reasonable possibilities to maximize the value of this opportunity. We are not a bigger is better company. We're a point of view company. And I assure you we're considering all reasonable alternatives to get to where we need to be for our own (ph). In the interim, while things sort themselves out in the market and we do what we can, on our end, we still own the non-utility nuclear plan and the underlying value continues to accrued to you. I distinguish that from values as the current market seems to impute (ph) to those assets. On the financial front our aspirations remain unchanged and our focus will remain on the principles of sustainable growth. It has successfully served us in the past. While our long term point of view remains bullish; we've got a lot of work to do in the near term, both get into (ph) and to realize our objectives and our aspirations. Our Board isn't satisfied with excuses and you don't want to hear them and they stick in my throat as well. We aren't where we need to be or want to be, but we know what we need to achieve and we will exhaust all efforts to get there. In our 10 years of success, you all know we've been here before. We all expect results and that's our mission in 2009. Now let me turn the call over to Leo. Leo?
Leo Denault: Thank you Wayne and good morning everyone. In my remarks I will cover quarterly results followed by cash flow performance including our liquidity positions, our share repurchase activity and a review of our 09 earnings guidance. Looking first at our financial results for the quarter, slide two shows a decrease in fourth quarter 08 as reported earnings compared to a year ago. This decrease came from lower results at Utility, Parent & Other, which were partially offset by higher earnings at Entergy Nuclear. As has been our practice in previous quarters, spin-off expenses are reflected as a special item in the current period. Turning to operational earnings, results were lower compared to fourth quarter 07 due to a loss at Utility, Parent & Other. Improved nuclear results offset a portion of the decrease at the Utility. Slide three presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. The decrease at Utility, Parent & Other came primarily from the Arkansas regulatory charges that Wayne mentioned in our associated tax treatment. These regulatory charges reflect the write-off of costs to previously accumulated in that company's storm reserve, and the removal costs associated with the termination of the lease, as well as the tax flow through effects of the regulatory charges. Higher tax expense associated with consolidated tax adjustments we typically make in the fourth quarter of each year, also contributed to the decrease in earnings. Weather also contributed to the quarter's decrease at the Utility. In fourth quarter of 08, we experienced milder than normal weather, while fourth quarter of 07s weather was warmer than normal. Entergy Nuclear produced another excellent quarter, posting an increase of nearly 50% in operational earnings. The increase was produced by higher pricing from energy sold along with a very strong operational quarter, reflected in its 94% capacity factor. Lower income taxes associated with consolidated tax adjustments, we typically make in the fourth quarter of each year, also increased earnings. The non-nuclear wholesale business recorded operational results this quarter equal to the $0.14 realized in the fourth quarter of 07, income tax benefits were primary drivers in both years. The last item contributing to consolidated results this quarter was the accretive effect of our share repurchase program. Moving to full year results. Slide four reflects as reported an operational result for 08 compared to 07. As reported results were higher in 08, led by strong performance in Entergy Nuclear. On an operational basis, sales in 08 were improved compared to 07 again, due to the nearly 50% increase in operational earnings at Entergy Nuclear. The increase in earnings at Nuclear came primarily, from higher pricing and energy sold, the highest generation output ever achieved by the fleet, and lower income tax expense. The lower income tax expense was driven primarily, by the benefit of consolidated tax savings. Operational results in 08 for Utility, Parent & Other were lower, compared to 07. The decrease was due primarily, to higher operations and maintenance expense, higher depreciation, and lower net revenue. The increase in O&M, and operation and maintenance expense was due primarily to the regulatory charges at Entergy Arkansas discussed earlier, and higher O&M from Arkansas storm expense, and the Ouachita acquisition. Partially offset by the absence of minimum bill credit write-offs taken last year, as well as lower payroll and benefit costs and O&M diverted to storm restoration in 08. The increase in depreciation expense was a result of planned additions in 08. Additional depreciation expense recorded at year-end to align regulatory and book depreciation in the absence of an 07 adjustment, related to the storm settlement achieved last year in Louisiana. Lower net revenue at Utility, Parent & Other reflects the effect of two hurricanes and it shows up most clearly, on our industrial sales numbers for the quarter. The magnitude of the sales decreased this quarter looks odd, but is driven in part by how industrial billings cross over reporting period. Basically what you are seeing is significantly lower usage from September, when the storms hit, coming through customers billed in the fourth quarter, contributing to the 11% industrial decline for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, industrial sales are down approximately 3%, reflecting both the storm effect and weak economy. Results for the non-nuclear wholesale business were lower in 08 compared to last year, due primarily to higher income tax expense. The increase in income tax expense resulted from the absence in 08 of benefits associated with the resolution of tax audit issues in 07 and higher tax expense in 08 from the redemption of the investment this year. As noted in our third quarter earnings call last October, one element of our overall liquidity management strategy in 08 was to take a measured approach to share repurchases. We continued with that philosophy throughout the fourth quarter, while pursuing opportunistic share repurchases. The detail of fourth quarter activity are reflected on slide five, at the end of the year, we had roughly $600 million of repurchased authorities remaining. Slide six reflects a recap of our cash flow performance this quarter, which shows a decrease compared to the same period last year. The major items that contributed into the lower net cash flow provided by operating activities include the net effect of two hurricanes last September that required cash resources specific (ph) repairs are also reducing revenues due to customer outages with a total impact of $444 million. Higher nuclear refueling outage spending totaling $34 million of Utility and $29 million in Entergy Nuclear and higher working capital requirement of 86 million at the Utility, $46 million at Entergy Nuclear. These items were partially offset by increased collections at the Utility differed fuel recovery totaling $267 million and higher net revenues at Entergy Nuclear of $80 million. For the year cash from operations increased over $3 billion primarily due to receipt of just under $1 billion of storm securitization proceeds in Louisiana, lower income tax payments and higher earnings of Entergy Nuclear. These are partially offset by the effects of hurricanes, Gustav and Ike and the absence of community development broadband funding received by Entergy New Orleans in 2007. While, the overall market reflects the national economy that continues to deliver bad news as reflected on Slide seven, our current liquidity position and outlook for 09 remains very solid. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had more than $2.5 billion of liquidity available and only 2 billion of which was cash. In looking at 09, we expect to have new nearly $3 billion of liquidity available at the end of the year reflecting another strong year of operating cash flow generation and a successful financing program. We continue to believe that credit markets will improve as we move through the year. We currently have approximately $500 million of debt maturities in 09 all in the fourth quarter and we anticipate other financing activities as well. Already in 09, we've seen some indication of the rebound in the credit markets. Spreads in five and 10 year Triple B bond financings completed in the January were much improved over prices being quoted in the fourth quarter of 08. We benefited from the improvement, as just last week we successfully closed the $500 million bond financing for Entergy Texas, aside from the 300 million initially we saw. This was the first ever debt issuance by the company created through its our jurisdictional separation. We believe that a 10 year Triple B issuance at seven and eight is another indication of some recovery taking place in the market. We've also seen signs of strength in the bank lending space as Enexus successfully closed its credit revolver in late December. This $1.175 billion 3 year agreement was the only $1 billion plus sub-investment great multi-year bank deal closed since the first quarter of 2008, excluding certain asset backed and commodity based facility. We believe this signals not only some recovery in the credit market but also a very strong support for our Nuclear business. We acknowledge that what we've seen recently maybe market windows rather than structural recovery in the market. However as we've been telling for sometime windows present opportunities, we're constantly working to be positioned to seize on those opportunities. We're initiating 09 operational earnings guidance on a business at usual basis projected to be in the range of $6.77 to $7.30 per share with the components shown on Slide eight. Our -- as reported earnings for 09 is projected to be in the range of 6.56 to 7.16 reflecting $0.14 of the synergies associated with the Nuclear spin-off transaction. We initiated our discussion of 09 earnings at EEI conference last November sharing earning drivers with you. In reconciling our thoughts reflected by those drivers and the actual guidance detail on this slide you'll notice some changes. Since providing our thoughts and drivers we've had few items move against us that we expect to affect our result this year. The two regulatory decisions Entergy Texas rate case settlement and the Entergy Arkansas rate proceeding appeals are short of our initial expectation. In addition excluding the effect of 08 storms and industrial expansion expected in 08, our projection for overall sales of Utility this year cost a little at any growth due to the slow pace of the economic recovery. Also the outlook for power prices has changed since we discussed the earning drivers with you in the fall. Prices in the regions where we saw power from Entergy Nuclear fleet have steadily declined over the past several weeks. Another item worth noting on guidance is that our 09 numbers do not reflect any benefits associated with capital deployment such as the $0.15 we included at EEI. We still need to consider a range of options as to how we will deploy capital going forward. Options are available to us because of the flexibility that comes from having nearly $3 billion of projected net liquidity sources by year-end. Our 09 guidance was developed using the same approach this year as in the past that is our starting point was 08 actual results. Although clearly not satisfied with the results delivered last year; we do feel there were achievements as one a base for future success. Absent the effects of the regulatory charges in Arkansas, the utility held its own in an extremely challenging economic climate and a very active storm season. At Entergy Nuclear, we reached the highest level of generation output ever achieved by the fleet. And our consolidated results were the highest ever achieved at Entergy. Finally we were successful in managing our liquidity through one of the most challenging credit markets of recent times and generated more than $3 billion of cash flow from operating activities. In 09, we expect to again have to overcome some things that we cannot control, such as a prolonged economic slump and retreating power prices. However, we will actively pursue positive outcomes through actions we can influence, including operating our fleet to achieve the highest level of efficiency in a safe and secure environment, controlling our spending and rate of protect value and effectively executing on our point of view to create new value in a challenging market. The disruption we see in the market today presents capital deployment opportunities and makes liquidity especially valuable. The flexibility, we have available in 09 positions us to achieve positive outcomes in this market. With additional liquidity to protect -- protection for downside risks, liquidity to fuel growth within our existing business, and the liquidity for strategic opportunities. One last point specific to our 09 number relates to the quarterly buildup of earnings this year as reflected on Slide nine. We have three planned refueling outages at Entergy Nuclear this year all in the spring including one at our largest plant in Indian Point-3. While we had three refueling outages in 08, only one was in the spring, the other two being fall outages. During quarterly comparisons between 08 and09, the timing differences of these outages will effect quarterly results. In summary the well known economic challenges of today could've tempted us to abandon the financial aspirations we previously shared with you. However, we continue to believe that our fundamental approach in achieving long-term financial success, can weather even the most difficult of times. As Wayne noted earlier, our financial aspirations for both the utility and non-utility nuclear business are unchanged. We recognize there are challenges on the horizons, but we've been tested before, and we've never backed away from a challenge. Throughout the course of this year, we expect opportunities will present themselves to us, and we planned to be active in seeking out others that may be less apparent. We know you have come to expect this, and we expected no less of ourselves. Now the Entergy's senior team is available for your questions.
Operator: (operator instructions). And our first question will come from Greg Gordon Citi Investment, your line is open.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment: Thank you. First question, can you tell us -- I think your guiding to an overall corporate tax rate for 2009 of 37%, but there is a -- what are the assumed tax rate at nuclear and those two tax rate at the utility, because there is some pretty big swings in the underlying guidance?
Leo Denault: Well, we really don't, -- haven't given out what they are by -- put that in terms of, by utility by business unit. We look at that consolidated tax return and then we allocate those at the end of the year. So to some extend it jumps around year-to-year. When you look at that consolidated tax number Greg, it kind of evens out in terms of where it goes one year versus the other. So if you've got for example this year is $76 million or so and those -- it showed up, it's benefit to one side and its reduction to the other. It really depends on how the positions that we've had over the course of the year play themselves out. You can call Michelle and she can get you into more detail in terms of what exactly was within those numbers and then how we're looking at it in terms of what's going on in 09, but it really does depend a lot on the tax position we've taken and how they show up in the year in terms of whether its audit or reserves or what have you.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment: Second question is on your sales assumptions. Given your exposure to the petrochemical industry, is it reasonable to assume that you'll have weather adjusted and hurricane adjusted growth in sales in 09 versus 08 you mentioned that there is industrial expansion that's a part of the assumption there. Can you go through how you got comfortable with that baseline?
 J. Wayne Leonard: Yeah. I think if you look at our sales, firstly go back what Leo talk about in 07 versus 08 results, if you adjusted for the storm our industrial would have been down about 1.8%, but we would have seen at about a 2% growth in our residential and commercial. Looking forward as we are trying to (ph) adjust for the storm that gets us down to about 1.5% growth rate and as Leo said we do have some expansions one of those are actually complete and we actually will see that coming forward and then talking with them and we believe we will still see that expansion and the others that's coming along. But as Leo has said that we have clearly seen as a result if you adjust for those basic flat growth in our business from 08 to 09, but we are now starting to see some of those same general economic conditions and impacting our larger customers that you're seeing in another areas and as a result of that we may see some further impact going forward into 09.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Kiani, from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Morning.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Greg actually asked most of my questions, but one thing I was wandering about is if you could give a little bit of additional color on the change that you saw relative to your 08 results in the non-nuclear wholesale assets?
Leo Denault: Nuclear wholesale assets, in terms of what's going on between 08 and 09?
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Exactly that $0.11 per share decline.
Leo Denault: Well we've got a couple of things, one you have the absence of the tax benefits that we saw this year.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Leo Denault: And then we have an above market capacity contract that's going to roll off of one of our plans thereto.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Got you. Okay. And from an amortization perspective it looks like I think the Palisades below market PPA, amortizes in a smaller amount in 2009, relative to 2008. How does that look beyond 09 as far as revenue accretion is concerned?
Leo Denault: It shows up in a declining basis as it goes forward. If you looked in the 10-Q you'll have more details in terms of how that's calculated but you're right, it does decline year-over-year and it will decline again as we go forward.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Leslie Rich from Columbia Management, your line is open.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Group: Thank you. I wondered if you could go into a little bit more detail to the extent that you can about some of your last comments Leo, about having a lot of financial flexibility to take advantage of opportunities and plan to be active in seeking opportunities, could you explain that for me? Are you talking above and beyond the consideration of the spend no-spend decision, are you thinking about M&A or acquisition of distressed assets or some other form of restructuring?
 J. Wayne Leonard: Les this is Wayne, Leo is forcing that question on me, I'm sorry.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Group: That's fine, you know the answer too.
 J. Wayne Leonard: I wish I didn't know the answer it's a -- it will be an opportunistic answer ultimately. We have certain things that we would like to see happen with that opportunities that may or may not happen just like nuclear, we spent quite a bit of time in those negotiations and that did not turnout as we hoped. I just predicted the case so I think you'll get your answer on what we're thinking of. To maximize the value of this business as we see it needs to be more than just a set of assets that are disconnected from one another each one selling into a different local market and with a small number of buyers. So in order to change that you can add transmits and rights, you can do obviously the things that, that the spin was setup to do, that is do the financing right. Change the way you're selling the products in the marketplace, not just units and digits. Again that would involve getting transmission rights, getting rights to options or forwards, or rights to other assets, for picking up assets on the marketplace or taking that strategy, those individual pieces into something larger, which could be the stress portfolios, or even other companies that matched up well with them. We didn't -- the range of potential options is pretty large right now. And -- but the endgame is pretty clear on our mind, what would look like to maximize the value, and a lot of those things could be done in the interim, hopefully, could be done in the interim, while the debt markets pours itself out, and legal fortune through various structures to make sure that the tax considerations and other things as like that don't destroy value along the way. But I mean, I think your question was on target in terms of what we're thinking about, and which comes first, and those kind of things will depend upon, which opportunities are more right than others, and -- but they're all, there're no perfect sequence here.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Group: And how do you prioritize the net carbon position as you look at these opportunities? And then, sort of what is your view Leo in terms of -- I mean, Wayne in terms of the Arkansas carbon much inflation (ph)?
 J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, you'll see we're going to take down on either. The carbon is I think on every body, everybody's radar screens -- even though it's I think that I have thought it over the years, and those I still don't believe, in the science or whatever. They do believe that there is going to be some action taken on carbon. The numbers that we have used in terms of price signals, that we think is necessary in order to solve this problem, and around the world, is in that range of $40 a ton, and we have seen that in Europe at times. We've seen that in study-after-study, we had the same type of number in that 2020 type carbon frame. So we continued to use numbers like that. I think for our own measurements in terms of adding to this portfolio, and it could be a portfolio that has obviously, a portfolio that has a variety of different types of assets, and the strength of an excess of course this has, as you know, it has no emissions at all. And we don't want to destroy that, because we believe strongly that that is a value adder. And so, the assets or positions, or whatever that we look at we want to feel there are propriety to maintaining its competitive advantage from a cleanliness standpoint. And the things that we're thinking about and looking at, we factored in. And I don't know, if anybody does not frankly -- that we're talking -- that we talked to that isn't thinking about carbon as we're giving.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Group: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Catapult Capital. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Hi, guys.
 J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning, Steve
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Hi, Leslie pretty much asked my exact question. I had one other one, which was assuming the company stays as it is right now, do you still have the same less balanced sheet targets that you've had at roughly 45% equity target or certain cash flow to debt targets?
 J. Wayne Leonard: Leo will take that question.
Leo Denault: Yeah it seems the -- if we kept the company exactly as it is, we would maintain similar financial metrics and strategies in our dividend payout of around our balance sheet, and around what kind of liquidity position we carry. If we stay together in a slightly different form, for example, if some of the things Wayne was just talking about came to solution, and we still work together, we'd have to alter those accordingly to just take into consideration, what may or may not change. But I think just take that one step further back to the other question that Leslie asked as well, that part where we didn't include any capital deployment over and above the $600 million of authority we already had, that would certainly be more ammunition going forward, in terms of what our balance sheet looks like, and what our capabilities would be associated with. Thus that's business as usual is okay.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to the side of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Coming back to the regulated portion of the business. Wayne, can you talk a little bit about which jurisdictions for the next one or two years you expect to under earn the most. And what is the event or catalyst or preceding that will reverse that trend?
 J. Wayne Leonard: Kind of negative outlook there Mike.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Tough market right now.
 J. Wayne Leonard: The -- I'm going to let Gary Taylor address that, because he's been told none of them are allowed are under earn. So might see how he addresses that question.
Gary Taylor: Well thanks Wayne for lead in. I think that if you look at our business, I think Wayne is exactly right. I mean we have to look at each one and say what are the challenges that are really between us and achieve in our authorized ROE. And I think in each of our businesses those challenges are a little bit different that we have to focus going forward, and clearly I think you see good performance in Louisiana. In Arkansas, I think we are starting to see better performance, but clearly it is going to have to be a rate case type action for us to adjust the ROE and then for us to get that business back on track. I think Texas is a little bit different story. I think we made a positive step in our rate case, but I think what we really see there is that they really are going to have take legislature type that we're going have to work with and work with legislators to address. So we think there are really some fundamental issues in the process that allows us to set an ROE, but really through presence it really impedes us from being able to do that as well as reconcile what we with TCC (ph). I think they're having a decision on the qualified power region is really essential for us for resolving some of those issues. And I think really in Mississippi, Mississippi I think probably even more sell (ph) in our jurisdiction is that we're going to have a continue to work to make sure that business is very transparent, that there is a understanding of our cost and our ability to work with each of the new commissioners who kinds of understands the dynamics of this business going forward. But Wayne makes it very clear to me its not under performing. It is -- you have to work to how you achieve both that balance for our customer and the return to our shareholders.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Can you address to the jurisdictions that have formula rate plans Louisiana, Mississippi etc. When, if demand is weak in a particular jurisdiction during a given year and that drives you below the low end to the band. When does that get trued up?
Gary Taylor: It gets trued up in the case of each of those at the time in your FRP but when you are below the band, in the case of Louisiana which those FRPs have expired and we are now renegotiating those with that to look at fixing up, but typically there's a sharing mechanism of 60/40 between where you are in the bottom of that band. So you really only true back up of potentially to the bottom and then depending on what your decreasing cost would be, you could adjust that. In Mississippi it's a 50/50 split and it's adjusted to the bottom of the band as well.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I guess the question I'm trying to get to and I'm struggling a little bit process wise and my apologies on this, is that if you have an abnormal kind of year one, does the revenue adjustment occur in year two or do you have a proceeding in the year two, a short one and the revenue adjustment occurs really in year three?
 J. Wayne Leonard: It occurs in year three.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Andrew Levy (ph) from Incremental Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. How you're doing?
Leo Denault: Hey Andrew.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question. Just on your guidance for 2009. In the very bottom you have nuclear spin off to synergies. Can you just go over what those are?
Leo Denault: Those are the incremental costs associated with carrying (ph) basically three entities, throughout the course of the year. You've got Entergy, EquGen and Enexus. So we have incremental costs associated with the fact that we've got this rolling readiness posture where we're able to -- we've got staff, we've got systems and things like that. They're associated with having an extra company ready to be spot. So those are those things, at no cost, but for the spin we wouldn't have them.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Ridzon from Keybanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Since EEI, it looks like kind of the mid point of you guidance is down about $0.40. You named a lot of the factors driving that. Can you kind of quantify each of those and kind of put the $0.40 in context with respect to each of those?
Leo Denault: Okay, I think there is a slide associated with most of that in the web cast and in the release. But effectively we've got a significant amount of assets due, solely due to dropping power prices and the change in sales that Gary had talked about. Those are the two major drivers associated with what's dropped. The other thing that we don't have, and that I mentioned in the prepared remarks is the additional capital deployment that we had on the end of that EEI slide, that $0.15 that additional capital deployment was associated with, if you state as a business as usual company throughout the year and you didn't spend what capacity it's the same, the same things we were talking about earlier with Steve and Leslie. That opportunities and liquidities that we have, the balance sheet that we have, if we were not going to spend how might you deploy that capital differently in that case, which is the case that we intend to spend. But primarily what you are looking at is that you had about a $10 decline where -- not quite $10 but about 10% of decline in the price of power associated with what we're doing in the Northeast. And that's had a significant decline on the earnings and then saw the reduction in the sales growth where we were about underlying 1.1 and securities is now underlying, excluding storm and additions that were about flat. And then we've also -- the Texas rate case settlement we were on the -- going under the basis of a non unanimous settlement at that point of time and the actual unanimous settlement was a little bit shy of where we had expected that to be.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Can you just outline your expectations for how you see the Vermont calendar unfolding to resolutions?
 J. Wayne Leonard: That's right. Well I mean we're working through that right now. I mean we've got two proceedings going on, one is the proceeding before the Public Service Commission in Vermont on the spin itself, so all that data is in front of them and its ready for a decision before them. Somewhat I think they've hesitated because of what's going on in the national market as it relates to ability to finance, but as that opens up I think they'll get back on that. And then the other is as it relates to the license renewal and there is committee meetings going on right now related to that in Vermont. And we have people testifying before those committees, and that will come to fruition whether -- as it relates to certificate of public good around the May timeframe.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question today come from Jonathan Arnold from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - BAS - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning John.
 J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - BAS - Merrill Lynch: Could I just ask about the hedging because, given the nuclear side you obviously didn't do much additional hedging during 2008, but it looks like you did have some extra hedges in the fourth quarter and from what I can see is they notched the average hedge price up a little bit, so they seem to have been done at relatively decent prices. Could you just address what the policy is going forward, while you are in this revolving (ph) readiness state and the targets and the like, and then was there anything on -- unusual about those hedges you did without the ram-across (ph) type pricing or more related to peak or something of that nature?
Leo Denault: Taking the second piece of that first, there was nothing unique, they're the typical kinds of transactions that we normally do. As far as our hedging policies or strategies, they really haven't changed. We're still within the guidelines of what we deem the limit around our strategy. We have a little bit more open this year than we have ordinarily. We didn't hedge in excess of what our limits would allow us to do going into 2009. And that's partially a function of where we sit, and where we sit and this relates to what, we are doing with Enexus. It was a conscious decision to go into it that way. As we look at going forward, we are going to continue to monitor where we sit with, with the spend certainly what we have to do though is hedge around where we sit today in terms of what Entergy's needs are, what our needs are around credit, what our needs are around liquidity, and what our needs are around our dividend policy et cetera. So, we'll continue to reevaluate that on an ongoing basis. So nothing's really changed as it relates to what our strategy is, we are just trying to be positive and that's having one foot in Entergy, and one foot in Enexus basically.
Jonathan Arnold - BAS - Merrill Lynch: Assuming those spin, would you anticipate going into 2010 more hedged that year than you currently are in 09, is that -- could we read that into what you've just said?
Leo Denault: I would say that it would -- our limits would push us to be about the same hedged as what we're going in. Whether we did more or less would be based on what our point of view was at that point in time. So we continue to evaluate that as we got through the year.
Jonathan Arnold - BAS - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And could I just ask one other thing on that, with in your 09 guidance, what is that -- what kind of assumption is there in that for the nuclear fuel, and -- obviously we've seen this run up in the uranium market since pull back, and I know there is a lot of smoothing. But, how should we think about nuclear fuel costs those are earnings driver in 09 than into the next couple of years beyond?
 J. Wayne Leonard: Michael Kansler, can take that. Mike?
Michael Kansler: We've been watching that market along with everybody else, and as you know, it went up pretty high last year. But it's kind of settled back down into the 40s. The way we do our new nuclear fuel purchases, we look out several years. And right now, we are pretty well committed for 2010. So, we don't expect to see a big run up in our nuclear costs in 2010, and we're working forward for that later year also.
Jonathan Arnold - BAS - Merrill Lynch: So this is a meaningful driver in 09 in terms of the step up, and not in 10 or 09 in neither year is that?
Michael Kansler: No, that's pretty level as its not going up much at all mainly because of how we purchase things going forward, and it's all included in our net revenue assumptions in the guidance.
Jonathan Arnold - BAS - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Michele Lopiccolo.
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you operator and thank you all for participating this morning. Before we close we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call is recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820. Replay code 6436840. This concludes our call. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo - IR Leo Denault - EVP and CFO Gary Taylor - Group President, Utility Operations Dean Keller - EVP and CFO, Enexus Energy Corp. Michael Kansler - President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citigroup Scott Engstrom - Glennhymn Capital Management Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Michele Lopiccolo - Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments and a review of our results from our Executive Vice President and CFO, Leo Denault. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Leo?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Michele and good morning everyone. Let me begin by offering Wayne's sincerest apologies for not being able to participate in the call this morning. In his absence, he asked me to give what could probably best be described as the injured reserved list for our senior team. In recent weeks, both Wayne and Rick have undergone successful surgeries. While they were both major both major procedures, out of respect for their privacy, I don't believe sharing details on those procedures is appropriate for this call. I can tell you that Wayne's issue was discovered very recently during an annual physical at the Mayo Clinic, which our Board of Directors requires for all senior officers. In abundance of caution, surgery is performed in the middle of last week and he was released on Saturday. Rick is home as well and all indications are that they are both on the road to recovery and they anticipate no lingering effects, assuming they follow doctor's orders. Actually, we believe they are likely to be in better shape and stronger going forward, compared to before these procedures. That said, their travel will be limited for several weeks. While they are both engaged in working from home, they will not be participating with us on the call today. Also, they will not be at EI due to these travel restrictions and they send their regrets. This will result in the need to combine our planned separate meeting schedules for Entergy and Enexus and to cancel the Enexus schedule. We apologize for any inconvenience this may create for you. As for the rest of the team, not only travel restriction is that Wayne will let us take vacation. As any of you who has attended EI know, it's clearly not vacation. So we'll be there and look forward to seeing you. Joining me in Phoenix will be Gary Taylor, Curt Hbert, Mike Kansler and Dean Taylor who is also on the call with us today. Moving now to the quarterly update, I will first review some activities and progress on a range of business initiatives then move to a more focused financial review. In looking back over the last three months, I suspect there are a few things we could all agree on. Events could have evolved have been among the most turbulent and trying since the historic Great Depression, with profound effects on all Americans' U.S. business and industry as well as the global economy. As you well know, Entergy has now walked away unscathed with the stock price dipping into the 60s and having been struck by back-to-back hurricanes over the course of just two weeks. In the midst of all of this however, we can look back on the quarter with a sense of accomplishment on a number of fronts. First the storms; Hurricane Gustav made landfall September 1st, followed 12 days later by Hurricane Ike, both as maximum Category 2 storms. Our utilities were prepared, having drilled for very similar scenario in early May. For Gustav, the largest team of restoration workers in Entergy's history was quickly assembled. Team members came from our own ranks and those of other utilities and contractors nationwide, including 165 companies from 26 states and Canada. Logistics for housing, seeding, transporting and organizing this massive effort were on the same scale as required for an army going into battle. After peak, 14,912 workers and 4500 support personnel were engaged. This army consumed 600,000 meals and used 1.9 million gallons of fuel. In the aftermath, Gustav and Ike were added to the utility's record books. These two storms were among the most destructive storms we've ever experienced and presented unique challenges. Hurricane Gustav caused severe damage to the transmission system and the violence was initially islanded from the transmission grid. Gustav also inflicted extensive damage to the distribution system, particularly in Baton Rouge area, with its hardest hit since Hurricane Andrew in 1992. Indeed, a case study prepared by GCR Associates concluded that Gustav had a much greater wind damage impact on the Louisiana population than Katrina. This impact was due to the high wind fields traversing higher population areas of the state. Then, close on the heels of Gustav was Ike. We were on the eastern side of this hurricane, which is the wrong side and Ike was not only a storm surge but a wind event as well. Hurricane Ike caused the most outages in Entergy Texas' history, knocking out power to 99% of its customers. The Sabine power plant sustained damage from flooding that spread throughout portions of Texas and Louisiana. Despite the challenges presented, the utilities set a record for the fastest and more importantly, the safest storm restoration efforts in the company's history. Crews restored power to 85% of customers within seven days of Ike and eight days of Gustav. When the costs were tallied, the combined estimate ranged from roughly $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Each affected utility company is responsible for its storm restoration cost obligations and for recovering storm-related costs. The utilities are considering all reasonable avenues to recover storm-related costs, including but not limited to accessing funded storm reserves, federal and local recovery, securitization and insurance. Given that most Gustav damage was to T&D facilities generally not covered by insurance, deductibles might not be met. On the other hand, flooding during Ike makes it more likely that the deductible will be met in some insurance received. On the regulatory recovery front, early action in October included drawing down funded storm reserves. Funds in the collective amount of $229 million were eligible to be drawn, where thresholds were met for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans. In addition, the LPFC approved Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana's request to defer and accrue carrying costs on unrecovered storm expenditures during the period that company seek regulatory recovery. The approval was without prejudice to be ultimate resolution of the total amount of quickly incurred storm costs or the final allowed carrying cost. Entergy Arkansas also filed to implement a temporary surcharge during 2009 in the amount of $26 million. This filing is designated to recover extraordinary storm restoration expenses in excess of the $14.4 million, reflected in base rates. Preliminary regulatory recovery strategies for the other utilities affected are shaping up with filings generally expected no later than the spring of 2009. Once restoration is complete, it takes time to accumulate vendor billings to develop the final cost estimates to be submitted in a regulatory filing. Given the ability to draw on funded storm reserves, the utilities do not anticipate interim funding requests. Finally, the utilities are also working on a community development funding request. The necessary language allowing CDBG funding to be used for infrastructure was included in the Continuing Resolution Appropriations Bill recently passed in Congress. This is a critical first step in the process. In other utility matters, at the end of July, Entergy New Orleans filed its required rate case. This filing indicated a $23 million electric reduction, partially offset by a $9 million increase in gas base rates. The electric reduction includes $10.6 million to convert the voluntary recovery credit implemented earlier this year to a permanent reduction. Entergy New Orleans proposes to include the balance of the reduction in the fuel adjustment clause to realign Grand Gulf non-fuel operations and maintenance expense to base rates. Regarding the portfolio transformation strategy, Entergy Arkansas closed on the Ouachita acquisition at a cost of $325 per KW. As you may recall, Ouachita is a 789 megawatt gas-fired plant placed in service in 2002. This asset is the latest of our low-cost additions to our utility generation fleet. Entergy Louisiana supplemented and resumed the Little Gypsy Phase II proceeding, following the temporary suspension related to the need for additional environmental analysis. In the proceeding, Entergy Louisiana further recommended an allocation of one-third of the project to Entergy Gulf States, Louisiana. The procedural schedule was also established for the Waterford 3 steam generator replacement project. Just before hearings were set begin, the OPSC staff in Entergy Louisiana jointly requested a continuance pending settlement discussions that are in progress. We believe this is a positive development in this proceeding. In Texas last week, the PUCT deferred action on our rate filing until their next meeting scheduled on November 5th. While Entergy Texas respects the Commission's interest in fully considering all parties' views, it believes there are a number of reasons why a favorable decision should be rendered. The near-unanimous settlement is supported by virtually all of Entergy Texas' retail customers. Issues in the proceeding were fully weighted [ph] and the ALJ has rendered a proposal for decision recommending the settlement and this business has gone 17 years without a base rate increase. In addition, balance recovery outcomes are more important today than ever. Current challenges presented by the credit markets are coming at a time when Entergy Texas faces a near-term cash demand to fund up to $510 million in storm restoration costs. The company will pursue recovery of these costs over the course of the next year though a separate proceeding, but the need for financial release is real. In other utility filings, River Bend made a COL filing for a potential new nuclear unit at that site, using the General Electric ESPWR technology. Also non-guarantee applications were filed with the DoE for potential new plans at both Grand Gulf and River Bend. As a final note on portfolio transformation, in October the utilities suspended long-term resource procurement efforts and will reengage the market in the future. This action was taken in response to the current financial crises, the potential effects on the overall economy and significant uncertainty across all commodity markets. The utilities believe it's prudent to take a step back at this time and reevaluate a number of key considerations. We believe this is the appropriate course versus simply moving forward on what was a business as usual basis two months ago. For example, in recent months, we've seen a notable retreat in commodity prices for steel, copper, aluminum and concrete among others. This adjusts us that new build construction costs estimates need to be reevaluated. While the utilities continue to have long-term resource needs, the majority can be managed through shorter-term procurements for a period of time. This approach will provide an opportunity to reassess the market and solicit long-term resources at a future date. Turning to Entergy Nuclear; the nuclear fleet posted a strong operational quarter delivering a 95% capacity factor. On the license renewal front, significant milestone was achieved when the NRC renewed the license for the James A. FitzPatrick plant in September for another 20 years. Also, continued progress was achieved on the Indian Point license renewal initiative. While the projected license renewal date was pushed back a few months to January 2011, the contention set for hearing were narrowed from around a 160 to just 13. NRC on-site inspections and audits for license renewal are complete and the next major milestones are completion to address safety evaluation and environmental impact statements. Another Indian Point news; the independent safety evaluation panel released their report at the end of July. The two overarching conclusions are that Indian Point is safe. It meets NRC requirements and safety systems are well maintained and is reliable with performance, comparing favorable to high-performing plants in most safety aspects. However, relationships with the general public and officials, particularly on matters of emergency preparedness are not healthy and must be rebuilt. Entergy Nuclear applauds the panel's efforts and commitment and responded to the report with action plans to implement panel recommendations. These plans indicate that the comprehensive and unique evaluation will serve as a roadmap, as Entergy Nuclear continues to guide the Indian Point site to excellence. In August, the new state-of-the-art fire engine system for engine point was successfully placed into service. Performance evaluation is underway and the system has successfully completed two of the three tasks, demonstrating reliability of at least 97%. Regarding the nuclear spin-off, progress continued on the regulatory front. The internal revenue service issued its private letter ruling in September and the briefing and comment process is complete in Vermont and New York. In Vermont, a decision is pending from the Vermont Public Service Board. In New York, the ALJs have determined that no additional proceedings are necessary and the recommendation from the New York Public Service Commission is now open... from them to the New York Public Service Commission is now pending. Entergy continues to target receiving regulatory decisions in the fourth quarter. However, as a result of the unprecedented turmoil in the financial markets, it is uncertain whether or not financing fundamental to the spin-off transaction can be affected in the near term on a cost-effective basis. As we assess the conditions of the market against our options for Enexus, we remind ourselves that we're in the enviable position of being able to simply wait. We believe the market will ultimately improve. We're not tied to a specific timeline to affect the transaction and we believe the value proposition remains intact. We will not take financing into market where conditions are clearly unfavorable, but we will be fully prepared when market conditions improve. Now that we have the private letter ruling in hand, we have requisite approvals to launch financing and we stand ready to act when we believe action will create value. It is noteworthy to point out that even in this extremely challenging market and Enexus has successfully secured bank commitment letters in excess of $1 billion. These commitments are in support of efforts by Enexus to sell out its liquidity needs through a corporate revolver. We believe this successful effort is an indication of the interest and support in the financial community for a business that is truly one of a kind. In closing our business review, I mentioned a couple of items that are among the accomplishments that we are most of proud of, because they reflect who we are as company. Earlier this month, remind that Entergy had garnered the distinctive recognition from two separate organizations for its corporate governance practices. First, Governance Metrics International assigned Entergy an overall global rating of 10 for the best-in-class corporate governance. Among the 4200 companies reviewed, 1% received the prefect score. GMI is an independent organization whose philosophy is based on the view that governance and transparency will over time generate superior returns in economic performance. Also, ISS Corporate Services awarded Entergy a 100% rating for corporate governance in utility ranking, reflecting Entergy's superior performance in this sector. In addition, Entergy received an index ranking of 98.5%, placing to near the very top performers in the S&P 500. I'll now cover some key financial topics related to our performance this quarter, including quarterly results, the latest on our share repurchase activity and brief comments on our '08 guidance. I will close with an update on cash flow, including the discussion of our overall liquidity position which is quite strong. You might find the webcast presentation useful, following our financial review. Looking at our financial results for this quarter, slide two shows an increase in the third quarter '08 as reported earnings compared to a year ago. This increase was achieved as we continued to expend resources associated with the nuclear spin-off and while we entered in two major hurricanes. As was the case last quarter, the spin-off expenses are reflected as a special item in the current period. Turning to operational earnings, we achieved a 9% improvement in results this quarter compared to the third quarter of 2007. The increase in operational earnings came primarily from higher result at nuclear, with utility, parent and other achieving a modest improvement in earnings. Partially offsetting the higher results in these businesses was an increased loss incurred at our non-nuclear wholesale business. Slide three presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. The increase at utility, parent and other came primarily from lower income tax expense and lower operation and maintenance expense. The lower tax expense was associated with the liquidation of a subsidiary that resulted in a tax loss on Entergy's investment. The lower O&M resulted primarily from lower payroll-related expenses and the absence of minimum bill credit write-offs taken in the third quarter last year. A significant portion of these expense decreases were offset by lower net revenues, due to the effects of milder than normal weather, and lower usage during the storm-related customer outages. The weather effect this quarter was minimal on build sales. However, unbilled sales recorded at quarter end, reflect significantly milder weather verses the warm weather of a year ago. At Entergy Nuclear, we achieved an increase of 31% in operational earnings, with the primary contributor being higher pricing for energy sold. The nuclear fleet posted a strong operational quarter with a 95% capacity factor over the three-month period. The non-nuclear wholesale business recorded a loss this quarter, which exceeded the loss recorded in the third quarter of 2007.Results in the current period reflect higher income tax expense, driven primarily by the redemption of a previous investment in that business. As noted in our review of quarterly results, income tax expense this quarter had a material effect on our earnings. We anticipated a material tax benefit and in guidance this comes as no surprise, given taxes are one of the most significant expenses on our income statement. Given their significance, we believe it is important to use wealth for our tax planning that result in us paying only the amount of tax as appropriate for our business. We believe as owners, you expect this of us. I believe a few words on the effects of the storms on our results this quarter might be helpful as well. Hurricane Gustav and Ike had an overall impact of reducing our results this quarter by $0.14. There were basically three components that make up this decrease. Lower revenues due to outages were approximately $0.14. Lower O&M for resources deferred into the storm restoration was about $0.06 positive and increased O&M for Entergy Arkansas storm restoration was approximately $0.06, effectively offsetting the otherwise lower O&M in other jurisdictions. Recall that Entergy Arkansas has already exceeded its $14 million storm accrual in rates this year, and there is no regulatory provision for deferring additional storm costs. As I mentioned earlier, Entergy Arkansas recently made a filing with the APSC to address this issue with the regulatory process in Arkansas. The last item contributing to higher consolidated results this quarter was the accretive effect of our share repurchase program. We continued to utilize our share repurchase program during the quarter, the details of which are reflected on slide four. We repurchased one million shares in the third quarter at an average of $98 per share with roughly 70% of the repurchases coming through our $2 billion of authorization. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $640 million of repurchase authority remaining. With three quarters to go of the year behind us, we continue to see '08 as reported in operational earnings guidance in the range of $6.50 to $6.90 per share. Slide five includes the components of guidance. For the remainder of the year, we expect continue to strong performance at nuclear. The effects of hurricanes and mild weather will serve to moderate the utilities' contribution, but overall the year is still on track. Slide six includes a recap of our cash-flow performance this quarter, which shows a significant increase compared to the same period last year. The major items that contributed to our more than $1.1 billion increase in net cash flow provided by operating activities include receipt of $954 million in securitized debt proceeds associated with Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana storm financings; increased collections of deferred fuel costs totaling $287 million, higher net revenues at Entergy Nuclear producing $78 million of cash and lower income tax expense... tax payments of $120 million. These items were partially offset in our cash flow results by higher working capital requirements of $144 million at utility, parent and other and higher pension funding payments of $103 million. No doubt, you've see how very expensive it can be to secure liquidity in a credit market in complete disarray. As you see our release this quarter, we've included a thorough update on our liquidity. This approach is in keeping with our policy of giving you detailed information so that you can fully assess our business. We believe these details support the view, that our liquidity is very solid today. This position is not a coincidence, it did not just happen. In the spring of this year, we saw signs of unprecedented volatility in the commodity markets. We were also heading into another hurricane season and the credit crisis was beginning to take shape. Assessing our liquidity position is an ongoing exercise, but these events sharpened our focus and our focus was on ensuring cash availability consistent with our liquidity strategy as highlighted on slide seven. As the financial market collapse unfolded, liquidity demands on some companies heightened and credit availability dried up. While these events and the crises have been and remained unpredicted, similar shocks have happened before, for example in the post-Enron environment earlier this decade. We have always taken our financial strength and flexibility seriously and this is why we spend so much time on risk management. The reality is that we were very concerned about what we saw in the markets and took additional action to protect your investment. These actions included accelerating plan to refinancing of $600 million, focusing our efforts to get regulatory approval and then successfully completing the Louisiana storm financings, taking a very measured approach to share repurchases, when undervalued shares could have triggered a less thoughtful approach, delaying discretionary tax payments and delaying dividends from operating companies to the parent. As slide eight indicated specifically, it's by design that our corporate revolver is heavily drawn today and that our ready liquidity totals approximately $3.9 billion. It's also by design that we expect to have approximately $2.4 billion of cash available at year-end, even after paying around $1 billion of storm expenditures. There is one other element of our liquidity planning that deserves additional comment. We have a debt covenant in some of our financing arrangements, limiting debt to no more than 65% of capital, otherwise certain accelerations may be triggered. The specific debt covenants define the components of the calculations. Some components required knowledge of confidential information on an interim basis, which we do not feel appropriate to share. However, I can tell you we are continuing to meet this covenant. I don't point this out as cause for alarm, but to be clear that it exists and provide some limit, in addition to our financing authorities. That said we have cushion between our current position and this limit and should we approach to a point where we are unreasonably close to this test, we can quickly respond by taking a variety of actions. Most notably, we could use some of our extensive cash resources to pay down our revolver. We want you to know that we are diligent, not complacent as we manage our cash sources and needs going forward. In summary, we share the same concerns that you understandably have in the current environment. We know you're concerned about overall liquidity. Our liquidity position is solid, as fully detailed in our release this quarter. We believe that access to capital is very limited and very expensive if available at all. We have no need to access the capital markets any time in the near future. You're thinking that liquidity triggers are looming and calls on cash could be significant. We have all of our cash needs covered and even in extreme circumstances have a projected $2 billion cash cushion. You are seeing more and more evidence of economic slowdown and expect week results in '08 for much of the sector. Storms and weather did affect our utility this quarter, but the business otherwise held up quite well. Nuclear had another outstanding quarter and it will be the engine that we expect to drive us to our earnings guidance for the year. And finally, you run easy about the things you don't know. The surprises that are all too often are unpleasant, once you learn at them. We have been and continue to inspire the most transparent disclosure in our business. And while we too have felt the effects of the financial meltdown we've all been witness to; these situations do create opportunities. Our focus on risk management has kept us on solid footing through this crisis and has prepared us well to play solid things [ph] in the trying financial market. This is a time when our focus on operational excellence on that leg of our business model must be at the forefront. Additionally, the same focus has enabled us to be ready, should strategic moves identified through our portfolio management leg of the business model provide new opportunities to create value. Now our senior team is available for your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question today from Greg Gordon with Citi. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Good morning and I hope that the rest of management improves back soon and be back at full health.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Greg. We do too.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: On the quarterly earnings, while they're not related, would it be fair to say that you are able to mitigate the... more than mitigate the impact of the storm and weather in the utility business through the sale... through the income tax impact of selling that asset? It seems that me while they are not related, they were offsetting?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: By and large from an amount perspective, they are offsetting and you're right, they're related. It's just the timing of when that would've occurred anyway.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: So if I look at 2009 versus 2008, I am thinking about your service territory... the disclosure you made on page 14, there's a little colored box at bottom that shows about $0.21 of impact from the storm and weather; $0.14 for sales and pricing; would it be fair to assume that in normal operating conditions, you see $0.21 improvement quarter-over-quarter, in those storm and normal weather?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The weather that is both in the billed and then there was some significant weather in the unbilled period, that's just deviations from both normal and then also we had positive weather last year and then storms were just function of the last revenue offset by the lower O&M by which lower O&M diverted to the storms and most jurisdictions was offset by the higher O&M for storm cost in Arkansas almost exactly. Yes, so that's right that you have to put the weather and the storm effects back.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: At this point, while you haven't given guidance for 2009, what can you tell us with regard to the economic outlook in your regions and your expectation for sales growth? We've had several other utilities already comment early in the earnings season that it was the best to assume though, it had... the most pretty modest growth in sales if any at all next year. Given that...
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. And I'll let Gary to go into detail on that. Certainly we've been benefited over the course of the last year by some of the drivers of our economics in this region, but with decline in commodity prices and the refining sector here also with the changes in the value of the dollar, with strength of the dollar that's going to offset from of the positives that we had, but I'll let Gary go into detail on that.
Gary Taylor - Group President, Utility Operations: Hi good morning. We've actually as you would expect monitor economics in our area. If you look at it, it's really been kind of somewhat buffered from what you are seeing in the rest of the country. We've gone back and we don't...we see that the expansions that are planned, all indications are that those will continue forward and they are not being pulled back from. There is an additional federal relief assistance which comes into this area for Gustav and Ike of about $6.5 billion. There is about $1.5 billion that has been now appropriated to continue work on the levies. And as you might expect and as we've talked about the housing market in our territories really has not been to the overbuilt area or some of the concerns that you've seen in some of the others. We continue to see employment to be somewhat steady. We are not seeing a decline and I think that's reflected by one of the things that you would see in our areas as we closely monitor write-offs. The write-offs for us have not increased. They have stayed steady throughout the year, we monitor those as well as we actually went through the higher gas price earlier in the summer and with the lower commodity prices for us, especially in our area and a high percentage of this represents of our customers disposable income. Those will come down as the commodity prices come down, which is a positive again for our area. As Leo says, that we have basically have some of the same affects so that would impact the exports here from our... as the dollar increases and some of the projects that might go on as commodity prices for might be impacted. We've seen the typical things that you would see in wood products where it has we think bottomed out, but that again impacts a lot of our small industrials. And I think finally in closing, our sales expectations and growth in our area have been actually relatively modest over this time, typically the 1.5% to 2%. And if you look at where we are, we are slightly lower than about 1.5% year-to-date if you adjust for the hurricane, but we still continue to see growth in sales and that seem to be pretty close to what our projections are going forward.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. My last question is on that competitor business on the $0.11 delta, the result of a tax issue? Can you give a little bit more detail on that and give us sense of what the ... what the real sort of underlying run rate of earnings is on the nuclear wholesale?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think what we had in guidance at the time at the beginning of the year was about a midpoint of about $0.05 around... loss around that business, which has been pretty consistent with the last several years. That was actually related to tax on a capital gain of the sale we had of an asset earlier and that's... the tax... the gain showed up earlier on the book. The tax gain is just showing up now just because of the timing and so it's associated with a capital gain that we didn't at the time think we would have capital loss to offset.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. So you took the gain in the prior quarter of this year and now you're taking the tax here, or was that ... were the gain be taken at a prior period?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The gain was in a prior period now.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. So while it is an ongoing item, it is a non... sort of a non-recurring item?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Scott Engstrom with Glennhymn Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Scott Engstrom - Glennhymn Capital Management: Good morning.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Scott Engstrom - Glennhymn Capital Management: I just had a ... I had a question Leo on the tax benefit as well on that same schedule Greg was referring to kind of B1. It shows the $0.34 and the footnote I think says it's mostly from the tax benefit. You'd also mentioned an associated loss on sale of asset. Is that tax rate in that line at $0.34 or is that a different period. I'm just wondering also I know there were some year-over-year changes within the segments on taxes for the guidance this year. Is this $0.34 part of what was in your original guidance for this year?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the original guidance, we did have some portion of tax benefits associated with our tax planning. This is going to be a little bit more favorable than what we had in guidance, because of the size of the tax benefit of the liquidation. The tax benefit itself shows up, because of the taxable entities being outside the consolidated group. There is not an associated book impact, because of the consolidation of it all up into Entergy Corp. I think that's what you're getting at.
Scott Engstrom - Glennhymn Capital Management: Okay, so I guess what I'm getting here is kind of the opposite what Greg was asking about the $0.11 in terms of being operating, but non-recurring. How much of the $0.34 here would you say was operating, but non-recurring?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well it's ... that specific item just occurred this year. There are typically item like that that come about every year. It's lowered our effective tax rate from about 36% to 34% this year. Last year it was about 31%. So, it's difficult to say that that item specifically won't show up again, but typically based on our tax planning, we have items like that and they reflect themselves at lower effective tax rate.
Scott Engstrom - Glennhymn Capital Management: Okay, so you wouldn't expect a large delta in the tax rate for '09 guidance when that comes out?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We wouldn't plan that is such now. We've looked at where we are at the beginning at the year and see what we think is coming in and plan accordingly, just like we did this year.
Scott Engstrom - Glennhymn Capital Management: Okay. Great, thanks very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our next question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi good morning.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Great comment. I hope these guys are recovering good form quickly. Just real quickly, if you could explain something on Schedule 7 or Table 7, I guess you talked about; your ample liquidity remain at Entergy full-cycle structure, but corporate or Entergy Corporation has availability of $224 million. Can you explain to me kind of how that works as far as the ability to feed up additional liquidity at the parent or the corporate level and how we should think about money flows to support outside of the utilities?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the majority of the capital that we have in the cash balance we have are really at core [ph]. So, we have not exactly sure what you're trying to get to.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: I guess the issue is that the 244 it's really the liquidity there is substantially higher than just 244 because of the bulk of the cash balance would be sitting
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The two hundred and...
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: 220
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay well. Okay I see what you're getting in terms of how we get that moved around. We can move... we've ways to move the cash around the system between operating companies through the money pool. We also have ways to make loans and securities back and forth between the companies. We have ways in place to make sure that we can fund the system outside of each individual operating company.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Would you guys look to try and expand the authority at the corporate level or is that at Entergy Corporation level or is it just as easy to move money within the pool?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: At this point, we don't see any reason to how to expand that. We've got the ability to draw as much cash as we need. Right now Dan, we've drawn quite heavily on the revolver and we've got a lot of these liquidity needs, because as I said, we've just determined that that was the right thing to do in this environment. We made that determination earlier this year given where we were or where the markets were going and where we saw not only people in our space going but also the financial institutions themselves. The securitization proceeds, if you look at that table actually fit in that other category also and those can be lent around to be utilized as well.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: And I guess on...with the kind of a notion that Enexus will get spawn or addressed when the credit markets are supportive. How do we think about may be some extra corporate overhead costs and when does that go from special items recurring through the income statement if this goes on for a period of time?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's actually something that when we get to you and we give guidance, we'll be giving you some more color on what those... the term we used more margin, de-synergies that we see by having three companies instead of just one. And we'll try to minimize those as much as we can and be as prepared as we can to move when the markets allow it. But there will be some element of de-synergies during that interim period, as I look across the table, Dean is kind of one of those de-synergies.
Dean Keller - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Enexus Energy Corp.: Thanks a lot.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Although we love having him around but we'll give some color on that when we talk to you about guidance.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Is that, or should we expect that or are we going to wait longer to get an update on that?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right now, we're looking through all the elements of it and a big part of it has to do with the financial markets in the spin and how we actually how we present it. But it's likely that it'll probably be around that time around, yes.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: And will take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Catapult Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management: Yes hi Leo and please send my regards to Wayne and Rick as well.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management: A question in the work on the spin approval. Has there been any movement toward maybe trying to settle it?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's not the kind of thing that we would comment on certainly, the ALJs, so they've got all the information that they really need, that there is no need for further proceedings, so there won't be a hearing and so we just wait now to process and draw. Obviously we've provided a significant amount of information around not only what we proposed, but what everybody else has proposed and believe that the record is pretty clear that they should be allow to go forward that Enexus will be on solid financial footing and really be a great asset to the New York, Vermont and rest of the states where those plants operate.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management: Okay and I guess in the event that you would end up having that you do the spend? I mean is there any real significant difference in company value at its point either way and how are you thinking about the options?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The spin rationale still exits. The ability to change the bottom line, the revenues by changing the hedging strategy, the ability to provide option value to owners by giving them two pieces of paper instead of one, the ability to optimize the cost of capital. Today that cost of capital would be probably too high, and I mean literally today given the financial markets and where they are for Enexus. But on the margin, if you think about financing that company the way it should be financed, it would still be better standalone and together. All of those elements still exist. We're just in an odd timeframe right now in terms of whether or not that financing could actually be done, if it could be done that cost effective basis. So all of the reasons for doing this spin still exists. That that said we've always pointed out there is a significant amount of value inherently within that business already and we would attempt if for some reason we couldn't go forward to try and capture as much of those others spin-related items as possible, realizing that we wouldn't able to capture them all.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Capital Management: Okay. Thank you.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: Good morning guys.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: To reiterate prior comments about the other members of management, recover back [ph]. My question actually relates again to Table 7 and on the cash position financing authority. I just wanted to clarify the authority ... where you list authority. Are these actual committed lines of financing or just what you would be able to have if you think the actual credit lines doesn't seem to gel with the numbers in the 10-Q on that?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No that's the authorities that they have; the amount that they have authority to issue. It does not give right. It does not match up with the credit lines in existence, but they could go out and secure new financing at that level, within their authorities.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: But they'd still have to secure new lines to do that.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct, correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: So what's the number of actual available liquidity under lines that are in existence today?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well that's 3.7... when you say available, do you mean available yet to go?
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: Financing that is in place as opposed to just authorized?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's the $374 million.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: And that compares to what numbers?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's actually if you look at the paragraph on the previous page and add up those.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: Okay.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: So that would be kind of versus the 1954 in the table. Is that the right comparison?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In terms of what of that amount is actually... already got a committed line to it, yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: Okay, thank you. And I just wanted to just ask. I heard your comment on the Texas rate case. It seems that the commission has said they were uncomfortable with the fact that staff wasn't part of the settlement. And I've also heard that there is some statutory deadline, they have to decide this by late November. Just wondering, what are the next steps and did anything that happened last week, sort of a bright user come to an agreement with staff or how should we think about, how this is resolves?
Gary Taylor - Group President, Utility Operations: Okay, I think I need to say about of first I think, the other things the commissioner has also said that, when they reviewed the settlement that from a...they were two commissions I believe that there're from a high level view that they felt that the settlement number seem to be correct. And we said that as obviously very positive that through the process that represented most of our customers that we wound up with something which is for me equitable to for all parties. I think where the commissioners can't really speak for them. But that clearly, it is a complicated case. It is the first case that we've had in a number of years and I think they want to be diligent going through it. If I had to add to it, I think that the question that they really asked is make sure that the process was correct. And are they comfortable with that and I think based on their comments they want to make sure that they review the paperwork to ensure that. I haven't said that I think the next real decision and we extended of the decision you were talking about, to allow this to move to November 5th. We should have what that outcome is and then based on whether commission then decides then we would let avail ourselves so what the avenues are we need, based on that decision.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: Thank you. And then just one other follow-up in terms of guidance; is there a time period in which the spin could be delayed that might lead you to give some kind of entity consolidated outlook for 2009 and would that be as soon as... you got a option in the EI or is that something you would look away to do if it's delayed as well into the New Year?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well when we give guidance, whether we give a combined or a part we'll have to give all the components. So it's likely that it will be some sort of hybrid. And if at that important of time we're looking at... giving guidance for the EI and still some uncertainty in the financial markets and not knowing the timing of the spin. That guidance whether we give it for each individual company or as one, we'll have to give it somewhat of a hybrid anyway for you.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: It would be somewhat but maybe not fully comparable to how you cost today.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well it will have all the components, we'll be able to get there.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch & Co.: Okay, thanks a lot Leo.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I'll echo the comments previously of sympathy. Secondly I want to touch basically you guys on if on the buyback I saw the slide four and I see how much you guys accomplished. Are you guys still going to go forward with that or is the credit situation out there changing things at all and that I wasn't clear, I'm sorry if I missed it?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, that's alright Paul. We've continued to take advantage of the share repurchase program throughout this period. However, we've been pretty measured in how we've done it given the weakness in the stock price. We've not taken upon ourselves to be irresponsible given what's going on in the credit markets with liquidity. That's why we have significant liquidity, that's why we have the strength financial strength that we have today, that's one of the things that we've been measured about. But we've continued to utilize the program just on probably a more measured pace than you might think, if you just went into the same logic if your stock price was in the 70s, what would you do. We'd probably continue to look at it the same way to make sure that we balance what our liquidity requirements are, what our cash flow requirements are and what the market availability of liquidity is going forward? So, the authorization still exists in the table that we gave you. Going out through the end of the year in that table we've just put the assumption that we finished the $1.5 billion portion of the $2 billion of authorities that we have. That's just an assumption, it's not an indication of what we necessarily will or won't do but it's a very regular in fact day in-day out analysis that we do about what we should and shouldn't do in that program.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then with Enexus Dean, you're sort of talking about getting back to normal. I'm wondering if there is any sort of metric we should be following as to what you guys would consider to be sort of normal. I mean obviously I mean once you make the argument that, that the period before the credit crisis was kind of abnormal, what is normal not to get so possible but sort of, what is the specific spread we should be thinking about in terms of what you guess are looking at or needing to get to for further spin to take place? And also just when the status that you comment about additional sort of credit enhancement which I think is response to I mean, what you feel about that? But is there any thought...is there any change in that thought with respect to credit crisis or any other thoughts that how perhaps Enexus situation could change in light of what's happened? Or is it sort of like we are just going to wait till things get back to where they were before, before we do the spend?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I might actually let Dean comment on some of that, but I think we'd agree that some of what we saw prior to the financial situation that we're in was not normal. On the opposite side of where we are not normal today, so I don't think we'll be waiting to get back to that point, but we will be waiting to get back to a little bit less volatility, a little bit more certainty, a little bit more clarity around what spreads our day inday out and what availability if capital is day inday out. Dean?
Dean Keller - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Enexus Energy Corp.: No, I think on the first question, we can imagine, we've spent a lot of time thinking about all sorts of different scenarios for this business, both from an operational, from markets and from financing perspective. We have the benefit of a business that in almost any scenario shows a lot of free cash flow, has low operating costs and is really well positioned in the markets in which it's located. What we are focused on is delivering the best value package to shareholders that encapsulates the totality of the value delivering mechanisms that Leo talked about earlier. And so when we think about ranges of financing rates, we really focused on the totality of the package and this is not a deal that lives or dies on 25-basis point differentials in interest rates that we are thinking about. We are actually incredibly encouraged, as Leo mentioned earlier about the fact that we have actually been able to raise more than a $1 billion of bank commitments in this particular market. We think that says a lot about the quality of the business and we think that says a lot about the receptivity of investors in this business and we expect this to receive strong interest from bondholders when and when those markets open up.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay great. Thanks guys.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. A real quick question; could you give us an update regarding Indian Point and the need for environmental CapEx, the discussion about potential environmental CapEx related to Cooling Towers?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Mike?
Michael Kansler - President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear: Thanks. Good morning. Right now the process of that were before the administrative law Leo stated for the state of New York in environmental conservation is changing a little bit and when we actually hear the case on our permit is probably going to be delayed somewhat may be upwards to a year or 18 months. So a decision on whether their requirement is going to be Cooling Towers or whatever is getting delayed as it has been able over the past several years. We still believe that Cooling Towers aren't required and aren't necessary and that will be the case that we present. So, it continues to be delayed by process and we continue to build our case there and that we do not need to go these Cooling Towers.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And is there a kind of formal docket or formal procedure that lays out a timeline or is that still kind of uncertain and that's part of the... partly what's driving the delay?
Michael Kansler - President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear: Yes, that's kind of what the delay is because there is change in the requirements. It gives a lot of the steady work that would have been done. Once the apartment was issued down upfront and so that may have to be done before we actually give them any kind of proceedings and that's still being laid out in the state.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it and what about the federal litigation and how that could potentially impact... how that could impact Indian Point and actually impacted it?
Michael Kansler - President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear: It ends of turning out, whether they are going to require regular fitting just in facilities with best available technology et cetera. I know that's a question but I am not sure what's schedule is these days.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you guys.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Michael.
Operator: And we will take our final question today from Ms. Annie Tsao with AllianceBernstein. Please go ahead.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Good morning, Leo.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Annie.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: The best for both of them getting well.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Anyway a question on, in this quarter you have increased the pension funding payment of $103 million. Now for '08 in your guidance, what kind of number that you forecast vis--vis pension liability? And can you give us a sense of how we should think about your pension liability in '09?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was the cash payment, this year and that was actually just the normal cash payment that we would have made into it. It's different from moving for last year.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Okay.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, so that really is not a change from the funding that we have planned in 2008 as it stands anyway. Certainly as we look to 2009, we are in the process of assessing with that pension funding estimate will be. In terms of the estimate for funding in the funding and the expense are two completely different animals driven by differences in GAAP and IRS regulations, which I'm not going to attempt to reconcile for you a bit. As far as about funding levels go, we're going have to look at what our unfunded balance is and what's happened to plan assets by the time we get to year end. What the segment rate looks like in terms of how we split that out. And then as you know in the funding category there are some smoothing rules. They go into effect in terms of how long you have to make up funding deficits. That said, we're going closely look at what happens in the market and what happens in the market and what happens at the federal level, given that there is no doubt that the funded balances are the... of making of the trusts associated with pensions are going to have fallen for just about everybody in all industries. And so there might have to be some sort of change in regulations going forward in that as well. We don't anticipate that it's going to have an impact of great proportions, but it will be an impact given the fact that what's happened in the market at least to-date this year has driven down the value of the fund assets.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I would now turn the call back over to Michele Lopiccolo for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo - Investor Relations: Thank you, operator and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G-compliance statements. Our call is recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 3834525. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And once again, that will conclude the Entergy Corporation conference call for today. Thank you all for your participation and have a wonderful rest of the day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time for opening introductions and remarks, I would to like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Michele Lopiccolo: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault, our CFO will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person asks no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with applicable legal statements. Wayne?
J. Wayne Leonard: Thanks, Michele. Good morning. I'll begin by highlighting the events since we last met with you at our Analysts conference in New Orleans. Starting with the Utility, I'm pleased to report that today, Louisiana Public facilities authority is closing $688 million, securitization bonds with... bond proceeds earmarked for Entergy Louisiana. Louisiana authority is also in the process of marketing an additional $279 million of bonds for Entergy Gulf States, Louisiana storm restoration with closing expected in the near future. Louisiana full stead fast efforts to pursue this alternate securitization path will yield a minimum $40 million in customer savings over and above those that would have been achieved than its traditional securitization approach. The near term receipt of these proceeds, close to $1 billion closed in the book are regulatory recovery for hurricanes Katrina and Rita. In addition, the utility also settled its other excess insurer minus Katrina claim in July, received $71 million of proceeds completing recovery from the two excess insurers. Belatedly, in its December consolidated over the Arkansas Public Service Commission indicated that it was also open to consideration of alternative, extraordinary, storm restoration cost methodology. In June, Entergy Arkansas filed a joint application with other Arkansas utilities that will enable the use of storm reserve accounting. Utilities requested us to set a procedural schedule that would allow resolution of this proceeding no later than December 15. So that the calendar year 2008, would be included under the proposal. In rate proceedings, Entergy Texas reached a non-unanimous settlement with a broad coalition of customers, represented by seven interveners as co-signatories. The settlement called for a $59.5 million two step base rate increase. The customer coalition represents virtually all of Entergy Texas retail customers. At the same time a competing non unanimous settlement was introduced by the Texas commission staff and three interveners. Hearings on Entergy Texas non-unanimous settlement began at the end of June, and the reaching process is currently underway. We remain optimistic, this commission will provide a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return. Essentially, after 17 years on a rate increase. Regarding 2007 test year formula rate plans or FRP filings, Mississippi City reached settlement for it increased just under $4 million which the Mississippi utilities passed and is pending commission approval. In May, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana made their final filings under the current FRP framework, seeking FRP increases through evident deficiencies both in the $5 million to $6 million range. Ultimately rate changes will also reflect throughout the capacity payments. Later this fall, Louisiana companies will make the decision to either perceive extension of the FRP framework, or to initiate new base rate proceedings. Pursuant to its rate settlement, Entergy New Orleans, will file its required rate case later this week. In other regulatory matters, Entergy Mississippi responded to enquire from the commission regarding the 28% overall rate increase in the third quarter fuel adjustment filing resulting from escalating natural gas cost. Earlier this month, the commission held a two day hearing regarding all Mississippi utility fuel adjustment clauses. The hearing was reassessed in order to allow the commission time to review the information supplied, and schedule the reconvening next week. Rising natural gas prices have received the attention of not only the regulators in Mississippi, but also the law makers. This spring, Governor Barbour signed into law, new base float generation legislation, to help meet the state's growing energy needs, or encouraging diverse sources of energy. This legislation gives new authority to its commission, to allow utilities to seek, pay as you go financing during the planning, licensing, design, development and other early stages of construction for approved new base bulk facilities constructed in Mississippi. The new legislation in Mississippi, similar to the May 2007 Louisiana Public Service Commission general order, prevents opportunities for significant savings for customers, in meeting the energy needs of the future. And is one of the utilities necessary conditions for moving forward with a potential new nuclear facility. In nuclear, at the end of June, Entergy Louisiana petitioned Louisiana commission to replace two steam generators. Reactor vest for closure head, and the control element drive mechanisms that water for three at an expected cost of approximately $511 million. The long lead time to design, manufacture and transport search equipment to the site requires approval now, in order to lead the project in 2011. The need to replace the equipment is consistent with normal degradation and equipment choose [ph] for life. Actually due to careful maintenance for all of three years, one of the last nuclear plants of its type to replace its steam generator. Of the 14 plants in United States with similar pressurized water reactor designs, only one other plant has not replaced the equipment already. Entergy Louisiana is also taking approval for procedure for synchronizing permanent base rate recovery when the project is placed in service. Providing the time of certainty needed for major construction projects, in order to solidify the utilities access of capital markets. In the phase II filing, Entergy Louisiana will seek cash earnings for construction work in progress. Our portfolio transformation initiatives, Entergy Louisiana filed for a limited reopening at Little Gypsy air permit [ph], to conduct an additional layer of environmental analysis, in order to demonstrate that the re-filed [ph] plan will meet the maximum achievable controller technology standard. With its modern redundant and state-of-the-art emissions [ph] technologies Entergy Louisiana fully expects that the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality, will find those standards are met. The souvenir standard permit is issued in the first quarter of 2009 and spring levels cooperate, construction could commence by mid-2009, and the project could be in service by mid-2013. The delay is expected to increase the total project cost from approximately $1.55 billion to $1.76 billion. Primarily, due to price escalation on non-contracted equipment and material and increased carrying cost, due to extending of the construction period. The economics of the project remain compelling for customers, particularly given that natural gas prices or even higher then when the projects was approved last year. Entergy Louisiana expect to supplements and resume its Little Gypsy phase II piling in the fall, seeking cash earnings on equip and approval for the procedure synchronizing permanent base rate recovery when placed in service. Regarding the Ouachita acquisition, both the Arkansas and Louisiana public service commission has granted approval for this transaction. Entergy Arkansas expects the closing the fall on the acquisition of it's highly efficient 789-megawatt load-following resource and at a cost of approximately $325 a KW, including generation upgrade and transaction cost. At Entergy Nuclear, the non-utility, fleet turn in the solid performance achieving a 92% capacity back up in the second quarter which included the remaining 19 days on a previous quarters refueling outages 18.2. On license renewal; we are pleased to report that last week the New York State Department of environmental conservation issued that fixed prices Water Permits necessary for the NOC to perceive its license renewal. In addition, the New York department of state concurred with the consistency certification for the [ph] management program, setting up a clear path for the NOC to renew Fitzpatrick's license in the near future. At the recent legislative hearing not a single party spoke in opposition to the plans to building from it, or through license renewal. Also last week the Atomic Safety licensing board conducted hearing for the three remaining contentions for the Vermont Yankee license renewal application. Given the Boards plans to reach its decision around the end of November, Vermont Yankee now anticipates NRC license renewal in the first quarter of 2009. Further in a recent statement the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board indicated that the decision will be made by late July on which depending hearing divisions will be admitted for the Indian point license renewal process. Finally, we understand that the Indian point independent safety evaluation panel has completed its work, and will hold a public hearing on Thursday in New York to present their findings and recommendations As for the spin off of the non utility nuclear plants all senior executives have been named, including Dean Keller, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Steven Augusta [ph] General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer. Keller joins the nexus after more than a decade of financial markets experience in Citigroup global markets, most recently as Managing Director of Investor Banking and co-head of North American power group would it buy us a wide range of energy focus clients and participate in transactions exceeding a $100 billion. Our best attempt to in access from Houston berg LLP of Washington DC where he led the energy group. His experience improved with foreign and domestic energy company's on activities ranging from nuclear const ruction operation to de-regulation of electric markets to power marketing and our mergers and acquisition. For our results of continuing to regulatory front. We are greatly pleased to report that yesterday the ARC, approved their license transfer for the Enexus nuclear plant. More specifically the NRC approved that the post structure with Entergy Nuclear as the operating license and the next is companies as license owners of the plant NRC approval follow stock approval received earlier received earlier in the quarter. Just to review, NRC criteria for approval requires a determination that in excess and [indiscernible] meet the rigorous standards for financial stability technical qualifications and maintenance of decommissioning plant, safely maintained and operate the plan. Fourth approval ensured the transaction will have no adverse effects on competition, wholesale or resale rates and federal and state regulation. But also determine that there will be no cross subsidization by on players or encumbrances of utility assets for the benefit of a non-utility associate company. At the state level, last week the Ministry law of judges in a New York proceeding issued a ruling concerning discovery and seeking comments on a proposed process and schedule. The route to New York proceedings has been conducted in a professional manner and the ALJs remain steadfastly committed to their obligation to provide for the orderly inefficient completion of this proceed in a manner that could really serve as an adequate record is established for commissioned decision. To accomplish these twins' objectives the ALJs proposed the process for completing the eliminated prescribed discovery process filed three weeks later by the filing of initial comments addressing to find issues with reply comments in two weeks after the initial comment dead-line. Following we received all comments and review will be made on whether and to what extent an evidence theory hearing is required. That being said the ALG acknowledge that the post process will not facilitate the commission decision in September consisting with an excess request. But we are open to very real prospect that a decision shortly thereafter. In Vermont hearings begin today. Regarding SEC and IRS approvals, the post a minute in excess Form 10 is expected to be filed soon. Incorporated amongst others changes to address the comments provided by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We also expect to receive a private letter ruling very soon from the internal revenue service indicated in transaction qualifies for tax free treatment. As you may recall we consider both the filing of eminent Form 10 and receipt of the IRS private letter ruling pre requisites for issuing any present debt especially with in our or addressed in these remarks. As we have indicated completing the spin off remains our number one strategic priority for the year. While we are making good progress including the critical NOC approval received yesterday, the state approvals are now the critical path. Considering the New York ALC really last week we now expect the same completion to occur in the fourth quarter given that remaining approvals could be forthcoming early fall let me outline the sequence of activities you should expect once we have received the state regulatory approval. Within roughly a week of approval a special Entergy Board meeting will be conducted to seek final approval of the spin off. In week two the security exchange commission will declare the Enexus Form 10 effective with issue trading to getting the following day. So there after a record date will be established for Enexus spin off and finally Enexus stock will be distributed to Entergy holders on the closing date which will occur on a month end. Note the current transaction close occurred on a month end given the price limitation in closing the books of financial reporting purposes that being said, unlike our merger the closing date is not nearly so critical value of their holding. They are already owned and issued it and the underlying value continues to occur to you during the period required to close the transaction. With that getting recent trends in the gas markets we've already see pricing in 2012 the GE-levels consistent with or exceeding an excess $2 billion EBITDA aspiration. As further evidence by entering into a 2012 contract for over $100 of megawatt hour during this quarter. At eight to twelve times EBITDA that provides strong support from the point of view we continue to provide for market prices and market capitalization point exit. Before I turn it over to Leo, I want to summarize the obvious. There seems to be an overwhelming number of legal, regulatory and operational activities and initiatives underway at Entergy this year. We realize, we have set aggressive goals for both the timing and result of all of these initiatives, consistent with those goals and objectives thus far this year has been essentially non eventful. We really continue to move forward aggressively on all fronts and we have not suffered any significant set back's on any of our initiatives despites the volume of activities or the height of the bar that we've have set. At the same time we remain committed to other things that matter, like achieving our $1 per share annual earnings growth aspiration and operational excellence. With 2008 on track to set new standards of excellence, in particular in safety which is our most important assignment every minute of every day. Given everything we are trying to achieve, that represent a very, very good year so far. And perhaps more importantly the momentum we've seen since the announcing since announcing spin-off those rates the option value this transaction and the importance of providing our owners its separate liquid tradable financial instruments, where you get to make the me call whenever prices align with your point of view. And we're committed to making that happen. Now, let me turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne and good morning. In my remarks today, I'll cover quarterly results, and updated cash flow, the latest in our share repurchase activity and brief comments on our earlier guidance. I will close with an update on our current thinking around an excess financing options. Looking at our financial results for the quarter, slide 2 shows an increase in second quarter '08 as reported earnings compared to a year ago. This increase was achieved even though the current quarter included expenses in connection with the Nuclear spin-off transaction. These expenses reflected as a special item in the current period, offer a range of services from third parties assisting in the transaction. Turning to operational earnings; we achieved strong results in the second quarter '08 compared to the comparable quarter one year ago. The increase in operational earnings came from higher results at Utility, Parent and other, and Entergy Nuclear, partially offset by lower results of the non-nuclear wholesale business. Slide 3, presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. The 20% increase in Utility, Parent and Other came primarily from higher revenues, due to sales growth, including the effect of warmer than normal weather. Partially offsetting higher revenues, was an increase in operational and maintenance expense. The expense increase came primarily from storm costs, expense at Entergy Arkansas, increased loss reserves, and higher benefits expense. While year-to-date operational and maintenance expense, has trended over the prior year, we expect this trend to reverse in the second half of the year as certain known reductions materialize in timing differences aligned year-on-year. At Entergy Nuclear, we achieved an increase of 35% in operational earnings with the primary contributors being increased production, due to fewer planned and unplanned outage days, the additions of power saves and increased revenue from higher pricing. Also in Entergy Nuclear, we experienced an increase in operational maintenance expense as we have recorded an impairment for certain decommissioning trust fund investments. The primary reason for the O&M increase was due to lower plant spending deferred for future amortization as a result of fewer planned refueling outage days during the quarter. In addition, the increase reflects the effect of expenses associated with including Palisades as part of the portfolio for the full quarter this year. The decommissioning impairment recorded this quarter reflects sustained underperformance in certain investments within our decommissioning trusts. The accounting standards require a continuous assessment of individual investment performance. These standards require that sustained unrealized losses must be recognized. I believe it's important to consider a couple of points relative to this item. First, the impairment reflects the underperformance of certain individual investments, in a large portfolio, and is primarily associated with assets acquired in price in April of 2007, as part of the Palisades transaction. And also, the impairments of non-cash charges to earnings. We continuously monitor the performance of our decommissioning trusts, and remain confident in the long-term earnings opportunities of these investments. However, extended periods of underperformance in the financial markets have resulted in impairments in the past, we can offer no assurance, this won't occur at some time again time again in the future. Also, while we would expect these unrealized loses to reverse as the market improves, the subsequent gains will not be taken into income but rather directly to the balance sheet in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Absent this accounting impairment Entergy Nuclear's operational earnings would have been 48% higher than a year ago, and consolidated results would have seen an increase of 16% quarter-over-quarter. At non-nuclear wholesale business, results in the current quarter were lower compared to the same quarter last year. The decrease was due, primarily, to the absence in the second quarter of 2008, of the benefit of lower income tax expense recognized last year, when tax audit issues were resolved. The last item that contributed to higher consolidated results this quarter was the accretive effect of our share repurchase program. Slide 4 includes a recap of our cash flow performance this quarter, which shows a small decrease compared to the same period last year. The major items affecting cash flow during the second quarter, include reduced collections of deferred fuel costs totaling $243 million and the absence of $177 million of CDBG storm funding received by Entergy New Orleans last year. Both of these items, negatively affected relative cash flow and were essentially offset by higher net revenues in Entergy nuclear producing $195 million of cash, and reduced working capital requirements of $159 million like utility, parent and other. We continued to utilize our share repurchase program during the quarter, the details of which are reflected on slide 5. We repurchased 1.8 million shares in the second quarter, with roughly 75% of the repurchases coming through our $1.5 billion program. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $700 million of repurchase authority remaining. We continue to see our '08 operational earnings guidance in the range of $6.50 to $6.90 per share. Slide 6 includes the components of guidance. The main drivers to guidance remain unchanged, with steady utility results and strong performance at nuclear keeping us on track, toward achieving our earnings aspirations. Turning to the next slide, we update you on where we stand with respect to executing our financing plan. We continue to target $4.5 billion of debt associated with the spin, with $4 billion facilitating the Entergy recapitalization and $500 million remaining with an excess for working capital purposes. We previously discussed with you the prospect of issuing pre-spin debt for this business. And we continue to view that as a potentially attractive opportunity. As we assess the benefits of pre-spin financing, a crucial factor that will drive both the timing and size of any issue is the market timing... market environment. After showing some signs of improvement and windows of opportunity for financing in April and May, the high yield market has softened again. However, we believe there is still a market for good deals. The power sector continues to hold up reasonably well, and the financing backlog continues to move down. We remain confident that we can complete a successful pre-spin financing, should that be appropriate. However, we're not ready today to take financing to the market, and we realize market conditions continue to evolve. One item we consider necessary to initiate the financing plan is the receipt of the private letter ruling from the IRS. We expect to receive that ruling from the IRS in the near term. Once we have the PLR in hand, we'll be prepared to move quickly, should we determine that financing deployed has been appropriate. Depending on timing of receipt, we also recognized that our schedule could very well move into the September timeframe as activity in the financial markets slows considerably in the latter part of August. Again, the state of the market at any particular point is a major determinant of our timing. We've made substantial progress through the first half of the year, in advancing our financial initiatives. This progress provides a clear indication that our people are again stepping up to the plate with extraordinary effort. We know that our people obviously makes the difference. And we feel, we have the very best team in the industry. On a related note, we recently named the person who will assume the CFO role at Enexus. Many of you know Dean Keller, and will realize what an excellent choice he is for the job. For those of you who do not know Dean, I can tell you that you'll enjoy working with him, and I know Rick agrees that we're fortunate to have Dean as part of the Enexus leadership team. In addition to Dean's selection, we have staffed a number of the key leadership positions in his organization. The Accounting, Tax, Investor Relations leaders have all been named, as well as the Chief Risk Officer for Enexus. A number of the positions within these organizations have also been filled. So, we're confident, the talent who will be called on to deliver the value at new company, will perform as well as the outstanding team here at Entergy. In closing, I want to mention that we've an extremely active investor calendar over the next few months, including potential financing road shows activity, as early as August or September, two Bank Conferences in September. Following these Banks Conferences, will come additional debt road show for Enexus and Equity road shows for both Entergy and Enexus, and finally the annual EEI Finance Conference in November. As we work through this schedule, you should expect us to continue our communication our Entergy plans to achieve both its near-term and long-term growth aspirations. Also, as we share more details, you will hear a familiar theme. That theme being our continued commitment to providing top quota of shareholder returns, and reliable, affordable service to our customers. Regarding Enexus, we will continue to update you on our progress on the strategic regulatory and execution fronts. Also, we will begin to introduce to you the members of the Enexus leadership team over the coming months. Now, the Entergy team is available for your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically, [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Greg Gordon from Citigroup.
Greg Gordon: Thank you, gentlemen.
J. Wayne Leonard: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon: This term, I hate to dance on the head of pin here, but let's talk a little bit about the New York schedule. From my reading of the ALJ, they exceed spend [ph] of the initial timeframe to August 8, as you were saying that's basically five weeks added on to the end of that [ph], then after that there is the potential for hearing, is that correct?
J. Wayne Leonard: Greg, I mean that would be the outside he gave additional days for the interventions of the Attorney general and the staff to respond to all the discovery that we filed with them last Friday. So practically I don't think it's going to get us through August 8 and so--
Greg Gordon: Whenever that ends there is another five weeks?
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes, that's true.
Greg Gordon: And then there will be hearings and hearings will generally on the last
J. Wayne Leonard: No, --
Greg Gordon: But there potentially be hearings?
Greg Gordon: And then so if there is hearing there may or may be hearings and then I guess my question is, is it protocol for an ALJ to write a proposed decision in this type of case or not because from my prospective that could add another's three to four weeks before you get a window for the commission to move.
J. Wayne Leonard: Well I mean if you got all the way through that could be, but I mean our anticipation is still that we'll get through this briefing processes with out the discovery... it kind reason, his order, I think he is pretty comfortable and the staff waiting on that then one we had to file briefings on whether to extend the discovery period that you did a pretty job, in laying out that there's been a significant volume in discovering any questions. Answers and the only reason he gave a couple of more days is to make sure we that we all our responses in and they had an opportunity to ask the whole of questions. But I think there is plenty on the record in front of him and now we are in the process that kind of summarizing our different positions through these next three weeks and then we will have an opportunity to reply to those different positions.
Greg Gordon: But will he or wont he write a decision that generally takes a couple of weeks to turn around?
J. Wayne Leonard: Yes so I would stick that on the end of that five week period.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And then as it pertains to the NRC approval, could you talk about the difference standards that the NRC apply to their book of process and how they relate directly to some of the issues that to your task it is and there seems to me that the NRC directly or indirectly address in their approval a lot of the issues or at least a big chunk of the issues that New York is also considering that very true or not?
J. Wayne Leonard: No I think it's best if I read Greg, the probably the biggest outstanding issue is the value sharing payments which the ALJ has just raised which more of a concern in New York than with the NRC
Greg Gordon: Okay so if you did a side-by-side analysis of the issues being considered as the NRC and the issues being considered at New York, the one that sort of hasn't been addressed indirectly is the value sharing payment right?
J. Wayne Leonard: I would say that's right.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse
Daniel Eggers: Hey, good morning. Just a follow up on what Greg was asking, in a in this period of a glass half emptied what could delay into the end of the fourth quarter or roll into next year as you look at the schedule or do you think that even with the New York the ways you are comfortable bringing that fourth quarter to get resolved?
J. Wayne Leonard: I mean I think that would be right Dan, I mean we would look and we will be filing some time this week to comment on the process and obviously we are not going to push on September based commodities there but we will give a margin and provided October doesn't. But it doesn't need to trail into October but we're comfortable we will get through this at the end of that five week period.
Daniel Eggers: Okay and I guess you are just shifting gears at the utility, can you just give a little bit of color if you guys have see any thing as far as conservation or demand elasticity, your kind of response to higher fuel inputs, roll in [ph] doing the bills and any commentary on customer bad debt expense?
Gary Taylor: I guess this Gary Taylor. No we really haven't seen a large impact as far as like price lift elasticity. We do and count that in our sales forecast. We look at that but we have not seen a how. We've monitored write-offs and we've not seen an increase in write-offs to date. But clearly that company has got to continue to monitor as we lost our increase in fuel price. But the relief we've seen here recently, is a positive.
Gary Taylor: Good, thank you very much.
J. Wayne Leonard: Thank you.
Operator: we'll move to SAC Capital's, Ashar Khan.
Ashar Khan: Good morning.
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning
Ashar Khan: I was just trying to a little bit elaborate us to, however are you looking at your hedging policy in light of this transaction, if I heard Wayne right you said you bought something in 2012. So I was trying to understand why 2012, not 10 and 11, I am just trying to understand the hedging policy as you look forward.
J. Wayne Leonard: We will have [indiscernible], speak for that?
Unidentified Company Representative: Ashar, I mean it... I mean we've always been kind of open to transactions that are in a range that we think kind a hit our point of view. So over the last quarter there is been a few those still up and we have other counter parties that have both stuff about locking in some additional sales. So I mean we are open to locking them in once they kind of reach a level that we are pretty comfortable where we see prices going based on what we've laid down the aspiration whether that be key rate expansion or CO2 or also gas prices, so I mean we hit some of those prices on that period so.
Ashar Khan: So it's basically if am right, you are saying that you have a price target which lines at your aspiration and if someone is coming and giving you a contract on similar basis, you are ready to enter into those contracts. Is that is?
J. Wayne Leonard: We said at the time when we set the aspiration. Price of course were oil $180 and our aspiration was consistent with the range of our point of view. Like Rick said a number of variables could influence that but it was... that aspiration was consistent with that in a little clearly [ph] determined point of view. So when we receive trends and are bringing changes all the time relative to the things we talked about. But we see real transactions in a market place that are consistent with our current point of view and the range around those point of view with good credit quality counter parties. That we consider and into those contracts, but in so is that so much our aspiration which again for we are setting our aspiration and aspiration today whether they would be the same number or not I am not going to speculate on, that's kind of becoming Enexus point of view at this point in time. But the transactions we entered into are I think it's probably more correct to say consistent with our point of view and it's nice so they happen be equal to greater than the aspiration that we gave you a few months ago.
Ashar Khan: Okay, and if I can just stand up with I am assuming we will get our guidance for next year at the end of the third quarter call and I don't know really if you can comment how much of buy back is still planned by the end of the year assuming if the spin happens by the end of the year?
Leo Denault: Well they the two the buyback associated with the existing programs, the $2 billion of authority that refer the $1.5 billion program and the additional 500 authority that we have that's still outstanding, the $1.5 billion program we would anticipate being completed before the end of the year, before the spin potentially, the $2.5 billion associated with the spin itself will come... boost spending, it will not all be done immediately, it will take a little while to get that out of system but it will be pretty front end loaded.
Ashar Khan: Okay and we expect guidance at the end of the third quarter for next year?
Unidentified Company Representative: When we get to the end of third quarter depending on where we are with spin and how guidance looks, we would anticipate coming forward with something at that point in time I would imagine we just are going to have to look at the Entergy only guidance at that point, what Enexus will do too. Most likely that will be when we give guidance for 2009.
Ashar Khan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: John Kiani with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
John Kiani: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, John.
John Kiani: I was just looking at the appendix of your press release today Appendix E has the plan CapEx for the company on a consolidated basis and the numbers for Entergy Nuclear there in '09, and beyond look higher than what I see in the Enexus Form-10, under the capital commitments line. Can you help me understand what the difference is there?
Leo Denault: Yes, John. This is Leo. The major difference there is the inclusion in the Entergy CapEx numbers of the dilutioning and the --
John Kiani: Okay.
Leo Denault: And the Form-10. But, as you call that's a capital item, it went through capital not through EBITDA.
John Kiani: And, how should we think about that going forward, based on the progress thus far in New York?
J. Wayne Leonard: This is Wayne, everybody pointed at me, so, I guess... the... which I had a real answer for you there. Let me just switch on read the newspapers and talked to lot of people, let me just real quickly, make sure you understand what we've said. The original agreement did not contain a provision, that the value share impairments will continue if we were not the owners. That agreement was negotiated at arms length, while we were discussing the spin possibilities, and it was discussed at some way that we might not be the owners for the entire period. The counter party in negotiations, which was the state was more concerned or seem to be more concerned in striking a deal that provides the highest number they could get, and less concerned with solidifying the payments for the entire period of the agreement. What they got was a higher number than we were really thinking of negotiating at the time, and they got two years guarantee, which they didn't have at all in the original contract. But, the other period was open after the two years expired, but they didn't secure for themselves a higher number than we brought to the table. So, since the spin filing, with all the rhetoric and everything you read in the newspaper and all the different views on it. Essentially, nobody has asked us to reform the contract, they are not happy with it, but nobody's asked us to reform it, they simply tried to get us to ignore it. Most of that has not been face-to-face. Almost none of it has been face-to-face, it's been through the press. What we have said in our Form-10 is the contract says what it says, and was negotiated head-on swing [ph] and our intent was to live up to what's in the contract. Now, if the parties that have argued this issue believed that our reading was incorrect in the contract, then the contract calls for arbitration, not lawsuits and things like this that have been suggested. And naturally, if it went through arbitration, then we will be prepared to standby whatever decision will take place. Now having said that, that's kind of little bit of an issue, but, having said that ALJ's are asking the question of whether or not we intend to change the language in the Form-10, that basically says that no payments are due. It's a legitimate question, but the real question is, should the contract be reformed, not should the language be changed, because the language follows the contract. And like I said up until this point, or up until throughout this process, let me put it that way, nobody has come to us and said let's reform this contract, let's sit down and talk about this issue. If this did go to hearing, then obviously that there would be a lot of evidence put on the table with regard to why the state believed it to be in the public interest at the time they negotiated this at arms length. And then the ALJ's and the commissioner has to make a decision, about why it was in the public interest then versus why it isn't now. But, having said all of that, the defense is that reasonable people generally sit down and negotiate or talk about these kind of issues across the table, and get them resolved. That's the way these things get done, not through the newspapers, not through the legislative process, by just sitting down and talking about it. Now, having said that, I am really not at liberty to go any further than just explain what's happened and how these things generally get done.
John Kiani: No, that color was actually very helpful. Wayne, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Take our next question from Scott Engstrom with Glennhymn Capital Management.
Scott Engstrom: Good morning.
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning.
Scott Engstrom: Question on the nuclear results for second quarter. Not so much relative to last year, but relative to the real strong in first quarter. Wayne, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on the size of the write-down you took on the decommissioning trust. And then, just thinking about pricing, I think was down second quarter versus first quarter, about 5%. And given the move in natural gas and coal prices in the quarter, it surprised me a little bit, I know you very highly hedged and you may have higher hedge prices in the first quarter than second quarter, maybe that explained it. But, maybe if you could just comment on those couple of things and why net income at nuclear was down so much second quarter versus first quarter?
Leo Denault: This is Leo, I will go ahead and start. One, as far as the decommissioning adjustment that was about $0.07. So, it was a non-trivial number. In terms of the impairment, we also had market price averaged about $87 in terms of what we sold into the market during the second quarter. You're right, we are pretty highly hedged in 2008, and then we also had the end of the 11.2 refueling outage going into the beginning of the other quarter as well. So, all of those things kind of went to get you into a situation where, we had to high capacity factories year-to-date went about 95%, we got about 92% in the second quarter, and that had a lot to do with that... those days with the refueling outage.
Scott Engstrom: Is it fair to assume that your hedge prices would have been higher in the first quarter, than the second quarter?
Leo Denault: Year overall pricing year-to-date is higher than it was in the second quarter, that's right.
Scott Engstrom: Okay. And because, you said you got $87 from market prices in second quarter, do you know what that number was in first quarter of the top of your head?
Leo Denault: Not at the top of my head, no.
Scott Engstrom: Okay. And then, just thinking about wasn't any write-downs for decommissioning trust at... on the utilities and parents had?
Leo Denault: No.
Scott Engstrom: Okay. Is there... is it something specific--
J. Wayne Leonard: I guess, no probably was going to jump on to, what your follow up was. Lot of it has do within the Palisades transaction, when you require the plant, at that point in time, we mark those investments within those stress to market. So, that linkage of those investments it's market value in April of 2007, versus all the other trusts that we have owned for a longer period of time, either because we started them, or because we acquired the plants in the early 2008, 1990's [ph]. The basis in those is a lot lower, it's just the function of the market performance since April as the accounting rules. It's not a long period of time to have what they consider a long period of time, its months not years of underperformance that creates that impairment. So, it's really a major function of our marking-to-market that trust... those investments. And it is investment by investment in terms of within those trusts.
Scott Engstrom: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful, I appreciate it.
Operator: We have a question from Andrew Leidi [ph] with [indiscernible]
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, just going back on the New York nuclear issue. Just kind of going by the comments you made, I guess, kind of said if it would go to hearings, and the reasonable people can sit at a table and discuss things, I guess, the reasonable way or whatever you said. But, I guess, my question is with this whole payment issue going on, it seems like that's a good kind of negotiating issue. And, it seems to me that there is potential for a settlement in New York. I don't know if you can get it anymore than kind of the things you got already, but, could just comment on that, there is an opportunity is that or, does it need to go through a whole dedicated process?
J. Wayne Leonard: This is Wayne, Lee. Again, you compare it to maybe what you read in the newspapers, there are a lot of reasonable people in New York, of which we maintain good relations with, and there is a it's been a bit of a... on the political front there's just been a bit of uncertainty with regard to what's going to happen in a number of different positions in the state. And that's going I think be resolved very, very soon. And, the people that can sit down and are reasonable, and have the public interest at heart, will be able to do that I think very short, very soon and probably very quickly frankly. Other than that, that's about as far as I can go except to say that again I do think that the people that the they can get this done, could get it down very fast and have demonstrated that in the past and we understand the issue, I mean we really did from beginning and there was regardless of some of the things have been said that this is not baton switch, trying the structure the deal through to get out of making payments or anything of that nature and that was a the simply the way the contract read and we were more than happy to talk about that. And but like I said before the number that was negotiated was a little different number than that may be we had in mind when we entered into those, but hopefully we will be able to sit down and talk to people about what the right answer is and get it done... get something done very fast to give ALJ some comfort with regard to this is not an issue and I guess if there was a settlement or something close to it. Let's see, get rid all our that will be remain for.
Unidentified Analyst: These right I don't think you will have much of outcome schedule it might close it down a week or two earlier but that be about it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Debra Bromberg with Jeffery and Company has a question. Please go ahead ma'am.
Debra Bromberg: Hi, good morning.
J. Wayne Leonard: Good morning.
Debra Bromberg: If you can receive approval for the spin in Vermont which has the higher standard than in New York, could you discuss the next steps in the process that you would likely take and also separately, can you just briefly update us on the Pilgrim licensing?
J. Wayne Leonard: Debra I'll take on the Vermont proceeding I'll Mike Kansler talk about the Pilgrim I am pretty confident we are going to get through the Vermont proceedings, I mean the hearings starts today and we are working that issue pretty hard up there right now. So I think the issues that the... laid down and approved in their order are very similar to the issues that we are dealing within Vermont and I think at the end of the day we will be able to resolve those issues and from our Vermont Yankee will be part of the spin.
Michael Kansler: And this is Mike Kansler and I'll address Pilgrim. We had one outstanding convention contention at Pilgrim that's before the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board, we expect their decision in October and that's like the last hurdle for this event, FitzPatrick [ph] license renewal.
Debra Bromberg: Great, thank you.
Operator: Merrill Lynch's, Jonathan Arnold is next.
Arnold Jonathan: Hey good morning hi. A quick question the press release report refers to potentially filing a second amendment to the Form-10. I am just wondering given the you are still working on the first one, how would know that at this point of what kind of what you would be updating for second time around?
Leo Denault: Well this is Leo, Jonathan as we through the process every time we get new information we have to update it every time we get through a new quarter, we have to update the numbers. So as we make progress in implementation around agreements, around tax sharing agreement, around company, the agreements between the company all those things require updates to the Form-10. It is possible that we would envision that the next one after that would be more limited in update in terms of whether there is any further comments from the SEC, which we wouldn't necessarily anticipate that there would be and that it might be pretty close to the final, if not the final update that we make.
Arnold Jonathan: Okay. Again my second one was you have a, you said you made... you did some hedging in the quarter that was towards or even above your if you will be... being in consistent with the $2 billion, 2012 EBITDA aspiration for Enexus, and then if I remember back at the analyst meeting you had this assumption around $78 a megawatt hour on the open position. Based on where kind of market is today, for the blended open position you have on the plants that are open in 12, where are we kind on that on that scale between the $1.5 billion and the two, any color you can add on that given the pull back we've had, I guess in prices recently, are we still above the 1.5 and still below the two or somewhere else?
Leo Denault: It's somewhere in between, you know prices in 2012 will come down into the 80's. Last time we did the transaction that Rick mentioned we were over 100 and so the gas price retreat that we have seen hasn't effected not only the near term but also the forward curves as well as you would expect. But we continue to see those items that we pointed out last time at the analyst conference in terms of heat rate expansion capacity prices CO2 legislation as having an upward buy off in the overall price we will have going forward.
Arnold Jonathan: There used to be... what do you say in the 80's was a good bit of weighted estimates for where pieces are on your price points right on the open position?
Leo Denault: Now it's been bouncing around probably between $85 and $82, it just depends on what days you look at it. You keep going, just as when you keep in mine this is... I mean I can't say we are not resolved, but we apparent our transaction the transaction of these prices. We have a point or view and then prices they are going to bounce around, you know how the centre of this market is and the fact that the prices may be up or down at any point in time when we transact is when its consistent with our point of view and markets tends and somewhat time I am trying to middle and somewhat on other events or sentiment and we are talking about four years out here now so we can I guess we've articulated we're with the spin off, we're much more likely to get prices, don't move because of our point of view, they just kind of move more towards spot or much shorter positions. But we have no reason to believe our point of view is not pretty accurate at this point in time regardless of what the market does day-to-day.
Arnold Jonathan: That's helpful, thank you very much, can I just on the specific subject that it look like you added about 1% to the hedge position in 2012, 23% to 24% hedged versus last quarter and then the average price was up by $3, 51 to 54, did you to the take out some existing hedges I am just trying to make the math makes sense with that little increment and then the big increase in average price?
Leo Denault: Yes Jonathan, the 2012 position is first of all the before this transaction primarily Palisades into the beginning of the year on Vermont Yankee. So those are historical reasonably low price contracts. This one was in at market at the time contract over $100, it also when you doing 1%, 2% you get to some rounding impact in there as well but it really is just a transaction that's motive.
Arnold Jonathan: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: You have a question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, actually two questions one on the nuclear side one actually for Texas. On the nuclear side we are starting to see some pretty interesting proposals for major transmission bill, transmission that would come online in the 2012, 13 time frame. And from new renewals especially wind built out both in New England and in New York, just curious what your views is in terms of what that would mean for your nuclear assets in the region? That's a first question, the second one is on Texas. The ENUF [ph] that you've got, I am just curious what implied or it is that enabled State of Texas to earn [ph] that it goes into new effect?
J. Wayne Leonard: Michael let me start with Gary on Texas, right Gary.
Gary Taylor: Okay, just quickly and we were pleased at the end you asked that, we will see because it positions our business to earn an ROE around 10%. So on going forward over the next couple of years and so that... that's a real plus considering about where that business is come from where it been 6% or below 7%. Wayne?
Leo Denault: Michael on the transmission and the renewals I mean those are the tax things that we monitor, they are factored into our point of view on what we think prices will be out there. So these are not something that we weren't aware and/or are monitoring but like we've talked before it's still very difficult to get those things done. And in some situations, I think, Leo and I've talked before, some of this trend, some of these transmission projects, helped the deliverability of some of our plants into key markets. So, we're keeping an eye on all of it.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: That is all the time that we have for questions, ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Ms. Lopiccolo, I'd like to turn the call back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you, operator and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 2740813. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, thank you all very much for joining us today. That does conclude the presentation. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo - VP, IR J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and CEO Leo Denault - EVP and CFO Richard Smith - President and COO
Analysts: John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Greg Gordon - Citigroup Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard; and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. In an effort to accommodate everyone's questions this morning, we request that each person ask no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michele. Good morning. I'll begin by highlighting event since we met with you at EDI and then turn to a discussion of our 2008 goal. Starting with utility, in December the Arkansas Public Service Commission issued a consolidated order addressing several issues. As part of its earlier rate decisions, the APSC ordered parties to jointly develop and propose an annual earnings review process. Following a lack of consensus among parties, the commission determined that moving forward would likely lead to significant unintended and unanticipated complications and would be detrimental to the public interest. Consequently, the annual earnings of new process will not be implemented at this time and future rate changes, up or down, will continue to come through a base rate case. Upon elimination of the proposed annual earnings review process, the APSC ruled that going forward, Entergy Arkansas may petition for extraordinary storm damage financial relief just as it has done in the past. Further the APSC replaced the automatic sunset provisions, currently in-effect, for the fuel and system agreement recovery riders with the provision calling for an 18 month advanced notice to Entergy Arkansas for any potential future termination, which would only occur following due process, including commission notice and hearing. The APSC also approved Entergy Arkansas' proposed recovery mechanism with a capacity payments from Ouachita Interim Tolling Agreement. A separate rider will allow timely recovery of capacity cost and Ouachita energy cost will be recovered through the ESR. That's the fuel calls equivalent in Arkansas. We are encouraged by these actions as they indicate a renewed intent by the Arkansas Commission to fairly balance the interest of customers and owners. In Louisiana, the commission likewise demonstrated progressive leadership and constructive regulatory policy by granting approval on several portfolio transformation initiatives. At its November meeting, the APSC unanimously approved Entergy Louisiana's request to re-power Little Gypsy, well in advance of the June 2008 approval initially requested by the company. The Little Gypsy project is a much-needed solid fuel base hold resource that can reduce customer's dependence on natural gas: a significant issue for Louisiana customer's bills. The approval cleared the way for Entergy Louisiana to order vital equipments, so that components can be manufactured to keep the project on schedule. As a result, Entergy Louisiana finalized the terms on Little Gypsy APSC contract with the Shaw Group. The target cost contract, aligns the economic interest of Entergy Louisiana, its customers and Shaw as the APSC. In another action the APSC approved the uncontested settlement of the acquisition of the 322-megawatt Calcasieu peaking unit. As a result Entergy Gulf States for Louisiana expects to close the transaction by the end of March. In a third action, the APSC exercised its original jurisdiction and granted approval to recover cost associated with the Ouachita Interim Tolling Agreement, preserving Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's opportunity to purchase a portion of the plants output on a long-term basis. In other Entergy Gulf States matters, a long study jurisdictional separation became a reality at the end of 2007, when the Company separated into two vertically integrated utilities now known as Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas. For the first time, the newly established companies can develop and implement separate business plans consistent with local public policy direction, including any resource planning decisions. Entergy Texas also achieved constructed outcomes in field reconciliation and capacity cases. In December, the PUCT denied intervener motions for a secondary hearing, and the October 2007 order, allowing recovery of $1.6 billion of reconciled fuel and purchase power cost became final. It is important to note that all reconciled costs for being prudent, and the ruling affirmed, an exception to PUC past practice supporting recovery of an additional $11.4 million in previously un-recovered purchase power capacity. In an other positive development, with New Orleans recovery taking place faster than expected, as evident by repopulation of roughly 13% ahead of forecast. In December Entergy New Orleans announced that voluntary plan to return $10.6 million to customers, from a perspective 6.15% base rate credit on electric bills. The recovery credit recognized the necessary timely and decisive actions, including rate relief, provided by the City Council and the support of the community during a critical period for Entergy New Orleans survival in its efforts to exit bankruptcy. Finally Entergy was honored by EEI for its emergency assistance and low income Adequacy effort. Entergy and its employee have received either EEI's Emergency Response Award or Emergency Assistance Award for ten consecutive years, and is the only company to be honored each year since the awards were created. For the third time Entergy received EEI's Adequacy Excellence Award. This year in recognition of Entergy's low income initiatives, including a variety of programs aimed at assisting the 20% to 30% of customers living in poverty across the four-state utility service territory. At Entergy Nuclear, the non-utility fleet turned in a sell out performance record, achieved a 90% capacity factor for the fourth quarter, while successfully completing the first power stage refueling outage under Entergy ownership. As for the spin-off of the non-utility nuclear plant, we continue to take the necessary actions to complete the transaction by the end of the third quarter. Following the announcement at EEI, we established a steering committee to lead the overall process and make final recommendations on all major business and operational issues. We also established a project management office to coordinate the spin-off process across multiple functional areas, including nuclear operations, support services regulatory affairs and financial planning execution. On regulatory matters, in December, Entergy Nuclear supplemented its filing with the NRC to incorporate spin-off. Yesterday, Entergy Nuclear made regulatory filing seeking the necessary approvals in New York and Vermont, primarily related to the request to transfer control and the issuance of debt, any covariance of financial asset. We expect to file a FERC in February. Detailed Form 10 filing will follow our 10-K filing this spring, enabling Entergy Nuclear to include audited 2007 financial statement. While we are making progress, there is still much to be done in completing this spin-off by the end of the third quarter, it is our number one strategic priority for the year. To illustrate the value proposition, we tried to articulate at EEI November. We are beginning to see price discovery for 2012 and fundamental indicators support our expressed directional point of view. Since EEI forward prices have been as high as around $78 on an average firm LD basis for our 31 terawatt 2012 position compared to the $75 average forward price estimate for the market used in our EBITDA analysis that we showed you at EEI. As the general rule of thumb, a $5 power price move equates to an additional $150 million of EBITDA on our open position in 2012 for this fleet. That provides increased support for the point of view we provided at EEI, for market prices and the market capitalization, has been tough. But perhaps more importantly, the fact that we have seen this momentum over only three relatively uneventful months, illustrates the option value of this transaction, the importance of providing owners a separate liquid tradable financial instrument where you get to make the call whenever prices align with your point of view. The important thing to keep in mind is this is unlike a merger, where the value, if any, is not achieved or realized until closing. You already own these units and the underlying value continues to add to shareholders' wealth everyday. As for other goals for 2008, Entergy remains committed to safety, security, and operational excellence for its nuclear fleet. In fact, demonstrating these capabilities is the key to supporting license extension at our nuclear plant. With respect to the non-utility nuclear plants, we expect to receive license extensions in 2008 with approval with respect to first FitzPatrick followed by Pilgrim and then Vermont Yankee. And we will continue to aggressively move forward on efforts to obtain license extension for Indian Point. We recognize it is frustrating for you, as owners and customers, in many cases, to hear the unfounded rhetoric on the safety or the needs of these units. I assure you we are redoubling our efforts to combat these counterproductive and often self-serving attacks. We still believe the great majority of people just want the right answer and are open-minded about that. Fact-based education, not more noise is the key. We are engaged at all levels and have put in place substantial outreach and educational programs, working with civic-binded organizations across the region, and the plain cold facts point to only one answer, as being in the public interest as well as actually being consistent with the applicable laws regulators and the courts must follow for license extension. Since purchasing Indian Point, the level of investment has transformed the plant into one of the most reliable plants in the region with a capacity factor of 93% over the last three years alone. Indian Point supplies 10% of the state's electric energy without emitting any greenhouse gases or sulphate aerosols or contributing to ozone or acid rain problem. Without Indian Point, install reserved margin in New York state would immediate fall to about 12% below the 16.5% level currently called for by the New York independent assisted operator requiring New York, and I say that requiring New York to heavily, to rely more heavily on out-of-state resources to meet the minimal reserve requirement. Resources that are not as clean and not as reliable. And I feel '08 reliability assessment issues in December, also indicate the generation and transmission resources even including Indian Point, are expected to be insufficient by 2012 and that the need will become acute by 2017. Again that's with Indian Point. Further, based on physical location of the plant, the voltage support that Indian Point supplies to the grid is essential, if not critical, in maintaining the ability to move power downstate through the transmission system. In a final note on Indian Point, let me assure you that we are taking NRC deadlines to add a new state of the art siren system officially declared operational more seriously. It's important to understand throughout this whole period, public health and safety have never in anyway been jeopardized. As the NRC acknowledges, the original siren system remains in place and continues to be fully operable and capable of providing the necessary public warning should any emergency occur. We continue to work with FEMA and other stakeholders to ensure that the remaining issues will be resolved and the system approved by FEMA as quickly as possible. Utility, we are entering the year with the full regulatory agenda. In January, Entergy Arkansas filed briefs on its appeal the rate case order issued last summer. Entergy Arkansas is seeking to reverse the commission's decision on 16 different issues. Apellees will file briefs in March and a ruling is expected later this fall. Procedural schedules call for hearings in Entergy Texas rate case in the latter half of May with new rates effective in September, and hearings in Entergy Louisiana saw in the rate plan filing around the end of April with interim rates already in effect that are subject to refund. Additional rate filings will occur in Mississippi and New Orleans. Entergy Mississippi will make its 2007 FRP filing in the spring and follow with a rate case in the fall. Our inter-measures [ph] have reported rate release for Entergy Mississippi, an overall rate reset is still needed given the rate base growth and other changes since Entergy Mississippi's last space rate case in 2002. Entergy New Orleans will also file a rate case this fall consistent with the post-Katrina rate agreement. In the Louisiana the commission was expected to rule on the needs of the continuation of the formula rate plan. In December the LPSC staff found that in many respects the commission's objective for the FRP regulatory oversight initiative which is more efficient rate review and greater rate stability have been achieved. In addition subsequent rulings on rate making treatment for our capacity purchases and extraordinary cost change provisions have proven effective in addressing unexpected or unusual items. Consequently the staff recommended that either the commission agree to a one year extension of Entergy Gulf State Louisiana's FRP to synchronize with the final year of Entergy Louisiana's FRP or alternative stand for a longer period. Entergy Gulf State Louisiana has indicated that it is amenable to the one year extension. In other regulatory matters, Entergy Texas will seek resolution on the appropriate qualified power region and a plan to transition the competition. The SPP study ordered by PUCT is in progress and we expect a resolution on this matter late in the year. In Louisiana, we will conclude efforts to execute securitization process to collect roughly $1 billion from storm-related proceeds already approved by the commission. The companies are pursuing an alternative securitization path, creating potential tax benefits and should reduce ultimate cost for customers. In the interim, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf State Louisiana will continue to accrue carrying charges with the commission having taking constructive actions just this month to continue this charge. On the portfolio transformation front, Entergy Louisiana will conclude its Little Gypsy Phase II regulatory proceeding in June. The two matters to be addressed are recovery of cash earnings on equip and the procedure for synchronizing permanent base rate recovery when Little Gypsy is placed in service, that is, eliminating potential regulatory lag. Entergy Louisiana is encouraged by the direction previously indicated by the commission finding that permitting cash return on equip for a large base float project may be in the public interest under certain circumstances. And we believe we make that case in Little Gypsy. Entergy Louisiana will also take action to meet the conditions outlined by the commission in November. When it voted to certify the Little Gypsy project, including developing and implementing a construction monitoring plant. Again that is intended to eliminate any surprises or any 20-20 hindsight reviews in the future. As for the generating facility acquisitions, Entergy Gulf State Louisiana expects to close on Calcasieu by the end of March. And Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Gulf State Louisiana will seek to obtain the requisite approvals and regulatory recovery to complete the Ouachita acquisition earlier this year. To reserve the new nuclear option for its customers, the utility will file its first combined construction and operating license application for the Grand Gulf site in the first quarter, to be followed by a second application for River Bend site around mid-year. On the Federal front, utility operating companies will continue to evaluate a replacement to the current system agreement. One of the balances they need to achieve economies and efficiencies for its utility customers while eliminating the disputes and litigation that have characterized the periods since the system agreement was adopted more than 20 years ago. In light of the initial notice of withdrawal by Entergy Arkansas and the recent notice of withdrawal by Entergy Mississippi, in January, the LPSC unanimously voted to direct its staff to begin evaluating potential for a new agreement. Likewise the New Orleans City Council opened the dockets to gather information on progress towards a successful agreement. As apparent this year we will complete our current $1.5 billion share repurchase program. In addition, given current volatile equity market conditions there will likely be various periods this year of opportunistic purchases of Entergy stock. In anticipation of this, yesterday, the Board authorized $500 million of the expected $2.5 billion stock repurchase program plan for post spin-off, providing Entergy the increased capacity to capture long-term value for our long-term owners before the spin-off takes place depending upon market conditions. And finally, Entergy's Board remains committed to growing the dividend, consistent with our financial aspirations. Along with a struggling economy, 2008 will undoubtedly hold the typical challenges. But our financial aspirations remain unchanged and our focus will remain on the principle to sustainable growth that has successfully served us in past. Before I close, I would like to add that we hope you all join us at our analyst conference in April, where we intend to explore in more detail what will become known as the value utility. Since the conference is being held coincident with many would say is, the Premier New Orleans extraction, the first weekend of the Jazz and heritage festival. Please be sure to make the travel arrangements now, if you haven't already done so. Since all flights into the city will likely sellout during this period of time. We look forward to seeing you hear in the spring. And now let me turn the call over to Leo, who looks very eager to get started. Leo?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning everyone. In my remarks today I will cover quarterly results followed by cash flow performance, an update on our share repurchase activity and a recap of our '08 earnings guidance. I will include then close with some brief comments on our post-spin financial aspirations. Looking first at our financial results for the quarter, slide two shows that fourth quarter '07 as reported earnings were lower compared to one year ago. This decrease was attributed to the variance in special items recorded in the fourth quarter of '06 compared to those recorded this year. The details of our special items are shown on slide 2 and are also included in appendix B3 of our earnings release. Turning to operational earnings, we see an improvement of 42% for fourth quarter '07 compared to the comparable quarter one year ago. The increase in operational earnings came from higher results at Entergy Nuclear and the non-nuclear wholesale business, partially offset by lower results at utility parent and other. Slide 3 presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results. At Entergy Nuclear, increased revenue from higher pricing, the addition of Palisades and lower income tax expense were the major drivers. With regard to tax expense, the primary factor producing the lower expense was a step up in the tax basis of our non-qualified decommissioning trust fund for Indian Point as a result of restructuring the trust. Lower income tax expense was also due to the annual fourth quarter consolidated income tax adjustment allocated to Entergy Nuclear. This item reflects the effect of allocating consolidated income tax adjustments across all of our businesses. Each fourth quarter we determine the individual business contributions to consolidate the taxable income and record the necessary adjustments to align tax liabilities. The process often has a significant effect on individual business results across years. However, there is no net effect on consolidated results. Also in Entergy Nuclear, we note that operational and maintenance expense was largely unchanged other than the effect of nuclear alignment expenses and having Palisades as part of the portfolio this quarter. The non-nuclear wholesale business, results in the current quarter were higher compared to the same quarter last year due to lower income tax expense. The lower tax expense was primarily associated with the annual income tax adjustments allocated to this business. Our utility, parent and other earnings were lower in the current quarter compared to results for fourth quarter last year. Significant factor contributing to the low results of this business was higher income tax expense. The increase in tax expense is due primarily to two items, which included the absence in the current quarter of tax benefits realized in the fourth quarter of '06 associated with tax and audit settlements, and higher income tax associated with the annual consolidation income tax adjustments allocated to utility, parent and other in '07 compared to '06. The other factor that contributed to lower results in the fourth quarter of '07 was the absence of a constructive regulatory settlement that contributed to earnings in the fourth quarter last year. Positives at utility, parent and other this quarter include higher sales revenues coming from warmer than normal weather, higher transmission revenue and increased recovery of capacity cost. In addition, operation and maintenance expense for the fourth quarter was basically in line with our expectations. Moving to full year results, slide 4 shows as reported and operational results for '07 compared to '06. As reported results were higher in '07 with Entergy Nuclear and the non-nuclear wholesale business each contributing, and looking at the full year operational earnings we see improved results with nuclear and non-nuclear wholesale contributing to a 22% increase in consolidated earnings year-over-year. Entergy Nuclear's 88% earnings increase in '07 compared to '06 was driven primarily by higher pricing on energy sold, increased generation available and lower income tax expense. The higher output was made possible by the addition of Palisades acquired in April of 2007. Operational results for the year at the non-nuclear wholesale business were higher compared to its contribution in '06, increased due primarily to lower income tax expense associated with the favorable resolution of tax audit issues and the annual consolidated income tax adjustment process. The last item that contributed to higher consolidated results this past year was the accretive effect of our share repurchase program. Sales growth, the effect of regulatory actions and higher transmission revenue at utility, parent and other were offset by higher income tax expense, higher operation and maintenance expense and higher interest expense. In reflecting on our financial accomplishments in '07, we believe the proper context is to review results against our objectives as outlined on slide 5. First, we achieved our $1 per share earnings growth aspiration and did so in a challenging economic climate. We initiated a new $1.5 billion stock repurchase program in 2007 and returned nearly $1 billion of cash to our owners, doubling our repurchase aspiration of $500 million. In addition, we increased the dividend in July by 39%, long overdue since the last increase in 2004 and consistent with our aspiration to achieve a 60% target payout ratio. And our operational return on invested capital increased 8.5% from 7.7%. It's important to emphasize that these financial accomplishments were realized without sacrificing our solid credit metrics. In fact, we removed the negative outlooks triggered by the '05 storms. We never lose site of our point of view had a strong balance sheet as a fundamental component of long-term financial success. Perhaps most importantly, we positioned our business to take a major step forward in our continuous endeavor to create shareholder value through the spin-off transaction. Slide 6 includes a recap of our cash flow performance this quarter, which shows a decrease compared to the same period last year. Several items contributed to the reduced level of cash flow, including working capital requirements of $130 million, reduced collections of deferred fuel cost, totaling $65 million. The absence of $81 million of CDBG storm funding received by Entergy Mississippi last year and the absence of Entergy cash proceeds from final disposition of the sale of assets, $96 million of which was reflected in OCF last year. On the positive side, the cash benefits of higher net revenues in Entergy Nuclear served to partially offset those items that reduced the operating cash flow in the period. We made good progress in our share repurchase program during the quarter, the details of which are on slide 7. We repurchased 1.6 million shares in the fourth quarter with approximately 65% of those repurchases coming to our $1.5 billion program. At the end of '07, we had approximately $500 million of repurchases already remaining, and as Wayne indicated the Entergy board granted authorization for $500 million of the anticipated post-spin program. This action enables us to consider opportunistic purchases given the current volatile equity market conditions. We continue to see our '08, as reported and operational earnings guidance in the range of $6.50 to $6.90 per share. Slide 8 includes the components of guidance. As we would expect at this point in the year, the main drivers of guidance are essentially unchanged, and keeping with past practice we've adjusted a few line items to reflect actual '07 results including the impact of weather. In reviewing all current data available, we continue to believe that our current guidance range is appropriate. We have and will continue to gauge our success against a range of objectives and meeting our financial aspiration is undoubtedly on the top of your list. Moving into '08, a year when we expect to reshape our company, we are encouraged by our demonstrated performance across key financial aspirations that I described earlier. As our company evolves towards the new businesses, it will be become post-spin to recognize that our financial aspirations must evolve as well. Our financial aspirations after the spin-off is completed have not changed from those Wayne discussed at EEI, as reflected on slide 9. We will continue to strive to achieve top quartile shareholder returns. We accomplished that goal in each of '06 and '07; and it remains our overarching objective. More specific to SpinCo, which is shown on slide 10, EBITDA of $2 billion by 2012 continues to be achievable. We believe the expansion in EBITDA will come through a combination of factors including our open position and forward prices for both energy and capacity, key rate expansion, and the positive effect of carbon legislation given our clean nuclear portfolio. We have been asked often since November, whether we believe our EBITDA estimate is a realistic number. Our response has been and continues to be yes. And based on recent upward movement in market prices for 2012, as noted earlier by Wayne, EBITDA at this level certainly remains achievable. SpinCo also expects to have the cash capacity to support annual share repurchases in the $500 million to $1 billion range. Finally SpinCo expects to maintain strong merchant credit relative to others in the sector. Our financial aspirations for Entergy post-spin are on slide 9 as well and reflects solid earnings growth in the 6% to 8% range. We believe the underlying business can produce about half of this growth with the other half coming from the accretive effect of the post-spin repurchase program, part of which may come ahead of the spin-off with the balance to be initiated immediately after the spin-off transaction is finalized. The second element of our financial aspirations for Entergy is maintaining a dividend payout target in a range of 70% to 75%, and finally with respect to credit quality, investment grade credit with a lower risk profile relative to today continues to be our objective. In closing, we see '08 shaping up to be one of the most exciting and perhaps challenging years in our Company's recent history. We look forward to sharing the excitement with you. We are prepared to be challenged as we work to create long-term shareholder value. Our senior team is now available for your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] We will go first to John Kiani with Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Can you please talk about how the nuclear spin timeline could change if Vermont decides to go to full hearings, please?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Rick, why don't you go ahead and take that?
Richard Smith - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think if they go to full hearings we'll have to wait a couple of month to see what the procedure own schedule will be that doesn't mean that we can't close a transaction still by the third quarter. But we are probably a good month away before we really know what that impact of the detail procedure on schedule will be.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. And then, Leo, I guess with the plan to do, at least at this point, about $4.5 billion of debt in conjunction with the SpinCo, I guess, in part to refinance some debt and also to fund the remaining $2 billion of the buyback. Can you talk a little bit about options there considering the current state of the high yield credit markets?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, John, the overall plan remains the same as what it was when we first announced this at EEI. We continue to monitor what's going on in the financial markets and the credit markets. Obviously as we get closer to the spin-off date, we will have to size up the right way to go about financing, both, in terms of sizing and in terms of methodology. But right now, we don't see... we're still optimistic that things will shape up to where we are able to do the financing in the way that we've set out. We anticipate doing unsecured financing for the most part around the SpinCo financing, and then as we get closer to it, we'll see what the spreads looks like, what the cost structure looks like, on an absolute basis and also on a relative basis, and then look at if there is different ways to go about it. But right now, we would see it going the same way that we have planned all along.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks Leo.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Gordon with Citigroup.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: ... Vermont is a little bit uncertain, is there a statutory timeframe that we need to look at in from a date as well, give us any guidelines on what the outside balance of that process might look like?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Greg, unfortunately you're breaking up here a bit, so
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Sorry. Can you hear me now?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's clear, good.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Sorry. I was wondering if you could give us sort of the outside balance of what the timing on the New York process might be as well.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Rick, go ahead with that.
Richard Smith - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think it's the same answer as Vermont. I mean, we are going to have the scheduling order out of them, and we will probably get that within the next month also. So, until we really have that information; we are not really going to know if there is a net worth down. They have a procedure where transfer of ownership, these type of merchant generation can go through pretty quickly and that's the way we have filed the request. And we are hopeful they will take it up that way.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Greg, as I know that everybody is a little anxious about the schedule and what it's going to look like. And that I am glad, because that tells me that people really are interested in the spin, and they want that piece of paper. But as you know the value of that option isn't going down between now and then. It's just going to continue to increase, and whether it's September 30 or October 1 or before or after, that you own those... like I said, you own those assets and that option value, which you can't... won't be able to pull the trigger on until actually we close, but the value is going to continue to go up between now and then. So, I don't want people to get too nerves about that.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: On that front, my second question is regarding RGGI, Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. From your perspective when you look at the structure, you have a 36 months compliance window beginning in '09, I am sort of fishing around, as I have seen I think offers for offsets in the market are offered around $5.50 a ton. Do you... where do you see the bid-ask [ph] spread on RGGI pricing coming, and do you think that's already reflected in forward curves or not?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Leo.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's... Greg it's difficult to say exactly where it will play out until it gets implemented. But I think that the estimates that we've seen in the past that are in that range that you mentioned that can range anywhere from $1 to $3 or $4 a megawatt hour are still in lines with what we would anticipate as probably going to be the, at least, starting point there.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: But the billion dollar question is whether part or all that's already baked into forward curves, so whether that's an upside that we will capture, want just more clarity.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are breaking up again, but if I heard you right, it's... how much of that we think is embedded in the forward price curves. And as we look at it out in the 2009 and beyond timeframe, we would say very little.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Greg.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Benjamin with Canaccord capital Management [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Steve.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Hi, Wayne? Can you hear me, okay.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's good.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you, on the... in 2007 looking, I was trying to clean up the year for some items that might be non-recurring and you do a good job comparing '07 to the '08 guidance. I see... I think there was obviously, you had a lot of net tax benefits in '07, and then favorable weather. Were there other items when you do the '07 to '08 that are not recurring, for example, you are showing O&M '08 versus '07? Did you have some higher O&M in '07?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We got the big brain and big computer, both, so I'll let him handle this.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The computer is probably a lot bigger than the brain. We did have some items that showed up in O&M in 2007 that shouldn't show up going forward to minimum bill credits that we provided are one of the larger items going forward. We actually... we have... our benefits cost, we anticipate going down, also, we have got some actuarial adjustments, pension and things like that that will have some reductions that should show lower O&M going forward and storm reserves as well that we were accruing in the past that we won't have to do. Now the way we have got those set up, because those going to be securitized instead. So, there is a number of factors that go into actually at the utility have been lower O&M going forward than what we saw in 2007.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just thank you by the way, probably, Michelle for the detailed regulatory review on the milestones for the spin. I guess, I would ask, if you look at all these different milestones, what would you say is the critical path for getting it done on the time line that you are targeting?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Steven, Michelle is smiling. That's the first thank you she has got, I think all year, she appreciates that. Rick has not got a thank you until this thing closes, Rick, what is the answer there?
Richard Smith - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think it goes, Steve, to the previous question that's going to be Vermont and New York. And, I mean, within a month we'll know what those scheduling orders will be and that will really set the timeframe and how hard or easy it will be to meet at their quarter close. I think the NRC and FERC were pretty comfortable, will go fairly easily.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Steve.
Operator: : We'll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to clarify one thing on the way you've laid out the tax items and the warp between 2007 and 2008 guidance. Are those purely tax lined items or are they... does it include the tax impact of all the other items above? I guess, asked another way, are all the other items shown on an after tax basis?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All the other items are on after-tax basis.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And if I could just, one other thing, can you be... and perhaps quantify what the income sharing was under the various arrangements of the non-reg nuclear in 2007?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's something that we don't have to come up with but neither [ph] should be about $72 million. And that's really all there is for 2007. But that's per the settlement that we have with them.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: We will go next to Andrew Levi with Bancorp [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, how are you doing?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just trying to get a some type of idea on the timing of the buyback, is it... does that have to do with stock price or does that have to do with something else?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes stock price will have a bearing on it, the... we did have... obviously we have a special meeting of our Board yesterday to discuss this. And we have a point of view already with regard to the stock price. You all have a point of view relative to the underlying value and the... where we sit... without getting into the details of that point of view, obviously the Board felt that it was important to put the $500 million in place given the market conditions that exist today and they will even be more volatile as we go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: So, I guess it would be fair to say that down at this price you guys deal with an attractive buy here, and we'll probably see here in the market sooner rather than later, I guess.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well...
Unidentified Analyst: If the price stays down at these levels.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have considerable amount still left to go under our existing authority, and this is above that. But obviously, as we have indicated in the past and as the shares have traded in the past this is not a good market right now and our strategy is completely understood by the marketplace or as well quantified or as quantified in the same way that we do. I think comments from a number of different utilities in similar positions, who said they talked to the investor banks and others about these kind of things and they don't see a compelling story or compelling strategy or a compelling reason to do what we're doing. For whatever reason, we don't agree with that, we don't typically get our numbers from bankers or anyone else. We run them ourselves and then bankers confirm them, arguing about... whatever, but our numbers are compelling to us with and without the spin. And I think we've made that pretty clear for some time, but I'll just confirm that. Leo, you want to add?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think everything Wayne said is right. Like you said in the script we've noticed a lot volatility in the overall markets and we've noticed the volatility in Entergy stock itself, and those... with volatility comes opportunity and so having significant amount of it already to act when we deem it's prudent, is just good business practice.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know what were the things that we think, without prolonging this, is to keep in mind with the volatile market, potential recession and things of that nature, and you look at all aspects of what your value, what your value, you didn't... there are some relatively small impact on our cash flows could come from a recession, and we have certain risk to revenues in territory. But a lot of that is, given the nature of our customers is relatively minor, it's an energy sector, it's up to capacity, and it's not really expected to change. And then you look at the discount rate you are going apply to your cash flows, and in the past, when this industry has been through very tough times our discount rate have changed. The risk-free rate has changed and its volatility through the market has changed, or the event risk or whatever has concerned investors. And as you have seen, I think, in our regulatory filings, we worked very hard with our regulators to, some of the event type risk things like twenty-twenty hindsight reviews. We are trying to get those consistent with what the law provides, and with regard to our plans they run well. They are clean. The big event out there is greenhouse gas control which is one that benefits our plants most certainly. So, from our standpoint, unless you are looking at 10% inflation and things of that nature, the discount rate, really, isn't going to change a lot. So, and the revenues may have a little more volatility, but not a lot. There is no real underlying reason that you look at this company and say well, it is trading for 125 and all of a sudden it's 107.52. The screen is right. So, I mean, you know what the fact is, you know better than I do, but the Board took the appropriate action.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Carrie St. Louis with Fidelity.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Hi. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions regarding the nuclear spin-offs and the credit markets; I appreciate the comments that you think that, right now the markets aren't much changed from when you announced the spin-off, but I think that might be slightly nave. And I just wanted to kind of further question you on what some of the sensitivities are, if you are not able to raise the amount of financing that you previously contemplated? And I guess from my line of thinking is going is that I was little bit surprised that you went ahead and announced the additional buyback without knowing how the spin-off would proceed, and as a bondholder, how am I supposed to think of that in relation to your commitment to keeping strong investment grade credit metrics at the current Entergy Corp.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Leo will be even more eager to grab the phone. I am just kidding. Those are good questions, Carrie, and I will Leo take that up.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As far as the buyback goes, Carrie, it's not... I guess, it's additional to the authority that we have today. But I wouldn't characterize it as additional. It's no different than the authority that we would anticipate getting post-spin. It just takes a portion of it and gives us that authority today, given the potential opportunities that we may see in the market. So, we haven't come out and said that we're going to do any more than we would have done had we once the spin is completed. And in fact it's just kind of a technicality of when the authority from the Board shows up for management to execute. So, the way you can think about it is whatever authority we would seek post-spin, we now have to seek $500 million less than we would have otherwise. So it's not additional to the overall plan. The overall plan is exactly as it was anticipated at the outset. As far as the question about why would you do it without the spin actually occurring? At $500 million, if you were to even look forward, under the unlikely event that there is no spin, cash flows of the Company, the credit capacity of the Company '08, '09, '10 and beyond would continue to support $500 million worth of repurchase authority. And so it's not talking away from anything that has to happen to give us that capability. And as Wayne mentioned in his remarks, the spin doesn't have to happen for us to own the nuclear plant. The spin doesn't have to happen for us to benefit from the roll off of the existing contracts into higher price market. The spin doesn't have to occur for the value of those assets to show up, in large part just based on movements in the forward price of power. So, all of those things that contribute to the value of the business, the fundamental underlying value, will be there whether we spin it or not. There is just incremental value to owners through the separation, through the option value, and through the change in the cost of capital, through the ability to manage them separately, and to get the optimal cap structure at both firms as opposed to trying to do it as one together when your policy decisions at the utility and the parent might be different than the point of view that you have at the nuclear business. So, all of those go to say that the $500 million is not a strain on anything whatsoever, whether you are a bondholder or not. It's just a added authority that we have and to be able to utilize in times like these. At presently we have to use it going forward. And as far as the credit markets, I didn't say that the credit markets haven't changed, I said our plan hasn't changed. The credit markets change everyday, and what we are looking at, however, is that the spin-off is going to occur in the third quarter of next year. The financing package that we put together is not going to be based on what credit markets were in July of last year when they were really, really favorable. They are not going to be based on what they were when we went into the credit crunch or the crisis that occurred out of the subprime market. And they are not going to be set based on what we see today in terms of whether we are or not in a recession and what that may or may not have. They are going to be set more in line with what we see closer to execution. And those scenarios have a large continuum of different possibilities in terms of whether it's secured or unsecured, whether it's done at different credit levels, but it's going to have lot to do with what the absolute cost of capital is at that point in time, as well as the relative cost of capital and different kinds of structures. All of that, we look at everyday, but to give you a stake in a ground today when... it's changed over the last couple of months and it will change over the upcoming months as well, that will be difficult to say. So, right now our plan is the same as what it was when we started down the path, recognizing that we have to keep abreast of what's going on in the market.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Let me just follow-up on one point, are you saying that regardless of what the markets would be like in the third quarter, is that the timing that... are you still remaining committed to the investment grade rating at Corp., current Corp's entity?
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Okay. And maybe you can just help us, when you had looked at the spin, could you, kind of, elaborate, I know, you said you were contemplating unsecured financing, but did you have any rough assumptions on cost of financing that would make the transaction attractive.
Michele Lopiccolo - Vice President, Investor Relations: And, Carrie, I am going to jump in real quick, after this we need to be able to move on to the next caller.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: That's fine.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Carrie, I'm not going to give you an absolute number, because again, it's going to have a lot to do with a relative cost of financing across the board, different times, different credit rating levels, et cetera, in terms of the sizing and the cost and the way we structure it, just because at that point in time looking at the difference between financing at Entergy and financing at SpinCo or financing at them combined is all going to go into the play as to how we execute on it.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Thank you.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Carrie.
Operator: We'll go next to Ashar Khan with SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Most of my questions have been answered. But I just wanted to check, Leo... if I am right, we have about $700 million of cash on the balance sheet at the end of the year. So, I am just trying to understand, we have enough cash to basically do this buyback, based just on cash on hand, and I guess cash flow to come in through the year, right? There is no draw down from the... expected in the first quarter, anything, from the cash balance at the end of the year, am I correct?
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I guess, what I would say Ashar is that we have the capability to execute on, or we wouldn't propose that we could.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the consolidated balance sheet has $1.2 billion of the cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: At the end of the year, okay. That's what I... okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. We'll go to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Yes. Quick question on the Texas rate case, can you provide the milestones in terms of things like staff testimony, and what you see is the key risk in a Texas rate case?
Richard Smith - President and Chief Operating Officer: Right now we are in the discovery phase, where we have receiving, since we filed in September, request for information. That will start and end here, basically with... in February, we'll get testimony from our folks and objections, and then we will reply to those, intervener testimonies are due in April. May is our rebuttal and then reply to objections in hearings, starting basically in the May timeframe with initial briefs and we will provide briefs coming in through the end of June with the decision coming in July.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. And in terms of any preliminary feedback that you've gotten from staff?
Richard Smith - President and Chief Operating Officer: Since we are... in the case of ex parte and not really any kind of feedback from the staff. But I would say if you look at to the decisions that have been made that Wayne referred to, is decision where the staff has come out and reviewed an objection to the JSD, where they have felt that our position was correct. If you look at the decisions that the commission has made in discussions last week, as regard to our storm, or this week with our storm costs with Umberto. And finding that I think our cost seem very, very reasonable, as a matter of fact 25% less, than what you would see for a category one storm. If you see at what the commission has done as far as hearings to the objections that wanted to push our rate recovery from this case out in excess of 180 days and brought that back to December, I think you would see that the indications, along with the fuel reconciliation, that... there is a tone, I think, a balance and a tone of looking at what the costs really are. And I think this commission appears in the past several months truly the imbalance in the decisions that we're seeing. So, I mean, I think we feel like we will get a balanced hearing as we go through these proceedings.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you guys.
J. Wayne Leonard - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michael.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Michele Lopiccolo for any additional or closing remarks.
Michele Lopiccolo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you operator, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call is recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 8984015. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-31 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo - VP of IR   Wayne Leonard - CEO   Leo Denault - CFO   Gary Taylor - Group President, Utility Operations   Mike Kansler - President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Entergy Nuclear 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse   John Kiani - Deutsche Bank   Greg Gordon - Citigroup   Steve Wiseman - Catapult Partners   Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley   Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs   Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch   Andy Levy - Brencourt Advisors   Ashar Khan - SAC Capital   Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management.   Jim Ferguson - AIG   Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment   Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded.  Now at this time for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo. Please go ahead. 
Michele Lopiccolo: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We will begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. And then efforts to accommodate everyone with questions this morning, we request that each person has no more than two questions. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne? 
Wayne Leonard: Good morning. This quarter, I am pleased to report progress on many fronts, including the actions from key strategic initiative and advancements of our financial exploration. That being said, certainly some things could have and should have gone better. For those things that didn't go so well, our focus is fixing on why we can't, enabling going forward.  Starting with the utility, we resolved storm related matters in three of the four affected utility jurisdictions. We have received securitization bonds proceeds that were approximately $370 million for Entergy Mississippi and Entergy Gulf States Texas. And in May, we achieved what many ones considered a most unlikely, but happy outcome.  Entergy New Orleans emerged Chapter 11 bankruptcy pursuant for a full compensation reorganization plan. Tomorrow we expect the Louisiana Public Service Commission to take action on its agenda item for storm related matters currently with Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States for Louisiana.  Last week the administrative laws judge in the case recommended the approval of two stipulations. The first quantify the balance of storm restoration cost for recovery and establishing reserves for future storms and the second providing for securitization.  One other noteworthy point for Louisiana storm recovery relates to the alternative securitization legislation that became a law in June. This legislation authorized the establishment of a non-profit corporation to issue it its minister the storm securitization and balance, creating potential tax benefits. This should reduce the ultimate cost for customers.  Assuming Louisiana Public Service Commission had promised an agenda item tomorrow. We anticipation securitization proceeds could be received in the fourth quarter resolving regulatory cost recovery issues for the 2005 storm season. And other utility regulatory matters, we would just made by the Arkansas Public Service Commission ruling on Entergy Arkansas rate case.  Well, there was some positive like to retention of the ECR rider for fuel and purchase power cost recovery and approval of projection cost adjustments or PCA rider for recovery of systems agreement less production cost equalization payments, most other actions were generally negative. Particularly troubling, the retroactive rate making findings associated with refurbishing and turning and for prudent storm restoration costs reflected in the storm reserve. Sunset provisions on the ECR and PCA Riders, rejection of a proposed capacity rider, disallowance of market based compensations, adoption of a 9.9% ROE one of the lowest in the country, adoptions at a hypothetical cap structure that include lower equity levels then our actual investment in the business and in position on Entergy Arkansas of an annual earnings review process yet to be designed.  From the telling of the hearing, we were concerned about aspects of the case was a commission as the expert body generally ask this questions likes that in the ROE. But we were surprised by the number of issues that were not evident on the record in the case and found their way into the final order. But you get the idea, established a low ROE, limited equity depress the real number even lower, and disallow cost, so there is no realistic opportunity to earn anything close to a fair return.  Entergy Arkansas has since filed for the hearing. And hence the hearing request Entergy Arkansas addresses multiple instances in which it believes commission actions are arbitrary without either precedent or evidenced in the case or otherwise on law full including clear instances that preemptive federal law. If APSC does not rule in 30 days, Entergy Arkansas request fully hearing is being denied. This order is decidedly unlike, but you would expect the Arkansas.  For years Arkansas has been characterized by constructive, even handed, objective regulation. Unfortunately the FERC System agreement decision to establish parameters for less production cost equalization has created a regulatory environment in Arkansas that makes it hard to be overly optimistic that we will be successful at obtaining an objectively hearing.  In the event, we are unsuccessful on the hearing, we would seek an appeal to the State Court. We will certainly attend a challenge that reasonableness of the multitude decisions that led to an order without a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return.  We will be equally if not more aggressive and our efforts preserve our rights the due process under the law. Our consoled frustration with the system agreements payments is understandable, but that does not make it our fault. You know within the law to take it out on Entergy simply because we are the only party available for them to do so.  Regarding annual formula rate plan filings and Mississippi Public Service Commission approved to $10.5 million rate increase from its Entergy Mississippi, and final orders were expected in October for annually filings data Louisiana.  Entergy Louisiana formula rate filing indicates the 7.6% earned return on equity. Despite the fact that this ROE is well below the bottom of the FRP bandwidth Entergy Louisiana's filing called for an overall rate reduction of approximately $7 million. The reduction is driven primarily by elimination of the interim stock storm recovery and reduction of the annual storm reserve accruals both expected to be securitizing full.  Likewise, we expect the rate reduction of approximately $23 million for the same reasons at Entergy Gulf States for Louisiana, which earned a 10% return on equity and we will file the long overdue rate case for Entergy Gulf States Texas, by the end of the third quarter. We expect filing no share with substantial revenue deficiency as base rates have not been increased in over 16 years.  As a final point we are also on track implement jurisdictional separation for Entergy Gulf States by year-end having received some of the necessary approvals from port.  At Entergy Nuclear, things didn't go perfectly either. This quarter we not only had more planned outage than the last year, but also more unexpected outages and are acceptable under the Entergy's standard of performance. We have two high end refueling outages at Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee, compared to one at Indian point last year resulting in an 82% capacity factor over the second quarter of this year.  As you all know, refueling outages are inevitable, is simply a matter of timing. That's one of the reasons, why we don't get too excited one way or the other about quarter-on-quarter comparisons in nuclear. But every hour counts whether it's during the refueling or whether it's been an unplanned outage. We are aggressively focusing on the root cause of the unplanned outages.  We are recently experienced to eliminate them going forward. Some of which were outside the plant itself like the expanded transformer related outage in Indian Point 3. That one of them resulted in approximately $32 million in lost revenue and replaced the power, plus another $17 million to replace the transformer for which we expect the recovery just under $12 million through insurance.  I would note on that outage there was some opportunity to mitigate the financial effect by starting to gain its backup earlier using the other transformer the plants and running at a lower capacity factor. We did not attempt to do that because it was not consistent with the Entergy Nuclear Standards for safety, redundancy, reliability and risk management. As we've said and demonstrated many times, there are things more important than simply short-term profits.  On a more positive note, I'm very pleased to report that (inaudible) completed Entergy's second in the last year break for the record continuous run for 548 days, an even more noteworthy accomplishment considering the 20% power upgrade implementation course. Previously ANO Unit 2 completed that record run last September.  Our license extension program received its final safety evaluation report and environmental impact statement from the ARC and the ARC accepted has complete. The ending point applications for license renewal for another 20 years.  Turning to key strategic initiatives, we realized progress on portfolio transformation initiatives on three parts. Entergy Louisiana completed updated cost settlements for Little Gypsy repowering project with the Shell Group, the project EPC contractor, and maybe it's regulatory filing with the Louisiana Public Service Commission seeking after dates to begin the project.  The filing seeks approval in two steps. Step one, request a ruling at the November commission meeting enabling Entergy Louisiana to initiate vital equipment, long lead orders before final project certification to occur next year. And to certify $225 million for this phase borrowing on improved findings, Entergy Louisiana also seeks contemporaneous recovery of cash earning fund clear, starting no later than July or next year.  Step two, six final authorizations by June of next year for the project including certification, as it amounts to complete the project at accretive term and agreed level of costs against volume and imprudent finding. And secondly preapproval of the process by which Little Gypsy will be reflected in cost of service simultaneously with the plants in service date.  Step two, also seeks the approval for monitoring plants, including quarterly reporting within continuing update of the company's assessment and the economic fundamentals of the project, the process would require the LPSC staff to concur or provide an exception on the quarterly report within 30 days. The updated cost estimates will approximate as $1.55 billion or $2875 per KW.  Approval of current recovery of the financing costs with cash is expected to produce the capital amount, when the plant goes online for $2,453 per KW. This request has been characterized by some as an attempt to eliminate all risks go pass undue risks to customer. As you know, we would not do that. Instead the regulatory plans simply formalizes on the front, what is the law? The regulatory margin consistent with allowed and not limited return, per state reform what you've should have known and when made in for the financial integrity of the business and avoiding regulatory lags and impairs the financial integrity or the opportunity to earn a fair return.  While the detailed constructing cost estimate increased from the original engineering estimate submitted for the long-term RSP in May 2006 due to escalation, price and volume of commodities or it just will remains the most economically attractive summer II option for Entergy for Louisiana to pursue, with substantial segment expected for customers over the life of stabilizing fuel prices and reducing the price volatility of customer bill.  Another late breaking announcement, earlier this morning actually, was about 50 minutes ago. Entergy Arkansas concluded negotiations with Cogentrix to acquire the Ouachita power facility. Since we don't have a relief on that for those of you who writing that down I will spell it. Ouachita is spelled, Ouachita, say that three times back.  Upon closing, the company plans to invest approximately $75 million and upgrade and related cost associated with acquisitions bringing the total capital cost to project to approximately $285 million or $361 for KW.  Entergy Arkansas expects to sell approximately one-third of the plant software to Entergy Gulf States on a long term basis under a separate agreement. This 789 megawatt combined-cycle gas-fired generation facility began operation in 2002, located near Monroe Louisiana. This facility is well suited, low travel, providing flexible capability to meet time varying demands with customers. For number of reasons, you might ask the question why Entergy Arkansas is the owner. Simply because the system needs this type of resource and enter the Entergy Arkansas portfolio lack this type of low filing capacity.  In fact Entergy Arkansas demonstrated earlier this year for its capacity need docket before the Arkansas Public Service Commission that it has a lead to acquire load filing capacity and the Ouachita facility located in North Louisiana meets that need.  Like other acquisition the Entergy Arkansas may terminates the transaction in its sole and absolute disgust, if any regulatory approval or cost recovery is denied or is approved on terms that are not satisfactory.  Finally in another action this morning, Entergy and GE-Hitachi Nuclear Energy jointly announced the signing of a new nuclear project development agreement. That includes the procurement of major advanced reactor components. While we have not yet made a decision to build a new nuclear unit, we remained committed to a sound tiny process for the future energy needs of our customers while protecting the environment around us.  Proceeding with this order now, we will ensure timely delivery as scheduled, critical cards, reserving Entergy option to build a new nuclear unit. All the terms are confidential, the up fronts and other provision are intended to limit the company's financial exposure to not more than $15 million, even if we decide not to proceed with the new plant in this timeframe.  Turning to another initiative that many of you have been carefully following, yesterday we initiated our filings seeking NRC approval by year end for the indirect transfer controlled licensees for our non-utility nuclear fleet. This is intended to simplify and centralize the ownership structure for this business. This actually is not expected result in changes in the license operator personnel or day-to-day operations utility.  If prudent, this action would permit Entergy Nuclear to pursue a self sufficient financing structure like that in place for our utility operating unit. With new debt financing above to $5.5 billion at this business and while the potential financing is the current focus a streamline structure with standalone financial capability naturally figure out with additional alternatives, such as the joint venture of splits, cars, spin or other structural transactions maybe forthcoming in the future. That being said, let me emphasize that no decision on the very long list of possibilities have been made.  We continue to explore alternatives that could maximize value for our stakeholders. We won't take actions to pursue any of these structures unless and until I mean it's in the best interest of our stakeholders to do so. There has to be real tangible value creation. We have established certain principles to guide our decision in making process. We believe it's critical to maintain the core nuclear expertise that creates a competitive advantage. And we are committed to safety and security above all else on nuclear operations, and to ongoing operational excellence for all of the plants in the Entergy fleet.  Consequently in any scenario, we see Entergy employees continuing the role as natural operators by nuclear facilities. We also don't see an outright sale of the non-utility nuclear assets as even viable alternative at this time. Now that there wouldn't be a number of interested parties. It simply doesn't meet the guiding principles, and it is extraordinarily inefficient from the tax prospective. We remain on track to reach the conclusion on financing if, when, how and how much later this year.  Let me now turn to the actions taken by the Board on the dividend. Yesterday evening, the Board approved along weighted increase in the dividend the first one since October 2004. Specifically the Board increased the quarterly dividend to $0.75 per share commencing with the quarterly dividend payment due September 1. As you are well aware, we report this increase Entergy dividend yield was around 2% and the payout ratio around 40% both ranking in the bottom quartile relative to peers in the Philadelphia Utility Index with the median dividend yield of 3.3% and the median payout of roughly 53%.  With earnings growth from our non-utility nuclear business and sufficient financial flexibility and liquidity demonstrated in our financial outlook, the Board included it was appropriate to reevaluate the dividend level at this time. To move incrementally towards achieve the Board's revised target payout financial aspirations. As in the past, the dividend recommendation was subject to rigorous stress testing to ensure the increased dividend is sustainable in a wide range of scenario.  Before I close, I would like to take this opportunity to provide you to something else long over due, and the Entergy Analyst Conference to be held next frame on Friday, April 25th coincident with what many believe is the premier (inaudible). The first weekend of the Jazz and Heritage Festival.  Since Jazz Heritage is the most highly attended event in New Orleans outside Mardi Gras, we will communicate early and often with you beginning in August about logistics for the conference and we will encourage you to make the arrangements well in advance to ensure adequate flight selections to travel.  Now I will turn the call over to Leo. 
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover quarterly results followed by cash flow performance, and update on our share repurchase activity, a recap of our '07 earnings guidance, and a review of liquidity going forward. I will close with some brief comments on our financial aspiration.  Looking first at our financial results for the quarter, slide 2 shows that second quarter '07 as reported earnings essentially equaled earnings one year ago. Operational earnings reflect improvement in the current period rising 8% compared to the second quarter of '06. The increase in operational earnings came from higher results at Entergy Nuclear and the Non-Nuclear Wholesale business partially offset by lower results at utility, parent and other.  Slide 3 presents the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter results at Entergy Nuclear. Increased revenue from higher pricing and the addition of power fails were the major drivers, which scheduled refueling outages with (inaudible) program along with an unplanned outage nearly at point three partially offset this revenue increase.  Entergy Nuclear operation and maintenance expenses largely unchanged other than the effect of having power outages as part of the portfolio of this quarter.  At the non-nuclear wholesale business, results in the current quarter were higher compared to the same quarter last year due to lower income tax expense. As this is the case for each of our businesses, we periodically record tax reserves in accordance with 1048 for potential items that could increase our tax exempt spending state in federal audit review. As issues are settled, either increased expense ratios results constitute to a position where in this quarter reduced previously recorded reserves for favorable outcome.  A utility planned in other earnings were lower in the current quarter compared to results for the second quarter of last year. The key factor is that contributed to the decrease were higher operational and maintenance expense, higher income tax expense and higher interest from financing cost associated with storm spending share repurchases and the acquisition of Palisades.  The increase in O&M spending this quarter was driven by several factors. We continued to see increases in areas we expected, such as expansion associated with activities that have been resumed normal pre-storm level, other expense increases reflect -- incremental expenses related to the plan outages in the scope of works covered in those outages.  The spending number transmission and distribution activities compared to second quarter of last year reflects more attentions to long-term maintenance such as legislation management. We budgeted these additional costs and expect to see increases with our work crews returning their focus to normal activities versus last year. Incremental O&M this quarter came from the expenses of an unplanned outage of our River Bend Nuclear plant. In addition, we incurred some expenses associated with work within our copper field.  We continue to see a downturn in O&M spending later in '07 compared to the second half pattern of '06, which we believe will move us closer to the full year expectation. With regard to sales growth this quarter, the increase of 1.6% reflects relatively stable growth rate we expected for full year of '07.  One last component of utility operational earnings that are being mentioned is Entergy New Orleans with the emergence of Entergy New Orleans from chapter 11 bankruptcy during the second quarter. We are once again including net company's results in operational earning. As you go through our full release you will note that we have recap of key financial indicator and operational statistics to again reflect this company as part of Entergy utility business detail.  Slide 4, includes the recap of our cash flow performance this quarter. The decrease in cash flow during the current period reflects the mix of pluses and minus. On the plus side, we have received CDBG funding as Entergy New Orleans reduced our non-capital storm spending in the quarter and realize the cash benefits of higher net revenues in Entergy Nuclear. However all of these positive contributors to cash were more than offset by two items, higher income tax payments spread among the various Entergy companies, particularly Nuclear, and reduced collection with deferred fuel cost.  Slide 5, reflects progress during the quarter on our share repurchase program and shares that we have repurchased $2.3 million shares in the second quarter. Approximately 65% of the repurchases came through our $1.5 billion program leaving with us approximately $820 million the facility remaining at the end of the second quarter. We continue to see our '07 has reported in operational earnings guidance in the range of 540 to 570 per share.  Slide 6, includes the components of guidance with details that should be familiar to you. As we have reviewed the first half of '07, many of the items coming through our results are in line with our original projection are use of the range per earnings guidance assumed that there will be a combination of pluses and minuses with flow to actual result. This quarter again includes such a mix with unplanned outages and additional O&M with minuses well Entergy New Orleans earning stable tax audit and accretion per share. Considering all of these factors, we continue to believe that our current guidance range is appropriate.  Looking back to slide 5 for a moment, you will see our current estimate of cash available. After factoring in the increase in the dividend announced today as well as portfolio transformation initiatives, we still see $500 million of cash available for the '07 to '09 period.  We always consider the dividend increase is one of the potential uses of our cash available. We are confident that we can fund the increasing dividend and retain a very solid liquidity position. Our goal has been to ensure that we retain a high degree of financial flexibility and that goal remains unchanged.  In addition, we continue to pursue other opportunities to further enhance our financial flexibility. We are very close to completing our efforts to restructure our corporate lines of credit. The two existing corporate revolvers totaling $3.5 billion will be replaced with a new five year credit facility of equal amount.  In addition, we expect to put into place new bank lines of credit Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States each of $200 million. We had no credit facility in place at Entergy Louisiana and only a $50 million line of credit at Entergy Gulf State. With these new facilities create significant liquidity for us.  Also, as Wayne mentioned earlier, our filing with the NRC to simplify the structured Entergy Nuclear could facilitate new stand-alone financing for that business of up to $5.5 billion. I do not want to get too far ahead of ourselves on this initiative, but I can offer some insight as towards some of the products. The first step, get on pre-approval that we can opt to feed it efficiently until we have that in hand. However, we are doing statutory work as we await the NRC decision.  We continue to analyze the appropriate level of financing for this business. We have also engaged an outside accounting firm to audit the financial statements of the nuclear business. I want to emphasize that the $5.5 billion noted in the NRC filing is the top end number and maybe more than we ultimately feel is appropriate for a variety of reasons including cost, credit quality and overall business needs.  As we look ahead, we continue to concentrate on opportunities on whether can support our aspirations and those aspirations remain impact. The Utility remains focused on customer service reliability at the lowest cost factor, and to that end including Ouachita. We have added 2300 megawatts of high quality generation in an average cost of less than $275 of KW. We have advanced the Little Gypsy repowering project and final agreement with GE's Hitachi to maintain the new nuclear office.  At the Non-Utility Nuclear business, we continue to be focus on providing safe, reliable and secured power for customers, and to that end we have closed the Palisades acquisition this quarter, pursued market opportunities, which create and enhance portfolio values, rolled out our free line of plan, and initiated our plan to enhance risk management and optionality through the NRC filing announced today.  Each of these efforts, share the common goal of producing value for our customers, while enhancing your investment and interest. Your investment has been entrusted to us with the expectation that we will grow it and then distribute that growth to you. The dividend action announced today was still short of our ultimate goal reflects our commitment to distribute value of goods throughout that you investment.  We must preserve the capability to attract capital in the future as it enables us to invest in our business to meet our customer's need. Therefore we give dividend growth and share repurchases, as an element of continued process, the benefits all of our stakeholders.  In closing, I can tell you that we are motivated by the success we have achieved to-date and our motivation is fueled by the opportunities that lay ahead. And now our senior team is available for your questions. 
Operator: Thank you very much. (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. On the dividend increase, guys congratulations on moving that up, but where you are now still a little behind of that appear you are been in Asia do you want to move grow it at top quartile type of levels. Is that mean plus 5% could be higher to keep pace with EPS growth or you just kind of grow it top quartile and what that relative yield to mineral to payout ratio, continue to be a bit low kind of a group average? 
Leo Denault: Dan, this is Leo. Obviously the earnings growth that we have going forward is, could be crisper than 5%. The ultimate goal is to hit the target payout ratio with 60% over time. So that's really the end game that were going after and now and the 5% is really the price holder on average over a long period of time. 5% dividend growth is top quartile. So at some point we might get a little bit, I guess earnings growth in the near term being greater than that would probably precipitate something more than 5% move to the near term. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you for clarifying that. And then on the obviously the nuclear recapitalization process I understand that is really, but can you just give us a feel for your philosophical thoughts between investment grade versus a high yield type of credit rating for that business and the need for financing over an ongoing basis and the flexibility that would come from investment grade versus high yield. 
Leo Denault: I guess you started that, Dan with the good point it's early that's a kind of thing that we continue to investigate and look at first and foremost what size, when and what credit rating we would want to achieve at the nuclear business as well as what impact that would have on the parent company and what impacts the parent company relating as on the nuclear business. So all of that is what we are in the process of investigating right now and certainly the market cost. The need for the business. The need for the other business that we have the parent well they take where we go. So, it's too early to tell one way or the other.  Certainly, investment grade has some advantages as it relates to kind of pretty clear collateral issues in the light, but those can be managed around our focus, because right now if you think about that is a merchant businesses it would be one of the only merchant businesses that is an investment grade credit to begin with. So all of those things have to go into the consideration where we ultimately end up.  Yeah Dan this way; I mean just as follow up on that, your two questions with regard to the 60% payout, the credit rating up and restructuring the nuclear business. And those are probably at the Board meeting last week, I would say that on those two topics were the most active in terms of the discussion with the Board. So it's something I think your focus on those, are the right things because its only focused of our Board of Directors and what the best answer is -- 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. And we will now hear our next question from John Kiani with Deutsche Bank. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. 
Wayne Leonard: Hey John. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Can you provide a little bit more color on the year-over-year increase at non-nuclear wholesale please? 
Wayne Leonard: John, the non-nuclear wholesale year-over-year increase is primarily due to lower income taxes if the resolution of commodity issues from the 2002, 2003 audit we had some positions that we got a favorable revenue agent reports. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Great. And then on the potential leverage recap option, understanding that you do have multiple strategic options and that it is still somewhat early. Has the cost of borrowing in the high yield market changed your view at all? I know you said that is pretty early on and you have lot of different directions you can go in. But can you give you a little color for how that might influence the decision? 
Wayne Leonard: Well obviously there has been a lot going on in the last month or so in the high yield market. Certainly we looked to go on in the mortgage business, and the housing market and descriptive change with lot more volatility in rates all of that's going to be part of the decision we make. Certainly, we are always away from taking actions. So, thing should settle down between now and then but it's something that we are certainly watching and you would anticipate that the cost capital at this moment has gone up anyway. Given what's happened in the markets with backlog of what's going on in the high yield market, I think there is $270 billion of high yield debt kind and about on the calendar right now but as that shakes out we will continue to watch the market and see where the things go and certainly that will be part of the decision making process. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: It sounds like time is on your side and that because this is a little bit of a lengthy or strategic decision making process, and also with the NRC review that perhaps by that time, if you are through some of that, that's still a viable option, if the cost is more reasonable? 
Wayne Leonard: That's correct. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll move to Greg Gordon with Citi. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Good morning gentlemen. 
Wayne Leonard: Good morning Greg. 
Leo Denault: Hi Greg 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: With the market acting in the way it is we really appreciate the dividend increase. The earnings growth outlook that you guys have articulated over the last several months, since basically November last year, obviously things have evolved both in the power and capacity markets as well as on the regulatory front.  Is there anything that would cause us to have concern that you could meet your 2010 earnings growth aspiration at this point, where you are meaningfully off track on the plan you laid out? Then on the flip side, is there anything, where you feel encouraged by being let's say, ahead of your sort of notional plan versus that bat earnings for the aspiration? 
Leo Denault: He will point to me, I'm point at him. I think, Greg, I think that since we laid that out on the non-utility front certainly I think little bit more bullish probably the most of the aspects of that and maybe where even, we are at that point in time, and whether its carbon prices responds to plants and capacity payments or just about anything.  In the operation of our plants again we've had a little blithe this quarter that we feel very good about where we headed there. We have the Arkansas issue to deal with, that it's not a huge issue relative to our growth aspirations. But that's finding the most disappointing thing is occurred in the last year since we articulate that, but I would say we are probably as bullish or more so then we were at that time. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you. And then I apologize, if you answered this question already. When we look at the $5.5 billion sort of maximum financing that you filed with the NRC, you think about little over $2 billion of debt that you have Entergy Corp. Should we be thinking about, you first sort of displeasing and/or replacing the entirety of that debt before you would add new leverage at this nuclear company? Because buyback is, only a $1 billion of that debt is sort of directly allocable to the nuclear business at this point. So is it actually a lower number or can you talk a little bit about how we think about the overall corporate debt? 
Leo Denault: Greg, at this time I think that's a safe assumption that the new financing and new evolver that we might put in place for that nuclear company were first offset existing corporate level there and then we just start over in terms of what the corporate financial structure looks like in terms of the evolver capacity experience and how we use that. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: So the entire $2.2 billion would be sort of first be placed? 
Leo Denault: Yes. I think that's a safe assumption your going in assumption obviously all of that is what we're looking at right now in terms of the level and timing and what we might do and how might be structured. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we will hear from Steve [Wiseman] with Catapult Partners. 
Steve Wiseman - Catapult Partners: Hi, guys. 
Wayne Leonard: Hi, Steve. 
Steve Wiseman - Catapult Partners: Can you hear me? Couple questions first on the guidance for this year, could you clarify I think you say that New Orleans is now in the guidance, is the share repurchases now in the guidance or not, and is this tax audit benefit in the guidance or not. Could you just still show a loss at non-nuclear? 
Leo Denault: Yeah, Steve, if you look at the guidance table that we put out, it's the same guidance table that we started with. 
Steve Wiseman - Catapult Partners: Right. 
Leo Denault: When we put the range out obviously we have a view that things that we got and they are going to go right and some of them can go wrong, new things are going to show up on both sides. So as we review that every quarter what we are really looking at, is on balance we still in the range and we are.  As far as New Orleans, New Orleans was not in the guidance when we put that out, in other words the share repurchase that works something in our estimates for the audit issue is actually wasn't in the non-nuclear wholesale business we shown up in our numbers impairment in audit. So would have been utility impairment in other side.  But so that's kind of on balance between the things that have gone are it was a little bit smaller than what had actually turned out. So on balance we still feel served in the range and so we have actually gone through in line-by-line change those range including the share repurchase including New Orleans including the audit issues some of which arent some of which won't. But also within the house the outage is in the 0.3 and there an unplanned outage. As Wayne did mention it has been a little bit higher than we expected. So all of those things on balanced we still see ourselves in the range. 
Steve Wiseman - Catapult Partners: Okay. And my other question is on the NRC filing and timing I think by this time I saw you talked about it, typically being maybe like a six month process, but not sure have you gone any clarity from the NRC on how long it would take for them to review this? 
Leo Denault: No, we were haven't got anything. We still think that is something that could be done within six months timeframe generally it will be after then how quickly they move other resources are spread in the light, but that still seems like the way timeframe for us. 
Steve Wiseman - Catapult Partners: Thank you. 
Leo Denault: Thanks, Steve. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to Rudy Tolentino with Morgan Stanley. 
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Hi, can you and just refresh me on what your plans are for your non-nuclear wholesale assets. I know in the past you talked about selling it. Kind clear us stories that you may or may not be selling it. Can you just kind of give me an update? 
Wayne Leonard: Yeah really that state is pretty much exactly like it's been for quite sometime. We keep trying to get as much as value out of those assets as we can. In some instances that's gone through responding to our fees like the ones that's introduced to other people are selling power into the market, whoever selling pieces of those plants are all of them, all those things is still on the table.  We still aggressively perusing them all and try to come up with the best value we can. So things, really hasn't changed. We would probably like to find the way to monetize that as best we can, but we are not going to do, if the value is not there. 
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And can you just give a quick update on the ERCOT integration of Entergy Gulf State's in Texas? 
Wayne Leonard: I ask Gary Taylor, who is the new head of our Utility Operation as you recall Rick Smith is moved over as President of the Company and Gary now is over the utility, Gary? 
Gary Taylor: Hi, good morning. As when house fuel systems 67 was put out, one of the things that required us to do is to file such to define qualified power regions that would determine, be able to move to retail open access. We did that filing in the December of 2006, and those hearings had been ongoing. Hearing basically concluded last week with the two days set of hearing that basically allows for free options in our plan that we proposed.  One of those options would be in all cases going to ERCOT by the Entergy plan; one, we would just add the ability to address our reliability. The second would allow us to also add an economy component, which will allow us to bring power in from the ERCOT region.  And then there was two variations that the commission was interested in that. Has we have gone through that hearing now they had set the timeframe with the ALJ for brief, which will then begin at the end of August and we will ask for five, which are in the middle to end of September, and we would expect to have a decision. The commission has said they do intend to rule on the plan. Our preference would be to go to ERCOT, and we would expect to have that ruling sometime in the October timeframe. 
Rudy Tolentino - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks for the update. 
Operator: Thank you. And now we'll move to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys, congratulation. It's so nice to have an Entergy conference call or storm cost recovery isn't the first half that got everyone's mouth. Easy question on the non-regulated nuclear side, can you talk a little bit about when your specific Northeast assets might have exposure to capacity market auction? I know it's good ways off, but just curious? 
Wayne Leonard: Well, in the power capacity markets in nuclear the auctions process is already beginning and so, we should start to see the value of the auction prices after I think its 2010 when those will be bid for. As it stands today, we get that ramp up in the capacity payments. We start talking about $3.05 per kilowatt month and moved its way up to $4.10 by the time it's get to the end and the middle of 2010 before that the auction values go in place.  So, we already start to see the outcome of that as they proceed through that process to get the auctions put in place in nuclear. In terms of New York, I think it's going to be a function more of just the market participants until there are some change that gets us an actual functioning markets similar to something that's going on in nuclear. And certainly if they look at those zones and they create a new zone pricing zone around where endpoint that could be favorable outcome for us as well. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Are your specific assets and I am thinking your nuclear assets primarily. Are they actually eligible when the auctions formally start at the administrative structuring to receive whatever the auction prices or they still largely contracted at a price well below the auction level? 
Wayne Leonard: No they will be available to get those if you look at here where my effective capacity would be available for that prior to the unwind way the contract-to-contract of the existing plan we can roll off I think in 2012 and then program would be subject to the capacity payments as well. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Wayne Leonard: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Moving on we'll hear from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Hi good morning. 
Wayne Leonard: Good morning Jonathan. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: The question regarding your current view on hedging in the nuclear business and how we should think about that in terms of the decisions you are making around financing as if all the scenarios where you could end up prompting for a less hedged forth structure or is your core expectation we continue to hedge quite a long way forward? 
Wayne Leonard: Jonathan the correct expectation I guess we were operating right now as we are hedging forward including we are risk when it says we have outlined them. As we go forward with financing potentially at that entity. And then any other strategic moves that we makes that's part of the picture whether hedging does or doesn't enhance financing. And if there is a change in the credit rating thus hedging forward enhance the value of the company that which profile giving the collateral needs that might you required if you was more on a high yield side and the investment grade side.  So, all of that is something that we will view in the context of the financing and where we go with that. So, it's a little too early to tell it will that change. But right now we continue to do it on the same basis as we do now that supports are given in policies supports the capital structure of the company and our aspiration there and supports the credit rating of entity core. So I guess the short answer is as we look at the options there, if we got the possibility to change within hours they can with what we have done. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And I got one other thing which is on the, you mentioned in the disclosure on average realized price in the nuclear business that this now excludes the or the below market PPI amortization relates to its power saves is that something you could quantify roughly how much that was in the quarter. We should be thinking about the, remind us how we should think about the profile going forward. 
Wayne Leonard: I guess I don't have on top of my head what it was in the quarter. I think for the year it's about a $0.11. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: And it would be reasonable to assume that it was, it occur like through the first, the second, third and fourth quarters relatively? 
Wayne Leonard: Pretty much, yes. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you 
Operator: Thank you. Moving on, we will now hear from [Andy Levy] with Brencourt Advisors. 
Andy Levy - Brencourt Advisors: I am answered. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And now we will hear from Ashar Khan with SAC Capital. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning congrats. Leo, how can we, I wanted to go back to Greg's question what could the sources and uses of the $5.5 billion. I think we know the source, which is coming from, but what could be the uses of the $5.5 billion? 
Leo Denault: There is a negative uses for the $5.5 billion and we would look at the proceeds the same way we look at our capital deployment decisions. There is some debts at parallel level that as I mentioned we would evaluate as well and that we defeated its firm or all of that.  There is also certainly the idea put investment in either the utilities on the parent or in the nuclear business, if there was some kind of acquisition or transactions that we look at there or we would look at the potential for share repurchases dividend increases, and the like given that it's a, it would be a one time financing it's more of a share repurchase type of option than dividend option. But all of that could be under consideration when we ultimately decline how much we're going to finance. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Since I wish to go as you said there is about 2 billion of debt if you would just take debt and share buybacks the maximum share buyback could be about $3.5 billion. If you only use the proceeds for debt and share buyback is that a fair point? 
Leo Denault: It's a fair point in terms of math, what we would have to look at is the credit rating and the cap structure and the like of the parent company. So, it's a little early to tell. We show exactly how we would do it, but 5.5 is really the stake we got out there at least initially goes as far as we go. And then use of proceed is something that we are going to look at. It's going to taking the consideration the needs of the business, the credit rating of all the businesses, and then the capital deployment opportunities that we have at that time including investments that we've got coming down to pike in the utility or share repurchases et cetera. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And if I can just end up how did you decide the number to be 5.5, does that gets you investment grade are longer, what was the basis of the 5.5 number? 
Leo Denault: The 5.5 is a number that we put together in terms of a lot of analysis internally with some advisers around what we thought we could reasonably do out of the box. In terms of whether it is investment grade that's the discussion that we are going to have with the rating agencies. And I think, if you got any higher than that it would be safe to say that the problem wouldn't be out of the box, but this is something that hasn't been done before, and so we are approaching it like that. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Leo Denault: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And we'll now hear from Phyllis Gray with Dwight Asset Management. 
Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management.: Good morning. 
Wayne Leonard: Good morning. 
Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management.: Could you tell me if the formation of the nuclear business has any impact on the plants owned by Entergy Arkansas, Gulf States and Louisiana? 
Wayne Leonard: No. It doesn't. 
Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management.: And are any approvals other than the Nuclear Regulatory Commission required? 
Wayne Leonard: We would certainly had discussions with all of our regulatory bodies that are involved. We make filings most likely with New York Vermont as well going forward. Then since we have been evaluating if we would actually do the financing what kind of status we need with the FERC and whether we not, we need to make filing there as well.  So, we are in a process of going through and having discussions with all of those folks making filings where we think we need to, and then also looking at what other filings, we might have to make. 
Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management.: And with the filings in New York and Vermont are they because of the long-term power contracts with the utility companies in those States. 
Wayne Leonard: No. They are just filings that we need to make for the change in structure. 
Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management.: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Moving on, we'll now hear from Jim Ferguson with AIG. 
Jim Ferguson - AIG: My question was just answered. 
Operator: Thank you. And now we will move on to Reade Griffith with Polygon Investment. 
Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment: Thank you, I noticed the step up in the 2009 CapEx by about 300 million, is that bankruptcy primarily? 
Leo Denault: Could you repeat -- 
Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment: The 2009 CapEx guidance is higher by about 300 million versus first quarter earnings presentation, is that primarily due to bankruptcy? 
Leo Denault: It's really a combination of everything that we talked about today in terms of changing CapEx in the portfolio transformation arena. It will just got washed all the platform some dollars that when we talked about in terms of what we would put in our new nuclear even though not towards building a plant, but in the studying evaluation and preserve life there all of that embedded in those numbers now. 
Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment: Okay. And could you remind us here, either trailing four months or maybe four months ended December '06, your regulatory ROVs are rep base for Louisiana, Mississippi and Gulf states? 
Leo Denault: We have organic source in Gulf states, Louisiana portion entry for Louisiana others were FRP filings that we made in May and those are going to effect in September, Wayne talk to the Mississippi piece, which was filed in those into has already gone into effect in that period in May timeframe. And in Texas it's not under FRP type filing, but as Wayne has said in his opening comments we intent to file a suit case coming in the third quarter of '07. 
Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment: I guess is it fair to assume that generally speaking in Louisiana and Mississippi, first year allowed ROV every year because of the FRP mechanism? 
Leo Denault: That's a good assumption -- 
Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment: I'm sorry, you go ahead. 
Leo Denault: That's fine. 
Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment: Okay. So and I guess Louisiana is, I think turn the quarter allowed and Mississippi turn the half is and so ballpark that there is, you should be in and around those numbers currently speaking? 
Leo Denault: In and around Mississippi are little bit lower and if you looking at Entergy Louisiana probably in the 9.5 to 10 range. 
Reade Griffith - Polygon Investment: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one final question and that will come Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you. And can you remind me of the life extension program for non-regulated nuclear plants and did they all get their life extension yet, or are you still filing for this? 
Leo Denault: I led Mike Kansler, I may if you do know Mike, Mike is new President of all our Nuclear Operations, replace Gary. Mike? 
Mike Kansler: Okay. Good morning Daniel. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hi. 
Mike Kansler: We basically have the applications in for Vermont Yankee, Pilgrim, FitzPatrick and Indian Point to go for 20 year life extension for all those sights, we've received a final safe evaluation reports and our final environmental impact look forwards for Pilgrim.  We're expecting those to come from Vermont Yankee in month of August, those two plants will go to SAR hearings later in the year, once that done without any contention then we should get a life renewal for 20 years. FitzPatrick is few months behind us and we just had our application for our license renewal at the Indian Point excess by the NRC and that will go into better 25 to 35 months to process. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Great. And this are not yet reflected in your numbers they will all be I'm assuming by 2008, 2009? 
Wayne Leonard: Leo? 
Leo Denault: How are you doing? 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hello. I mean that the low level depreciations and the financial impact of this life extension is going to be reflected in your numbers by 2008, 2009? 
Leo Denault: No, we already 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: You already do? 
Leo Denault: Yes. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question and answer session today. Ms. Lopiccolo, I will turn the conference back over to you. 
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you, operator. And thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded, and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-4570-820, replay code 28017841.  This concludes our call. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-30 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo - VP, IR   Wayne Leonard - Chairman & CEO   Leo Denault - CFO & EVP   Gary Taylor - CEO, Entergy Nuclear   Rick Smith - Group President, Utility Operations   Mark Savoff - EVP, Operations 
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse   Greg Gordon - Citigroup   Andrew Levy - Brencourt   Ashar Khan - SAC Capital   Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch   Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded.  At this time for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo. Please go ahead. 
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you for joining us. We'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements.  Wayne? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Wayne Leonard: Good morning. In the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, we committed to restore the system in order to put customers back in service as if the storms had never hit. And for those of who you have capitalized this Company and provided the necessary liquidity, we likewise committed to do everything possible to put you back to where you expected to be on key measures like earnings, dividends, debt ratios, as if the storms had never hit also.  A year and a half later, I believe we have made substantial progress towards that end due to the efforts of our employees, and the collaborative efforts of too many to mention at the federal, state and local jurisdiction levels. This progress reflects recognition that Entergy's efforts in unprecedented storm conditions exceeded all expectations, and that constructive legislation and regulation will produce substantial savings and security for customers through the Utility's ongoing ability to attract capital at reasonable rates.  Today I with ill highlight recent storm-related and other accomplishments, then turn the focus to our goals for the future. In December, the Public Utility Commission of Texas unanimously approved a constructive settlement in the Entergy Gulf States Texas storm restoration cost recovery case. The settlement, like the Mississippi order we received last June, had no finding of imprudence. It authorized Entergy Gulf States Texas to seek securitization for $353 million, an amount net of anticipated insurance proceeds. Subsequently, we filed to obtain a financing order authorizing issuances of securities -- securitized debt. We expect to receive that order no later than March 8th.  In Louisiana, testimony was filed last Friday by the commission staff and interveners in the Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and the Entergy Louisiana storm restoration cost recovery case. As expected, the testimony reflects an advocacy position on behalf of customers. But at the same time, it does not rely upon the abrogation of investor rights to recovery of storm costs under the law. It's professionally drafted, and while we may not agree on questions raised, we are encouraged that the result in Louisiana will be as constructive as it has been in Mississippi, Texas and in New Orleans.  And finally, at Entergy New Orleans, emergence from bankruptcy appears clearly in sight. Last Thursday, the bankruptcy judge ruled on the disclosure statement, paving the way for solicitation of two competing plans of reorganization. Because Entergy New Orleans no longer has exclusivity to file a plan of reorganization, creditors will have the ability to vote on either our plan, or an alternative plan put forth by the unsecured creditor's committee.  In many respects, the two plans are similar. The primary difference is that the unsecured creditors seek exit financing in order to accelerate the timing of emergence. Entergy New Orleans believes its plan is superior, because it is in the best interest of all creditors and customers. It does not require exit financing which could be extremely expensive, resulting in a cost to customers for an unsecured party's gain. Instead, the Entergy New Orleans plan is conditioned on the receipt of $200 million in Community Development Block Grant funding awarded by the State of Louisiana, and $50 million from insurers.  Entergy New Orleans believes both of these conditions can be satisfied in a timely manner, consistent with its objective to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of June this year. The CDBG funding request is currently awaiting HUD approval, having received approval first from Governor Blanco, and then the Louisiana legislature. We expect to make sufficient progress in negotiations with insurers to obtain partial payment necessary to meet the stated condition over the next few months as well.  In other recent events on the regulatory front, earlier this month, the LPSC approved Entergy Gulf States plan to divide into two separate operating companies, one in Louisiana and one in Texas. Entergy Gulf States is targeting separation at the end of 2007, depending upon a number of factors including remaining approvals from the FERC and ERC.  This has been a long process. But the positive outcome will allow Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Texas to develop and implement individual business and resource plans that are consistent with local public policy direction, including potentially pursuing a retail open access in Texas. On this front, Entergy Gulf States Texas made its required transition to competition filing at the end of 2006, pursuant to the legislation that was passed in 2005.  In its plan, Entergy Gulf States Texas proposes to join ERCOT. That seems an obvious choice, but is not a simple overnight solution. While there are substantial benefits in ERCOT to potentially offset the roughly $1 billion investment to electrically connect our Texas business with ERCOT, there are important conditions that must be addressed in order for Entergy Gulf States Texas to move forward with implementing this plan, and avoid off-ramps that will halt implementation if the conditions cannot be met.  These conditions include, among others, completing jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, determining that interconnection to ERCOT does not cause FERC jurisdiction to apply to ERCOT's wholesale electricity and transmission markets, and obtaining acceptable timely cost recovery in order to ensure there is no impairment of Entergy Gulf States Texas rights under the law to maintain its credit worthiness, and to be given a fair opportunity to earn a return equal to the expected return on investments of comparable risk. Under the critical assumption that all of these conditions can be resolved to the satisfaction of all parties, retail open access could commence in early 2013 after FERC interconnects investments are completed.  Finally, turning to the federal front, on November 1st, responsibility for the reliability coordination of Entergy's transmission system transferred to the Independent Coordinator of Transmission, a division of the Southwest Power Pool. On November 17th, the ICT was installed and began performing all of its ITC functions including tariff administration, AFC calculation, transmission planning and operation of the Entergy OASIS. Crossing these milestones were substantial events for us, as we have worked continuously for nearly a decade to align our transmission operations with changing FERC policy, while meeting local regulators and policy makers needs.  Turning now to Nuclear, the Northeast fleet had another outstanding year, closing out the year with a 95% capacity factor, while also completing the refueling outage at FitzPatrick in under 30 days during the quarter. And we formally announced our intention to renew the license of Indian Point, the final site in the Northeast fleet to initiate the relicensing process. Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Greenpeace Founder Dr. Patrick Moore joined us in announcing our Right for New York license extension campaign.  Obviously, there will be opposition. But we are confident our plan has a vital, safe and secure nature of Indian Point will prevail, and that we'll ultimately receive approval. On a similar front, Palisades received good news when the NRC renewed its operating license for an additional 20 years through 2031.  Moving now to our commitment to fairly compensate those who provided capital for storm restoration and those who made that possible by not selling into a market when we were issuing securities, I'm also able to report more progress. Today, having completed our previous $1.5 billion stock repurchase program in December, we are announcing a new $1.5 billion stock repurchase program effective immediately and to be completed over the next two years. Part of this program is targeted for underlying -- unwinding the equity units we issued as part of the storm recovery financing plan ahead of their 2009 conversion date.  We view this new program as another important step forward. Also realize that the dividend action is also long overdue. Last Friday, the Entergy Board voted to continue to maintain the quarterly dividend at its current level of $0.54 per share. This action is consistent with my own recommendation. The Board takes seriously its aspiration to grow the dividend, as evidenced by their action to adopt a new dividend policy last October that calls for targeting a 60% payout ratio over time.  You're also well aware that the current level is well below that target, and well below the average relative to our peers. It's personally frustrating to me and disappointing to the Board that we believe it is still premature to consider dividend action at this time. Nonetheless, it is at the top of our list when more certainty and clarity is achieved on other initiatives.  Having said that, let me turn to what we still have to do in 2007 and beyond. At the Utility, we are entering the year with a full regulatory agenda. First and foremost, we must bring closure to remaining storm related matters. That means obtaining the last storm recovery order in Louisiana, continuing to pursue the insurance recovery process, completing the securitization process, and removing the negative credit rating agency outlooks. It also means seeing Entergy New Orleans emerge from bankruptcy, consistent with our objective at the end of June.  In other regulatory matters, we will pursue constructive resolution of the outstanding issues in Arkansas, including our rate case filed last summer and the fuel recovery proceeding. We'll take the next steps to enable the long-awaited separation of Entergy Gulf States into two companies by the end of the year. And by mid year, we expect to receive direction from the Texas commission as to whether we will be allowed to pursue retail open access in Texas by first joining ERCOT.  Let me assure you, whether we are headed to retail open access or not, Entergy Gulf States Texas can and will file for a base rate increase given the end of the legally imposed rate freeze on June 30th. This filing will follow 16 years without an increase, and without any real opportunity to earn our allowed return in Texas without impairing customer service. Obtaining rate relief pursuant to this filing is also a necessary, but not sufficient condition to ensure that Entergy Gulf States Texas has the financial integrity to support the ERCOT investment program, if that is the direction the commission pursues.  On the federal front, while implementing FERC's rough production cost equalization remedy for the system agreement, we will continue to pursue a replacement agreement that balances the need to achieve economies and efficiencies for our Utility customers, while eliminating disputes and litigation that have characterized the period since the current system agreement was adopted more than 20 years ago.  In Nuclear, we'll continue our contracting efforts and will advance our fleet alignment initiative. In addition, Nuclear will aggressively push forward on license renewal applications for the Northeast fleet, with the goal of obtaining approvals in the 2008 through 2010 time frame. Finally, Nuclear will strive to close the Palisades acquisition in the second quarter and successfully transition the plant into the Entergy fleet over the course of the year.  From the capital deployment perspective, Entergy will remain a disciplined capital steward. Our portfolio transformation framework will guide the investing process for the Utility supply plan. This framework assures consistency with our dynamic market based point of view. It also ensures we optimize capital outflows in a manner that produces the lowest present value of revenue requirements for customers.  In part, by pricing all risks, and then managing those risks through efficient regulatory and financial mechanisms and structures. We expect to execute Utility supply contracts for the long-term, and limited and intermediate term RFPs that we initiated in 2006, including making a decision as to whether we'll pursue our Little Gypsy repowering project, utilizing the abundant petcoke supply in the area.  We'll also continue to preserve our option to participate in the next generation of new nuclear development. We expect to obtain our early site permit for Grand Gulf in the first quarter, and we will be seeking to obtain the necessary legislative support and regulatory mechanisms to enable efficient financing and timely cost recovery, must haves to proceed with the new resource development. At the same time, we'll continue develop combined construction and operating licenses for both Grand Gulf and River Bend.  Finally, return of capital to owners rounds out our capital deployment initiatives. We'll execute against our new repurchase program, and continue to make progress on our commitment to return our owners to where they would have been had the storms never happened. Since our last dividend increase was in 2004, and the Fed has increased interest rates 14 times since then, if you don't see some positive action on the dividend this year, then we'll be talking about a lot more unexpected disappointments than just that.  While 2007 will undoubtedly hold the typical challenges, rest assured, our focus will remain our financial aspirations, and on the principles of sustainable growth that have guided us in the past.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Leo. 
Leo Denault: Thank you, Wayne, and good morning, everyone. In my remarks today, I will first cover quarterly results, followed by liquidity and cash flow performance, and I'll close with a recap of '07 guidance.  Looking first at our financial results for the quarter, slide two shows that the fourth quarter of '06 as reported earnings increased significantly compared to one year ago. Operational earnings also reflect a substantial improvement in the current period, rising 34% compared to the fourth quarter of '05. The increase in operational earnings came from higher results at Utility, Parent and Other. Results at Entergy Nuclear served to partially offset the increase, while earnings at the non-Nuclear wholesale business were comparable to fourth quarter last year.  Slide three shows the factors that drove the quarter-on-quarter increase in Utility, Parent and Other. These included additional revenue from sales growth and rate actions implemented during '06, income recorded in connection with a regulatory order received in Texas, and lower income tax expense. Partially offsetting these factors were higher operation and maintenance expenses, and higher interest expense.  Let me take a moment to provide a few details on the most important quarterly drivers. Utility sales volume increase was comprised of essentially flat residential volume, while all other sectors increased, particularly in the industrial sector. This pattern reflects the reality of storm recovery across our customer base, as business segments are recovering more quickly than residential customers.  While this is somewhat encouraging, it also highlights the possibility that it will be some time before these segments stabilize. In looking at sales growth going forward, we project just under 2% for '07, and we anticipate quarterly comparisons for the first quarter or two to continue to be affected by storm-related load and billing issues.  The next item I'll discuss is the regulatory order we received in Texas. As Wayne mentioned, we reached a constructive settlement in Entergy Gulf States Texas storm cost recovery case, and an element of that settlement permitted the recovery of some carrying costs. As you know, we financed upfront the significant costs associated with repairing heavily damaged infrastructure.  The Texas Commission agreed that a fair outcome would include recovery of approximately $37 million of carrying costs associated with our financing needs. A regulatory asset was recorded in the fourth quarter results to reflect the Commission's order, consistent with Generally Accepted Accounting Principals.  The final item that contributed to this quarter's improvement at Utility, Parent and Other was lower tax expense. During the fourth quarter of '06, we received final tax and interest computations from the IRS on several audits. The settlement of previously open issues included in these audits allowed us to reduce overall tax reserves. Partially offsetting the quarterly improvement at Utility, Parent and Other was higher operation and maintenance expense. Increased benefits costs was the largest contributor.  Also, you'll recall that a significant level of storm recovery work was taking place throughout the fourth quarter of '05. This effort shifted resources away from many typical O&M activities, thereby reducing expenses in the '05 period. The return to a normal expense pattern this year increased current period O&M on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Another factor producing higher O&M was the addition of the Attala plant in early 2006.  Moving to Entergy Nuclear, we recorded lower earnings at this business in the current quarter. Entergy Nuclear had a solid operational quarter and benefited from higher contract pricing, which contributed an additional $0.03 in the current period compared to the fourth quarter of '05. However, higher expenses at Entergy Nuclear more than offset the effects of higher energy pricing. The increase in expenses came primarily from our standard year-end tax accrual true-up. Also, higher O&M, due primarily to increased benefits, contributed to higher Nuclear expense.  At the non-Nuclear wholesale business, results in the current period were comparable to the same period last year. However, the components were different. In the fourth quarter of '06, results included the benefit of lower income tax expense, while earnings in the fourth quarter of '05 were driven primarily by the sale of SO2 allowances.  Before leaving our discussion of quarterly results, I would like to review the special items we recorded in the current period, which were listed back on slide two. Starting with Entergy New Orleans, the loss of $0.09 per share reflects an increase in both O&M and interest expense recorded this quarter. Consistent with a recently filed amendment to its plan of reorganization, Entergy New Orleans is now offering to pay first mortgage bondholders previously waived interest in the amount of $13 million upon emergence. This offer was made to encourage support from this creditor class for the Company's plan. Also, ENOI began making their normal first mortgage bond interest accrual this quarter.  The second special item was also recorded at Utility, Parent and Other. We received the final cash proceeds from the late 2004 sale of Entergy Coke Trading. Consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, we recorded the gain on these transactions upon receipt of the cash proceeds. The after-tax gain amounted to about $55 million, which was slightly below our original estimates, but still a very positive outcome for Entergy.  A third item recorded as special reflects tax benefits associated with the liquidation of the holding company that owned our investment in Entergy Coke Limited Partnership. This item contributed $0.49 per share to as-reported earnings. The next item came from the discontinued competitive retail business. Consistent with previous quarters since the announcement of the sale of this business, costs associated with transition activities were recorded as a special. And the final special reduced as reported earnings by $0.13 and resulted from certain capital losses previously recorded, that we now project we will not utilize.  Moving to full year results, slide four shows as reported and operational results for '06 compared to '05. As reported results were significantly higher reflecting an increase of 28%, with most of the increase coming from Utility, Parent and Other. Full year operational earnings improved by 7%, with both Utility and Nuclear contributing to the increase.  Sales growth and the effective constructive rate actions and lower income taxes all contributed to the year-over-year increase of 6% in operational earnings at Utility, Parent and Other. Entergy Nuclear's 11% earnings increase in '06 compared to '05 was driven primarily by higher pricing on energy sold and increased generation available.  The higher output was made possible by the upgrade completed earlier in '06 at the Vermont Yankee plant, as well as fewer outages for the fleet overall. Higher income tax expense at Entergy Nuclear in '06 served to partially offset the positive factors in full year's results. And finally, operational results for the year at the Non-Nuclear wholesale business were essentially unchanged compared to its contribution in '05.  Slide five includes a snapshot of our cash flow performance this quarter and for the year, both of which were very strong. For the quarter, recovery of storm costs through CDBG funding in Mississippi and the collection of previously deferred fuel costs were the key drivers to an increase of more than 200% in cash flow from operations. In addition, the improvement in cash flow resulted from a significant reduction in storm-related cash payments in the current quarter compared to a year ago.  On slide six, we look ahead at our overall liquidity position, which remains very solid. Our net cash available over the '07 to '09 period is $1 billion after folding in the effects of the new share repurchase program. We currently expect to execute our new program over the next two years.  As was the case with the last share repurchase program completed in late '06, the new program reflects our Board's commitment to balance several key objectives, including returning capital to owners in a timely and efficient manner, maintaining balance sheet strength consistent with our risk profile and our focus on credit quality, and maintaining flexibility to take advantage of opportunities that may arise. Additionally, we have the flexibility to alter our repurchase activity if events or investment activity warrant.  It is worth reiterating our investment interests have not changed. We continue to favor investments in additional nuclear assets and attractive generation assets to add to our Utility portfolio. And as Wayne stated earlier, dividend increases remain a priority as we look to advance toward a 60% payout ratio over time. We continue to see our '07 as reported and operational earnings guidance in the range of $5.40 to $5.70 per share.  Slide seven details the components of guidance, which have shifted somewhat from last quarter to reflect '06 results. At Utility, Parent and Other, sales growth and improved pricing coming from rate actions are expected to make a positive contribution to earnings. With respect to growth, we are projecting some continued storm-related impact at Entergy Louisiana, as a portion of their customer base has not yet returned. Higher O&M, depreciation and higher interest expense are also forecasted for the utility in '07. These items, along with an adjustment for normal weather, will offset the positive drivers at the Utility.  The contribution to '07 earnings from Nuclear pricing is projected to be significant, at $0.70 per share, and increased capacity revenues will add an additional $0.10. Also, we currently expect to close the Palisades transaction in the second quarter, and revenue from that plant will also add to Nuclear's results. Higher O&M and the impact of two additional refueling outages, including one at Palisades, will be partially offsetting.  I'd like to make one final additional point on Nuclear's contribution to '07 guidance. The timing of scheduled refueling outages and the Palisades transaction's closing will potentially result in an earnings pattern that is backend loaded for this year.  Moving to the final component of our '07 guidance, we currently expect -- estimate increased losses at the wholesale business. This item, added to all the other guidance components, results in a consolidated midpoint of $5.55 per share. While we are affirming our '07 guidance range of $5.40 to $5.70 per share, it is important to note that there are components that have the potential to move our actual results higher or lower.  For example, the timing and amount of shares repurchased under our new program should have a positive effect. At the same time, however, the pace of customer returns in the Utility's residential sector could fall short of our expectations. And in Nuclear, Northeast power prices could move against us for the 5% of our output that is not sold forward, or they could also move in our direction. Consistent with our past practice with an entire year of results ahead of us, we are holding to our stated range.  As we look ahead to the rest of '07, we have a full to-do list, as Wayne described, that we will executing on with the goal of exceeding your expectations. We remain committed to returning value to you, our owners, and we believe our ability to do so is enabled by achieving our long-term financial aspirations. These aspirations include investing in positive NPD projects in a non-regulated business, producing solid returns in the Utility through operations and investing in assets that provide reliable service to our customers, growing EPS by approximately $1 per share through 2010, targeting a 60% dividend payout ratio overtime, and achieving top quartile total shareholder returns.  With that, we will now turn to our Q&A session. And our senior team is available to answer your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]  And our first question today will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning. 
Wayne Leonard: Good morning, Dan. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: First question, I guess on table nine, I hate to point to a detailed table, but on table nine when you guys show the capital structure changes including net share repurchases and new debt, and I look at this table versus the last one, that number has fallen from about $2.6 billion to $400 million.  Obviously, the share repurchase is in there. But can you help explain where that other $700 million is? 
Leo Denault: When you go through -- this is Leo, Dan. When you go through the process of putting in a share repurchase program, it has an impact on both sides of the equation. The share repurchase program, obviously reduces the equity component, increases the debt component at the same time.  So there's a little difference when you are doing the math between a share repurchase program or if you are investing it in a capital project, for example, which doesn't impact both sides of the equation. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So the old 2.6 was assuming that kind of a levered CapEx number before that? 
Leo Denault: You are right. It was just levering up the balance sheet to that, you know, 50%, 55% level. But the use of proceeds wasn't necessarily dedicated towards a share repurchase. It was available for either. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Got it. And then can you guys talk a little bit about some of the O&M cost pressures you're seeing? You're not the first company that's talked about it this quarter. Are you seeing a lot of wage pressure inflation at the Nuclear side or is it just kind of general costs? 
Wayne Leonard: Leo will go ahead and start that. And then with specifics, maybe Gary Taylor with Nuclear, or Rick who runs our Utility business, could amplify, if needed. Leo? 
Leo Denault: Some of the O&M increases, as I mentioned, Dan, are associated with things like Attala that was purchased in '06, a full year. You're looking at both Perryville and Attala showing up for the first time in full year. We do see benefits costs, overall compensation costs, health and welfare, pensions, OPEB and the like, being somewhat of the largest driver.  That's why we put in place a lot of programs that'll, by and large, hit in the '07 and beyond timeframe, like the HealthStrides program that we've mentioned before around healthcare to keep a lid on some of those benefits costs.  Also, Palisades showing up in the numbers for the first time is going to have an impact for a portion of the year in '07 and then first time be a full-year in '08. Other than that, what we have seen on the Nuclear front is not as much on the wage side. And Gary can expound on that, but also NRC fees, security costs and the like. 
Gary Taylor: Yes, I think Leo really hit a couple of them. One is, you know, we seeing an increase as the NRC staffs up, which is increasing at all our sites as far as additional costs. We're seeing some costs associated again with continuing security that we have to put in.  We're seeing a little bit of pressure on [upgrading] and fuel price. Even though we're hedged out, we're still seeing some impact on that. And like I think you've heard in some of the other people that have talked, we're seeing some of the same type of issues that we think are more short-term materials issues in PWRs and BWRs.  But as we prioritize those, I think we feel pretty good about how we'll manage those going forward. But it is putting, I think, some short-term, in that case, pressures on our costs. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Gary, can I ask just one more? As we think about nuclear fuel, what kind of cost pressure are you seeing looking at, you know, where things have been, to where you are signing new contracts as we look out into the next decade as far as fuel plus reprocessing? Are you comfortable talking about that yet? 
Gary Taylor: Well, when you say reprocessing, I guess -- 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Or processing, I'm sorry. 
Gary Taylor: Okay. Processing. I mean we're seeing what everybody else is seeing. You know, we're fairly hedged out for the next several years. So we've been able to mitigate that. But as those contracts roll out, we've seen basically a factor of fixed increase in the fuel component in those latter years.  I think this January, you've seen price now like $71 a pound for uranium. But we're also offsetting that in some ways by being able to use less material by a little bit more innovative strategy. So that tends to mitigate that. But I think you're going to see as we move forward that continue to move.  And about every $10 movement in that price of uranium is about $1 a megawatt-hour. So I mean if you believe that this will stay from the ultimate lows of $10, that goes up to where we're 60s and 70s, I think you can get an idea about where that might move. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: And next we'll go to Greg Gordon with Citigroup. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Two questions. One on the buyback. I know you guys have indicated your base case plan is to buy the stock back over the next two years. Is there any flexibility in that plan in terms of potentially completing the buyback over a shorter duration?  Or should we assume, unless something material changes in your financial outlook that that would be sort of a ratable buyback over a few years? 
Leo Denault: Hi, Greg. This is Leo. The -- I guess for modeling purposes, the easiest thing to do is just to spread it over the two-year period. And I guess I would say that the potential is probably more for it to be front-end loaded than back-end loaded. But you asked if there was flexibility, it's set up to be exactly that, flexible.  We anticipate finishing it over the next couple of years. And we have the opportunity to move it around depending on, as I said in my prepared remarks, what kind of investment opportunities we have or if there's any events that occur or the like. But there is flexibility. And I'd say if there was -- if you were going to have a bias, it would be more front-end than back-end. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Second question is on Nuclear, on the hedge profile. You know, if you blend -- I'm looking at table five. You know, you go from 93% hedged in '07 to 60% hedged in '09, 39% hedged in '10 on a blended basis.  Just wondering, as you look at hedging '09 and '10, do you feel that those markets accurately -- are accurate reflective -- reflecting, you know, the implementation of RGGI, tightening market heat rates, the increase in capacity values?  I mean, do you feel like those markets are adequately compensating you for all of those factors? Or are they not? And is that why we're less hedged as we go out through time? 
Leo Denault: There's a variety of factors that go into that. The first one, I guess, the easy one, is liquidity out there. We have seen a pickup in liquidity in the longer-dated strip, particularly for our products just because of the reliability and everything we've had at the units.  And because of the number of players who have a different profile than had when we originally started. But I think that all of the things you touched on, Greg, are things that we see as upsides. We see RGGI and the implementation of that when the rules finally end up completely solidified in each of the states that are adopting it.  So as you get out into 2009 and you look at what impact that could have on power prices, I don't believe that that's adequately baked into everything that's out there. We also have some pressure on heat rate that we think will be showing up in that time frame, as well as capacity prices.  All of those go to be, I think, neutral at worst, and positive is probably most likely. So we're pretty -- we believe that those are going to be things that will show up as time goes on. Certainly, the forward capacity markets, as they start to be implemented now, those are going to show up in the unsold capacity that we have at Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee.  And we also see the New York ISO prices for the capacity markets increasing. So all in all, we see those all as being positive, and I don't think they're all fully baked into the market yet. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Last question, Wayne, at the EEI conference, you talked a little bit about different concepts for the future of the Company from a strategic perspective. And I think your basic gist was, there's a possibility that smaller could be better, in terms of the makeup of the Company, the different operating subsidiaries potentially being standalone public entities. How's your thought process evolved on that front? 
Wayne Leonard: You know, it was -- not everybody interpreted it I think maybe the same way that you did, Greg. That's our point of view, relative to getting bigger at this point in time. And kind of like when we formed the Entergy Coke venture, we had a certain point of view how value could be created. The value was created.  Then we had a point of view relative to future value creation. And we made a decision at that time to sell it to the more natural owner. And that's kind of the point we're making I think at EEI that there maybe more natural owners, lower costs of capital, or of, in particular, joint ventures that could create more value than kind of the standalone structure we have today.  The big one of course, on everybody's mind is nuclear. All of the things that Leo just talked about. There's a limit at some point in time, probably, to how much we can do in terms of cutting costs. We're at 95% capacity factor already. And how big the market might be, just on a unit contingent versus the retail market.  And we're trying to find a way to bridge that gap, which is substantial. Doing it alone doesn't make sense to us, for a whole lot of reasons. And we've had a number of, I think, people hear what we said at EEI, and take that as meaning we want to sell those assets. There was some fire sale involved. And we've listened to what they had to say, and made it clear that's not going to happen.  And we also, at the same time, we've had some real legitimate interests, which we had before, also, from people who own companies who own assets in the area, or have some innovative ideas about how to market and manage the risk in that area, where the joint venture might well be a pretty good answer and be viable.  To do that, it has to be the right partner at the right price, the right structure, the right allocation of risks. And it has to be at the right -- obviously, at the right time. But the big thing in particular, being somebody who's got the wherewithal to buy into a venture with us with what we think these assets are worth.  And not everybody does. Some of the other things we talked about, and Texas in particular is an obvious one, with the business being split up and we'll need partners. We'll need to do something to be competitive on that scale. That's pretty far down the road.  But we have had some legitimate interests from parties that we hadn't talked to before, who, when the right time comes, would probably be a pretty good partner in Texas, and assuming the price and all things can be worked out. Nothing is imminent in that regard.  The whole discussion is very consistent with our overall point of view that we've always exercised in trying to find ways to add value, in particular by not doing some of these things all by ourselves, or taking all this risk ourselves.  So our thought process really hasn't changed. We sill believe in the areas we discussed. There's value to be had. It's a matter of, again, timing and developing the right structure and at the right price. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Levy with Brencourt. 
Andrew Levy - Brencourt: Hey, guys. I'm all set. Thank you. 
Operator: And next we will go to Ashar Khan with SAC. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Hi. Good morning. Leo, just going back to you mentioned you're expecting bankruptcy at ENI to be resolved by the middle of the year to come out. If I read the last financial documents, it kind of indicated that it could earn, like, $0.10 a share or so.  I'm just trying to get a value as to if it comes back in July, what is an annual impact of ENI coming back into the Entergy fold in terms of earning contribution? Is $0.10 the right number? Or could you guide us toward something? 
Leo Denault: I think what you saw in the plan we forecasted, I think about $8.8 million of earnings in '07. It does have the potential, I think, to come out of bankruptcy by the middle of the year because of those CDBG funds that have been allocated if we get the right insurance. And I think that it's a fair plan for everybody.  And as Wayne mentioned, we feel superior to the competing plan. I think that what you'll see out in New Orleans is a slow recovery coming out of it, as we're still at only 65% of the load. We've still got a significant residential customer base that is not back into the city.  So with constructive rate relief, with the CDBG funds, with active management and -- of the business by the operating folks, in terms of managing costs and everything, we believe that it can get back to being a financially viable entity.  But it's going to be a slow road for New Orleans coming out of the situation because of the customer base, because of the infrastructure costs associated with the gas rebuild, etcetera.  So it'll come back. And it'll come back as a financially viable entity, which is what's important to the region, what's important to the city to have. And -- but it'll take a lot of management to keep it going that way. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But you said how much was the contribution you're expecting? You said $8.8 million? 
Leo Denault: I believe so, yes. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: That's an annualized basis? 
Leo Denault: In 2007. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. But what would be a 2008 approximate number? Is that just half year? 
Leo Denault: Yes. In 2008 it grows, I think, to about $18 million. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. That's what I had. So it's like $0.10 or so, right? 
Leo Denault: Pardon me? 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: That's approximately $0.10? 
Leo Denault: Yes, yes. Of course, we had a big loss in a quarter, the fourth quarter this year. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Okay. My second question is just going back to this $1.5 billion buyback is over two years. That if I'm right, you said that includes acquiring the equity linked securities?  Could you just emphasize, I guess you issued some equity linked securities two years ago, right? Or year and a half when the hurricanes happened. You're planning to take those out, as well as the buyback? I'm just trying to understand what's happening? 
Leo Denault: Technically speaking, the $1.5 billion buyback will just take out common shares. The equity linked securities, we issued $500 million of those, as you recall. You're right, Ashar. When we did the financing plan back in 2000 and -- I guess it was the end of 2005 right after the hurricanes.  Physically, we're not doing anything to those equity linked securities. But as you know, when they, in 2009 when they convert, there'll be issuance of common equity at that point.  So as Wayne mentioned, the way to think about it is we have got a $1.5 billion program. Part of that is unwind of the financing plan associated with the hurricanes, and that you could effectively assume that the shares that are to be issued in 2009 associated with that purchase contract, that we're effectively offsetting that now. When we get -- . 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: With this buyback? 
Leo Denault: Correct. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. 
Leo Denault: But when we get to -- and then the way to think about it past 2008, is that 2009 and beyond we'll just be looking at our cap structure, our investment opportunities like we always do, without specifically identifying any one single security to offset other than the equity ownership plans, like we do on a regular basis now. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And then, if I can just go a little bit to the filing in Texas at the end of the year. I guess the schedule by which the PUCT has to come up with a decision, and just reading your filing and all of the exhibits, it's like to me, it's like I call it a pretty impossible task in terms of $1 billion expenditure for the PUCT to say okay, and say okay for you guys to go ahead.  I mean it's -- that was a huge amount of data in your filing. And just looking at how the commissions usually try to juggernaut and get the thing. I just thought the schedule is pretty aggressive, which is of course legislatively mandated, for them to come up with an opinion in such a short period of time.  So I was just trying to get a little bit of your feedback, that what chance of success are you saying in terms of the PUCT making a decision? And then, are these $1 billion of expenditures factored into your CapEx plans going forward?  How should we look at them? And then partly Wayne, I just talked with so many permissions needed and changing to this area agreement, I just thought that only Entergy has to own these assets to really go through all of this ERCOT joining, because it's going to require so many other entities to make changes on the reciprocal side, which are owned under the Entergy family.  So it's like -- to me it's like if you go ahead with this, it's a commitment to stay in Texas. I don't know if you can give me some feedback on the success rate, the level of investment, and isn't this a sign that you are, I guess, committed to the Texas portion now? 
Wayne Leonard: Ashar, let me turn this one over to Rick Smith, and then I'll follow-up or Leo can follow up, too, if he doesn't maybe cover everything or something. But let me have Rick take off on this one. Rick? 
Rick Smith: Ashar, although it is $1 billion in capital expenditures to tie into ERCOT to really create a fence between Louisiana and Texas, the benefits are greater than $1 billion. And it isn't something that we have just been working on over the last couple of months when we made a filing in December.  We really started this with ERCOT Commission, a year ago. I mean, we had to make a January 2006 filing. We did that. We've had technical conferences with interveners and staff. I think it was April of '06 on which way to go, and ERCOT was involved in that. We had some preliminary numbers mid-year last year.  And then, the final numbers came out, I think, in early October. So as it relates to the investments that will be required to get to ERCOT, I think those have been looked at quite a bit with the staff at the Commission and with the ERCOT staff. So the Commission staff has been involved in this with us and other key interveners for over a year.  Now that was one of the reasons that we suggested a rule making process, which allows us to talk about these things. But with Commission and the legislature as we move forward on some legislative certainty around cost recovery. So the law does require that they come up with an answer.  They don't have to approve the capital expenditures and those type things. They just have to, by mid-year, say we agree ERCOT is the right answer, move forward on that. And then we'll have to go through the cost recovery part of that with Commission subsequent to that.  The $1 billion is not in the capital budget at this point in time, because it's sitting out there a couple of years, past '07 before we really get into any significant dollars. And I think I'll turn it back over to Wayne.  I mean, as it relates to the system agreement, I could weigh in on that. I mean, we've been through how Texas can exit the system when it goes to retail open access. We have a FERC commission order out of that. There would be -- so it really doesn't exit the Entergy system until we get tied into ERCOT and those type things.  So I think -- and with the jurisdictional separation, we're looking at probably the largest generation component being owned by Louisiana, which would be the nuclear plant at River Bend. And all the other plants would be PPAs and those type things. So I mean, we do PPAs -- or we do joint ownerships and long-term PPAs between different affiliates and third parties every day of the week. I mean those wouldn't be unique, and I don't think would be a hindrance to really looking at what we would do in Texas. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. 
Wayne Leonard: Yes, Ashar. I think Rick covered it. The Texas commission is going to make these calls, and we're going to take it one step at a time. We're thinking two, three, four steps down the line, depending upon what they decide. But, you know as we go one step at a time, we'll give them a lot of different options on how we do this, and kind of back to Greg's point.  We've had a number of people, come up with other options that we hadn't necessarily thought of, in terms of how we might finance this $1 billion or whether it's necessary for Entergy to even make that investment under all circumstances, if we get to that point. And if the commission decides that they do want to us do it, and the financing.  And the financial wherewithal for Entergy Gulf States is secure enough for that to happen then that's what we'll do. But there are a lot of alternatives and regulatory mechanisms for recovery and financing that we'll be rolling out to the commission and to the markets at the appropriate time. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. I appreciate it. And if I could just end up, Leo, in this. What kind of cap structure have you assumed in Dan Eggers' reply question when you kind of mentioned that you -- the lowering of the share buyback reduce? What kind of a cap structure are you using in your modeling assumptions? 
Leo Denault: Well, when we do the table, it assumes a 55% debt to total cap. 
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: 55% debt to total cap. Thank you. Congratulations. 
Operator: And our next question today will come from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning guys. 
Leo Denault: Good morning Jonathan. 
Wayne Leonard: Good morning Jonathan. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: I had a couple of things. One, just this buyback question again, just to make sure I understood what you said, Leo. You'll effectively take out -- buy back $1.5 billion of shares over the next two years, but then the equity linked securities will actually, all other things being equal, lead to share count going back up again in '09. Is that accurate? 
Leo Denault: That's correct, Jonathan. And I guess what I was trying to point out, is that when we look at 2009, '10, '11, whatever they may be, just like what we've looked at here, is we're trying to manage to a certain balance sheet strength, financial flexibility, and we're looking at the opportunity set that we have over the course of that timeframe going forward.  And when we revisit '09, we aren't going to specifically identify anything other than the equity ownership plans for offset. What we will do is look at our cap structure, our opportunity set, our dividend profile, how much cash available we have, including maintaining that level of debt to total cap, our coverage ratios, and everything consistent with solid credit quality.  And if a share repurchase program makes sense at that time, we'll do it. We won't just specifically say, well, now we've got to take out the equity unit underlying. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: How many shares do they convert into, roughly? 
Leo Denault: I think it's about 5.7, 6 million, something like that 5.7 million shares. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And just one other thing was like. On hedging, you made your comments that you see positive drivers in the markets out in that longer dated time frame. When I look at your hedge percentages on the three year out timeframe, you're more hedged now than you've typically been in the past, at this stage.  And I suspect that's partly because you've got Palisades with the long-term contract now, which you didn't have before. But what's the general thought about, given what your statements on the market do you suspect you'll leave yourselves more open than you have been doing in the out years?  Wait for that to show up in the markets? Or will you kind of follow this typical pattern of getting to something in the 90s, 80s, and 60s on a rolling basis? 
Leo Denault: Well, certainly we'll maintain the current pattern. We like to stay hedged, obviously, as much as we can, consistent with our point of view. The issue that you've got in the near-term, is a lot of those things we discussed. One, the capacity market is something that is developing now. And we're hedging consistent with our point of view around that.  But the big gains in the capacity auctions, as well as what's going to happen with RGGI are still a couple of years out. And that's consistent with where you see our open position growing. The near-term hedging that we've done, particularly as it relates to '07, was consistent with where we were last year with our point of view on gas prices more, than environmental and capacity markets.  The gas price -- heat rate trades that we were trying to look at in terms of what's going on in the '07 and '08 market is what prompted us to be where we are right now. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So we should expect '09 and '10 to be kind of, you know, where '08 and '09 are now, a year from now? 
Leo Denault: Yes. We would expect it, and we would expect that as we get into those timeframes that get closer. We're going to execute on those hedges, though, with an understanding, and not only by us, but our counter parties, of what carbon and what capacity and all that is going to turn out to be.  Now fortunately in the forward capacity markets, that's got it's own -- in NEPOOL, it's got a method over the course of the next couple of years going into the auctions, that'll take place. I guess, starting in '08 for the 2010 and beyond timeframe. But as far as carbon, that's more a wildcard that RGGI, obviously, how that takes place will impact how we hedge out. 
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. 
Leo Denault: Thank you. 
Operator: And we have time for one final question today and that will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a great 2006. One quick question, just kind of coming back to the utility and thinking about supply plan and rate based growth. Can you give us an update in terms of not just Little Gypsy, but also other potential fuel diversity plans for Louisiana? 
Wayne Leonard: Okay. Let me -- Rick's pointing at somebody else. I'm trying to point at Rick. The -- Mark Savoff, is -- I don't know that we've introduced you to Mark before. Mark is the Executive Vice President over Operations. And he's really in charge of the portfolio transformation, in addition to our environmental efforts and other things. And he's really the expert in this area. So let me have Mark say a couple of words on that. Mark? 
Mark Savoff: Thanks, Wayne. Just to refresh everybody's memory, we went out with the long-term RFP middle of last year. And we were seeking, approximately 1,000 megawatts of combined cycle capacity, and about 1,000 megawatts of solid fuel capacity over for about a 30 year period for the solid fuel, in 20 years for the combined cycle. As you know, we received the proposals, we've evaluated the proposals we've short listed bidders and we went through and we made the final selections.  And this is a highly scrutinized process that we went through. We had two independent market monitors following us on this, and being involved in every step of the process. And tomorrow, the number of the selected proposals and the capacity of each of those proposals in the combined cycle gas turbine and also on the solid fuel will be posted on the RFP website.  And assuming that we can come to agreement with the counter parties, we expect to sign contracts in the second quarter probably for the CCGTs, and in the third quarter for the solid fuel. And then just along those lines, for the intermediate term RFP, which we let out last October, we're looking for one to three years of base load CCGT capacity, and also some peaking resources.  We expect to announce in mid-February the selections out of that particular process. And then also to have contracts executed there by the second quarter. 
Wayne Leonard: And Mark did that with absolutely no notes in front of him. Rick has something he wants to add. 
Rick Smith: Well, I mean, the only thing I would add to that, Michael, is that what we are looking at will have a positive impact on the mix of generation that we have in the Louisiana.  So it's going to help its production costs, and also other jurisdictions will be involved in this, also. So it'll be moving in the direction that we want it to move, as it relates to the mix. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: What is your target, meaning long-term? Not just next two to three years, but well beyond that. What do you view as the right amount of your energy being supplied from baseload capacity versus other capacity? 
Rick Smith: Well, traditionally, you match it with, kind of, what's your -- almost your residential and commercial load, and then a portion of your industrial. And I mean, that can vary between anywhere from 45% to 65%, so it'll be in that range.  And long-term, you know, we're looking at possibly adding some new nuclear to the portfolio. So there's things we're looking at four, five, ten years out. I mean that's what we're starting to look at today. 
Wayne Leonard: Okay. Michael, this is Wayne. You know, this is a really complicated area and it's one of the reasons we have, Mark, working on this so hard. Because really all bets are off at this point in time, in terms of what utilities have currently they have typically planned for, in terms of baseload and intermediate and peaking.  And you know, that's where, I think as I mentioned, our dynamic market point of view really comes into play, not just when we're in the unregulated markets, but in the regulated markets.  And building anything new is pretty expensive right now. All of the various commodity prices have gone up by absolutely exorbitant amounts in many cases over the last few months alone.  And so we all have to step back and look at what our mix is relative to maybe building more transmission or using more intermediate capacity for baseload. If you could lock up gas reserves or something of that nature, I mean, it might be cheaper than kind of the typical rule of thumb that solid fuels for baseload always makes more sense.  At the right price, you can do a lot of things differently, with expanded transmission or whatever. So that's why our integrated model to the market, we don't have any fixed rules, it's going to be this way or that way. Like I say, we're going to look at the long-term, the least present value of revenue requirements for customers.  And that may involve some different solutions than typically what utility planners might have came up with in the past. So we'll have better answers for you, but it's a dynamic market right now. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Wayne Leonard: Thanks, Michael. 
Operator: And that will conclude our question-and-answer session for today. We thank everyone for their participation. I'll turn things back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks. 
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you, operator. And thanks to you all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind to you refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulation G compliance statements. Our call was recorded, and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, confirmation code 2310470.  This concludes our call. Thank you. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo - IR Wayne Leonard - Chairman and CEO Leo Denault - CFO Richard Smith - Group President Utility Operations
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Dick Hayden - Deutsche Asset Management Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Michael Lepides - Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andrew Levi - Bear Wagner Steven Rountos - Talon Capital Neil Stein - Eleven Capital Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Shalini Mahajan - UBS
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Third Quarter 2006 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Michele Lopiccolo of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Well begin this morning with comments from our Chairman and CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements, Wayne.
Wayne Leonard: Good morning. We know many of you are preparing for the financial conference. Were also aware that many [of you] are releasing earnings and holding teleconferences this week. With these activities in mind, I will try to keep to the highpoints, particularly on storm recovery. As a result of Governor Barbour's decisive timely actions, Entergy Mississippi has received Community Development Block Grant Funds in the amount of $81 million. The money is now officially in the bank. Thats equivalent to $0.90 on the dollar for Katrina's restoration cost just as Governor Barbour promised from day one. Further, the Mississippi Public Service Commission approved our storm cost securitization request. Pursuing to the terms of the securitization order, the state of Mississippi will issue general obligation bonds for approximately $48 million. $8 million for remaining Katrina restoration cost after applying the $81 million of Community Development Block Grant Funds, which we've already received and an additional $40 million to increase the storm reserve. We anticipate receiving securitization proceeds around the end of the year. Together these actions substantially benefit Mississippi customers by holding the line on necessary rate relief to not only recover from the aftermath of Katrina, but to also pre-fund restoration costs associated with future storms that may come Mississippi's way. We applaud the unwavering commitment of Governor Barbour, the Mississippi Public Service Commission, and other Mississippi officials to constructive regulation, protection for customers, and promotion of the public good. I'll also convey our appreciation to the Governor for personally following the Community Development Block Grant request through the HUD to make sure it wasnt derailed by others outside of HUD. Turning to Texas, hearings on storm recovery will begin tomorrow. We are encouraged by developments in the storm recovery process, particularly the PUCT staff's expected willingness to advocate for strict implementation of the will and the intent of the Texas legislature as outlined in the storm cost recovery legislation they passed last spring and as evidenced by the staffs own pre-filed testimony in the case. And in New Orleans, two major milestones were reached last week when Entergy New Orleans filed its proposed plan for reorganizations with the US Bankruptcy Court and reached agreement with the New Orleans City Council on a rate plan. Starting with the plan of reorganization, I'm particularly pleased to report that it anticipates full compensation to all Entergy New Orleans stakeholders. The proposed plan represents the combination of extensive efforts with federal, state, and local regulators, and law makers to gain support for Community Development Block Grants, rate relief, and insurance proceeds, each of which is critical to Entergy New Orleans emergence. The plan would enable Entergy New Orleans to emerge in a manner that ensures Entergy New Orleans customers are served by an ongoing financially viable entity, pay those creditors, and protects the rights of investors. Certainly, the plan is approved by the Bankruptcy Court and the creditors, Entergy New Orleans could emerge from bankruptcy before the end of 2007 following the completion of the precedent that are set forth in the plan. Perhaps the most important of these conditions is the receipt of the $200 million of community development block grant that was approved in mid- mid October by Louisiana Recovery Authority. We are pleased that Govern Blanco and members of the LRA recognized that community development block grants will help make Entergy's New Orleans customer rates more affordable than otherwise it would be, something that is clearly is important to the economic recovery of the city and of the state. Other conditions call for reaching acceptable agreement with the New Orleans City Council on post storms filing that were made in June including creating a storm reserves to provide liquidity to meet future potential needs and receiving assurances that expected insurance claim proceeds of approximately $250 million for New Orleans. On the regulatory recovery front, Entergy New Orleans reached a settlement agreement that was unanimously approved by the New Orleans City Council last Friday on a phased-in electric and gas base rate plan to be fully implemented by January 1, 2008, consistent with the [traditions] of the plan of reorganization that have been filed with the bankruptcy court. The council also approves the creation of a $75 million storm reserve to be collected over a period of 10 years and establish emergency rate relief provisions to ensure that Entergy New Orleans will obtain a expedient rate relief to have the means, to maintain liquidity, and receive timely payments should a Hurricane Katrina-type event occur in the future, let's hope not. Importantly after considering the total effect of phased-in rates, typical Entergy New Orleans electric rates will be comparable to neighboring utilities and almost 35% lower than cities like Houston and Dallas where many evacuees still reside. Another utility development, we concluded hearing in Arkansas earlier this month related to Entergy costs recovery rider investigation and post hearing briefs have since been filed. The [APSE] does not have a deadline to file an order in the case. We remain confident that our fuel and purchase to energy expenditures will be found appropriate and that the ECR writer will not be replaced with an alternative recovery mechanism. Finally we saw progress at the Federal level. First of the -- the fed ruled our power purchase agreement case essentially approving all of the PPAs with some modifications and supporting our RFP process. Our independent coordinator of transmission procedure in September were denied various request for hearing and in October accepted the operating companys compliance filing with some modification and directed the operating companies to install SPP as the ICT within 30 days of the order. We are pleased to finally be implemented in the ICT deposal and are working closely with SPP to insure that we have a seamless transition to the ICT. We expect to implement the ICT oversight functions within 30 days of the order and anticipate implementation of the enhanced weekly procurement process by next May. Closing out the update on federal regulation, late last week Entergy Arkansas received a FERC order that completely reversed an earlier ALJ decision. That was an extremely surprising and disappointing development because FERC concluded that a co-op, one of the co-owners of two Entergy Arkansas coal units was entitled to a refund under its interpretation of certain provisions covering replacement power when the unit's output is constrained or reduced. Previously, the administrative law judge, who actually heard the case found that the plain terms of the agreement require Entergy Arkansas' systems operating constraints when returning the amount of energy the co-op is entitled to, just as we what do for Entergy's ownership percentage, and there is no evidence that Entergy Arkansas violated terms of that provision whatsoever. As a result of this very recent event, we recorded a regulatory charge that is reflected in the third quarter financial statement issued today causing them to differ from the earning pre-released we issued to the market on October 17th. While we strongly believe the FERC heard this decision, the fact that the FERC reversed the administrative law judge's decision on the issue of a contract interpretation which is pretty straight forward, indicates that Entergy Arkansas that maybe difficult to overturn on a rehearing. Nevertheless, we believe our interpretation is correct and is clearly consistent with intent of the provisioning question. For its decision acknowledges the benefits of ownership but fails to acknowledge the risk of ownership as a co-op should bear. We intend to seek rehearing on this decision. In the event we are not successful, we will consider whether to seek release in the courts. Once again our Nuclear business demonstrated outstanding operational results, Northeast's fleet ran at a 99% capacity factor and Arkansas Nuclear Unit 1 completed the equivalent of a perfectly pitched game in baseball. ANO 2 shut down on September 19, begin its eighteenth reviewing outage after a continuous 527 days of operations since its last refueling outage, Entergy's Nuclear 1 uninterrupted breaker-to-breaker run. We also achieved positive results for our Northeast fleet in the form of additional forward contracting for the output and we received notification from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission as a license extension application for Fitzpatrick has been reviewed and accepted enabling the Entergy's staff to proceed with its review. Finally, we continue to work towards working in our newest plant Palisades to our fleet. All filings for key approvals have been made and are moving forward. We anticipated second quarter closing given the current regulatory schedule in Michigan. In closing momentum is strong. We are continuing to make strides on all fronts, coming out of a very difficult year in 2005. Happily for everyone, the 2006 storm season is uneventfully drawing to a close. That means another year for infrastructure bolstering of pumping stations, flywheels and floodwalls, and for more progress in some of our own goals; like resolving storm recovery processes and securitizing strong cost and establishing reserves. It also means returning capital to our owners, for we are seeing many of our stated goals and plans put on hold for over a year now. While we were able to demonstrates some modest progress on this front by initiating action on existing share repurchase programs that were suspended after Katrina, I am obviously disappointed that we werent able to do the same on the quarterly dividend. By now you undoubtedly saw that last Friday, the Entergy Board voted to continue to maintain the quarterly dividend at its current level of $0.54 per hare. This action was an obvious, yet frustrating decision, since the Board takes seriously its aspiration to grow the dividend and is well aware that the current level is well below the average relative to our peers. But this was the recommendation that management brought to Board. Yet as you know, just like we committed to restore the system in order to put customers back in service such that the storms had never hit, we remained committed to those that provided the money to do so, to catch up to where we expected to be on key measures like earnings, dividends, debt ratios as that the storm had never hit also and to deliver top quartile shareholder returns as we have been accustomed to doing. We look forward to seeing all of you DEI to discuss moving beyond the storms at Entergy. It's been too long since we've been able to do that. And with that, let me turn the call over to Leo Denault. Leo will outline earnings and cash projections for 2007 and beyond, and I hope you'll agree with reflective of our commitment to catch-up to where we expected to be, Leo
Leo Denault: Thank you Wayne and good morning everyone. In my remarks today, I will cover quarterly results, recent progress in nuclear contracting, third quarter cash flow performance, 2007 earnings guidance, and I'll close with a review of a new long-term cash available projections. Turning to our financial results for the quarter, slide 2 shows that third quarter '06 as reported earnings increased by 11% compared to one year ago. Operational earnings in the current period were 7% higher compared to the third quarter of 2005. The increase in operational results came from a strong quarter performance at Entergy Nuclear. Lower results, the utility [parent] and other served partially offset the increase at nuclear, while the non-nuclear wholesale business was nearly flat quarter-to-quarter. Slide 3 shows the decline in utility parent and other earnings compared to the third quarter of last year. The factors producing this decline included higher operation and maintenance expense, higher interest expense, lower interest income, and the regulatory charge Wayne mentioned that was recorded due to a forked decision rendered late last week. Partially offsetting these factors where additional revenue from sales growth and rate actions implemented since third quarter last year and the lower income tax expense. In reviewing the components of results this quarter, some additional detail may be helpful. Starting with the utility, several factors materially impacted operation and maintenance expenses this quarter. One factor was the absent of a benefit realized last year in connection with the low level radioactive waste compact settlement. This settlement reduced O&M by $0.04 in the third quarter of '05. Another item related to the effective storm recovery efforts. Because our workforce was concentrated on storm restoration in the wake of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in the third quarter of 2005, the shift and focus moved resources away from many O&M activities thereby reducing these expenses in the quarter. To returns to more normal expense pattern this year increased labor and benefits costs producing an increase in O&M on a quarter-to-quarter comparison. The third factor relates to increased costs associated with the additions of Perryville and Attala plants and higher storm reserves, all of which are being in recovered in rates. Finally, we did experience higher legal and regulatory costs as well as higher insurance expense. Higher interest expense during the quarter is another item associated with the continuing storm effects at the utility. Additional borrowings for ramping up in the third quarter of '05 to fund storm recovery and they remain outstanding today. Lastly, lower income -- lower interest income also reduced utility results due to the absence of last year's compact settlement, a portion of which was recorded here. On a positive note the utility experienced an improvement in sales across all customer classes this quarter. Improvement which exclude [inaudible] primarily reflects the returns of service of the Mississippi customers who were hit by storm outages in the third quarter of 2005 and a portion of the Entergy Louisiana customers. The improvement in industrial sector also reflects a storm-related rebound. However, the overall recovery of this sector is trailing our original expectations and chemical manufacturers in particular have been hampered by high energy prices. One final item that benefited utility trend and other was lower income tax expense. The lower expense relates to a pension item reflecting the benefit of the tax deduction accounted for using the flow-through accounting. This accounting treatment matches the regulatory treatment of the item for rate purposes. Moving to Entergy Nuclear, we recorded higher earnings as this business had an excellent operating quarter. The increase is due primarily to higher contract pricing which contributed $0.07 in the current period compared to the third quarter of '05. Other positive drivers at nuclear were increased generation from the upgrade completed at the Vermont Yankee earlier this year, increased generation due to fewer unplanned outages as reflected in the 99% capacity factor achieved for the quarter, and a reduction to the decommissioning liability to reflect timing of decommissioning at one of our North Eastern plants. [With all the] routine adjustments like this one are made from time to time similar to the ones made in the third quarter of '04 and the first quarter of '05. Partially offsetting these positive factors were increase in O&M due to higher benefits and insurance expenses. Closing out the discussion of quarterly results, we look at the non-nuclear wholesale business. Results in the third quarter of '06 were slightly improved over a year-ago, the return to service of the Harrison County unit damaged by an explosion of a third party pipeline and reduced overhead expenses were the primary contributors to earnings increase. Turning to slide four, we continue to pursue opportunities to contract at attractive prices on terms that are consistent with our risk criteria. We are pleased to report that significant progress was made on this front in the third quarter. Before considering the addition of Palisades, we increased our hedge positions by an average of approximately 10% over the 2008 through 2010 timeframe. The pricing on new contracts was somewhat below transactions completed earlier in the year. However, pricing on new contracts this quarter on average 33% above are prices for the portfolio at the end of the second quarter. Slide four also shows that factory in Palisades significantly enhances our hedge position for each of the years 2007 through 2010. Slide five; includes a snapshot of our cash flow performance this quarter, which was quite solid. In the current period collections of previously deferred fuel costs, lower non-capital storm spending and higher revenues at Entergy Nuclear increased net cash flow by nearly $450 million. Today we are issuing '07 as reported in operational earnings guidance in the range $5.40 to $5.70 per share with all components of our guidance detailed on slide six. Our Utility, Parent and Others, sales growth and improved pricing coming from rate actions are expected to make a positive contribution to earning along with accretion. With respect to growth, we are projecting some continue storm related impact at Entergy Louisiana as a portion of their customer base has not yet returned. Higher O&M, depreciation and higher interest expense along with an adjustment for normal weather will largely offset the positive drivers at the utility. The contribution to '07 earnings from Nuclear pricing is projected to be significant at $0.70 per share and increased capacity revenue will add an additional $0.10 per share to earnings. Also we currently expect to close the Palisades' transactions in the second quarter of the year and revenue from that plant will also add to Nuclear's results. Finally accretion will round out the positive factors including in '07 guidance for the Nuclear business. These positives are expected to be partially offset by higher O&M and the impact of two additional refueling outages including one at Palisades. The final component of our '07 is an estimate of a moderate increase in losses at the wholesale business which moves our consolidated mid-point to $5.55 per share. Looking ahead, the combination of continued strong cash generation and financial discipline give us an ample flexibility to create long term value for our owners. As slide seven shows, our new estimated cash available for capital deployment is $3.2 billion for the period of '07 through '09. Our build up of net cash available over this three year period include solid growth in net cash flow provided by operating activities particularly at Entergy Nuclear; increased plant capital expenditures reflecting the purchase of Palisades and potential supply plant additions at the utility; a conservative estimate for dividends and stock repurchases covering options and equity units and additional debt capacity at a level consistent with triple B credit quality. The strength of our cash available going forward gives us the flexibility to cease opportunities in the market and/or to return capital to our owners. We recognize your patience in standing bias as we work to recover from the challenges of 2005. I echo Wayne's sentiments when I say that we are focused on returning value to you in response to your continued commitment to Entergy. In conclusion, the optimism we have shared with you in previous quarters is now taking shape in the form of strong cash flow projections and earnings growth. We will continue to assess the opportunities available and are excited about our prospects for 2007 and beyond. As we execute going forward, we will do so with discipline and with a mind toward creating value to our shareholders. We now turn to our Q&A session and our senior team is available to respond to your questions.
Operator: The question and answer will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning.
Wayne Leonard: Good morning, Dan.
Leo Denault: Good morning Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: First question on, I guess share repurchase activity, you are looking at the employed share count reduction for next year and the fact is that you guys are in the market. Are you assuming that you will announce an expenditure repurchase for 2007 and beyond the residual pre-Katrina amount?
Leo Denault: We are not in those estimates Dan. What we have got in there is completion of the $1.5 billion program and the offset of employee ownership plan issuances.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And that number is included -- that is included in the numbers before you get to the $3.2 billion of incremental available cash; is that correct?
Leo Denault: Correct.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, and you guys -- you said that you are in the market already or you have been in the market in 2006; is that correct?
Leo Denault: Thats correct.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Do you want to give any thoughts on how much of that you are going to get done in 2006?
Leo Denault: We typically dont disclose what we have done but our estimate would be that we would finish up the $400 million by the end of the year.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. On the guidance you guys gave today, what is the implied power places on the unhedged component at Nuclear?
Leo Denault: Thats in the release Dan, I believe it's $69 (inaudible).
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, I apologize about that. And then you said, the last question and I will let somebody else go, but on the CapEx side you said there were some inclusion of capital being spent at the utility as part of that CapEx program. Can you give some color on how much you guys expect to spend on the generation front?
Leo Denault: We will give more detail on that as we go forward into the disclosures of the 10-K, we will have that same three year projection in hose Dan, but there are some dollars in there for assumptions around the supply plan as well as some transmission investment and from environmental cost. We'll give more detail of that as we go forward in beginning of next year.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Dick Hayden] with Deutsche Asset Management.
Dick Hayden - Deutsche Asset Management: Yes, thank you. Wayne and Leo, could you comment about your -- when you are contracting for nuclear power, where is your fuel contracting, how are we matching the two?
Leo Denault: I'm sorry Dick, what was the last part of that?
Dick Hayden - Deutsche Asset Management: The matching of your nuclear contracting for power against your fuel purchase for nuclear fuel?
Leo Denault: Wayne will give you that.
Wayne Leonard: Yeah, Dick, were already hedged by an large out through 2008 into 2009 with our fuel, and we've been actively looking at and hedging portions out further than that. As you would call, we've stated for a while that we've been out through 2008 into 2009 with our contracting previously as we saw the run-up in nuclear fuel prices, but weve been working quite actively on -- out through 2010 and beyond even.
Dick Hayden - Deutsche Asset Management: Is there a concern that this nuclear fuel cost might rise beyond your current expectations?
Wayne Leonard: There's always a concern that it could rise beyond our current expectations. Weve been watching that very closely and certainly it's something that over the course of the last couple of years has gone up tremendously. As you know, the cost of nuclear fuel itself, while it was only about 25% of the cost of fuel, is actually uranium price, as it gets fabrication and other aspects of it to go into that. So, it's not a tremendously significant change in the overall production cost when that goes up, but it's something that weve been paying a lot of attention to, and thats why we've been actively trying to manage it going forward.
Dick Hayden - Deutsche Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Wayne Leonard: Yeah, basically, we just by nearly, we do -- we try to manage that going forward to keep the cost as low and stable as possible, but as you know these plants dont trade off of uranium. They trade more closely to gas. So our point of view relative to gas and the relationship there between power prices is much more important. The margin -- we're not like the gas plant where it's critical, so we could end up with a contract thats below water because we have matched up the two. The few we manage as a kind of separate item and to increase the margin as much as we can, but as far as having a (inaudible) money contract, thats really not an issue because the margins are big.
Dick Hayden - Deutsche Asset Management: Okay, thank you very much.
Wayne Leonard: Thanks, Dick.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Ashar Khan with SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning, Leo could you if I read the assumptions [Palo Verde] is going to add $0.13 operational and then you said there was an accounting for the PPA which adds another seven for '07. And if I am right, the output is nearly half in '07 and then I guess you have the full year in '08. Can we then assume there is an additional $0.13 to $0.15 in '08, sorry palisades, I am getting the nuclear wrong, for the palisades in '08 versus '07?
Leo Denault: You certainly got Gary going with the reference that some one [Palo Verde], the -- we're looking at a close in the second quarter and you're right, we got about $0.13 for the plant and another $0.07 or so for the PPA. It's going to depend on where that sits when close, so its difficult to say there's also and outage in 2007 and not in 2008 so you would anticipate that we get a full year plus not and outage in 2008 around palisades, but as far as what the PPA accounting is thats going to be set primarily at what prices look like at the day we close the plant.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, so basically there will be no PPA effect in '08, but there will be more generation in '08 because you have the full year and you have a less of an outage in '08 is that correct?
Leo Denault: No there will be a PPA adjustment every year of the plant. It's just that you will know -- we set it in terms of where it starts at the time we closed the plant based on the what prices are at that point in time and then, it will work its way out over the life of the plant. There will be an adjustments earnings every year that will net to zero effectively over the life of the plant, but we won't know exactly where that starts until you get to the day you close the plant, so it will show up in both years.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lepides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lepides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys congratulation on the quarter, two regulatory items. One, when we think about New Orleans what rate base should we be kind of incorporating in our models after 2007. I mean prior to the storm, it was around $380 million or so, I don't know kind of how the storm accounting treatment will impact rate base, thats the first question, and second, can you provide an update in terms of level of under earning at the Texas subsidiary and the rate case timeline there?
Leo Denault: Okay, Rick Smith, President of our utility operations will I think he got both those ready ready for you.
Wayne Leonard: Mike on the first question, rate base will be about same, because of -- with CDBG funds, it's pretty much taken care of all the storm cost that were incurred. And I am sorry, I didnt pick up those second question. Well we would expect that would get up into around 11% on a [wild] basis, we havent really put that case together but we would file a case that would pick up the difference between what we are earning currently and what we would ask for in that case.
Michael Lepides - Goldman Sachs: (inaudible) if we ask where you think you are currently earning or at means based on your 2005 filings at the PUCT; I mean in the end of the year filing or your annual report you file every year at that PUCT.
Wayne Leonard: Yes. I think it's around 8%.
Michael Lepides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I am sorry. I thought I signaled that my question has been answered. It has, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: We will move to Andrew Levi with Bear Wagner.
Andrew Levi - Bear Wagner: Hi. How are guys doing?
Leo Denault: Just fine; thanks Andy.
Andrew Levi - Bear Wagner: Just to clarify something. So, the $400 million is what you are going to complete between now and the end of the year but we dont know the missing piece which is how much have you done of that $400 million.
Leo Denault: Effectively thats correct. We typically disclosed during the quarter -- at the end of the quarter what we have acquired during that quarter
Andrew Levi - Bear Wagner: Right, and did you disclosed that this quarter?
Leo Denault: Well the Q hasnt come out yet for the quarter.
Andrew Levi - Bear Wagner: Okay. So, waiting until the Q comes out is kind of a mystery. And there is no other type of hint or guidance or anything like that you can give us an idea of as far as what have been done thus far.
Leo Denault: No.
Andrew Levi - Bear Wagner: Okay. Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Rountos with Talon Capital.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: Hi, good morning. Actually I wanted to touch on the free cash flow for one second. At the Merrill conference, there was a slide in your presentation with the projected free cash flow from '06 to '08 and that was $2.8 billion. What is the comparable number from '07 to '09?
Leo Denault: What we have disclosed in cash available was $1.9 billion and -- and that included at that point in time our previous disclosure but then it also included that we are going to acquire Palisades. What we've done now is roll forward that table from '06 to '08 time to '07 to '09 and that's the comparable number to the 19 is $3.2 billion.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: How were the comparable numbers to the 2.8.
Leo Denault: I will have to look at the 2.8 -- is 2.2.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: So, the free cash flow from '07 to '09 to 2.2.
Leo Denault: Yes, that comparable number.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: So, if I were to take your net cash flow provided by operating activities of 8.3 less 6.1 of plain CapEx plus 1.6 of dividend, thats only giving me like 0.6 billion of free cash flow. What the number there.
Leo Denault: If you look at table 10 in the release, we laid that out. It is the 8.3 less 5.2 of CapEx and then 100 million of deferred dividend and investing cash flows thats about 800 million. That strikes that total which is comparable to the 2.8 of 2.2. And then if you look at common dividends at 1.6 and then the capital structure changes which is our keeping the caps structure flat, now there share repurchases in the like that gets you to the $3.2 billion.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: Okay, so the free cash flow of 2.8 or 2.2 is before the dividend.
Leo Denault: It's before the common dividend.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: Before the common dividend, okay. That is better.
Leo Denault: You will notice we changed the title of it in that current release to subtotal, I suppose to free cash flow to try and eliminate some confusion around that.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: Got it, okay thats make sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Stein with [Eleven Capital].
Neil Stein - Eleven Capital: Yeah, good morning, couple of questions. First, any new plants for your fossil non-regulated assets?
Leo Denault: We dont have any new plans for those Neil. Its pretty much the same plants that we have had all along, just try to find the most -- get the most value out of those as we can. As you know over the course of the last several years we have put in place long term and short term contracts after those plants we have sold, entire plants and we have sold pieces of plants and we would continue to look at all of those opportunities as we go forward but its really just trying to find the -- like we do with everything else, the highest value that we can out of those facilities.
Neil Stein - Eleven Capital: So you dont currently have a sales process in place?
Leo Denault: I guess, I would rephrase that a little bit to, we are always looking to sell the plants or sell the power out of them.
Neil Stein - Eleven Capital: Okay, and then shifting gears to Nuclear business, the production cost are up to around 20.50 for '07. Where do you expect the trend over the next few years?
Michele Lopiccolo: I think you will see a trend within inflation as it goes along, but we continue to factor on how do we adjust these. I mean, what tends to drive it as the NRC has increased its fees, we have Palisades factored into that, as well as the earlier question, we are over the years anticipating (inaudible) integrating some increasing fuel cost. But like we said, we continue to wok with that but I would expect to stay with -- within the rate of inflation.
Neil Stein - Eleven Capital: And then are there any, I guess you've palisades now other -- between palisades and other economies at the North Eastern plants, are there any additional savings you can pickout the plans is there, you know, additional, further initiative you could do?
Wayne Leonard: Well, I think what were doing right now is were looking for those, and I think as we go forward, then further we'll discuss what we think those are. I think clearly were seeing that there should be more opportunities as were able to leverage our cost over a larger fleet of plants.
Neil Stein - Eleven Capital: Okay, and Leo, just one follow-up question on the fossil non-regulated, do you have the tax basis on those assets?
Leo Denault: Not off the top of my head. If you might follow-up with Michele, she can get you that.
Neil Stein - Eleven Capital: Okay, thanks very much, see you at [DEI].
Leo Denault: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Hey guys, good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Just a quick question on -- you made the statement that there no buybacks assumed in 2007, I guess beyond options offsets, but that in the earnings factors that you gave two years, you talked about end of year fully diluted shares in '06 being 213, and then 206 for 2007, can you kind of reconcile those two things?
Leo Denault: Well, the -- what we have and what our estimate would be today, it's probably more like 211. The 213 was what we gave at the beginning although the guidance table hasnt changed from when we started the year.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Leo Denault: So, we would anticipate it would be lower at the end of this year.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: As you go to '06 and '07 without a major buyback?
Leo Denault: Its the averaging concept, if you look at what you're looking at as average shares over the course of the year, and so you finished the 400 million plus options offsets that we didnt have in 2006 guidance, and then you look at it going forward in 2007 and you would just have the options offsets.
Wayne Leonard: The average -- the way you do the averaging in terms of calculating the average shares outstanding is what creates that Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: The way you're saying end of year fully diluted, youre kind of meaning average for the the year?
Leo Denault: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Wayne Leonard: Jonathan it's Wayne, I dont want to leave the impression with anybody that we've decided, there won't be a buyback program that will be extended into next year just like the dividend we havent made a decision to not raise the dividend next year. Those are things that are all on the table, our board started with a process of reviewing the cash flows and the capital expenditures and internal needs in some board meeting last week. They will continue that process in much more detail at the December board meeting and that would give us I think a much better feel at that point in time where we'll stand for '07. We'll also at that time have -- and actually I think we'll have a decision in Texas relative to where we are going to come out there and then, we will be -- we will have -- we'll be close to having the interveners' testimony in Louisiana. So we'll -- by the time we start the first of the year, we'll have a much stronger recommendation to the board in terms of how to play cash for next year. It is like I said that question, we have not asked the question at the board level yet with regard to what their preferences are. But that will be coming up.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you, Wayne.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Shalini Mahajan with UBS.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Good morning.
Leo Denault: Good morning.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Of the 5.2 billion CapEx for ['07, '09], I know Leo you mentioned there would be details in the 10-K? You mentioned there would be more details in the 10K, but could you break this into maintenance versus growth CapEx?
Leo Denault: About 2.7 billion of that is maintenance CapEx and the rest of it would be in the supply plan palisades, some transmission project that allow us to work through the supply plan etcetera.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay and then on the '07 outlooks for the utility, it's showing no growths year-over-year, how should we be thinking about earnings growth from this part of the business going forward?
Wayne Leonard: Let, Rick talk about that since I am giving an evil outlook on that.
Richard Smith: Well, I mean I think it's what we have talked about before, I mean 2007 gets everything kind of [ridded] and then '08 will have the cut through all the storm recovery and then you will see growth off of 2007, and I think we typically have been about 2% to 3% per year.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: And you are assuming a decision on your Entergy Arkansas case by the middle of the year?
Richard Smith: Yes.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: For '07?
Richard Smith: Yes.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay. Okay, alright thank you.
Richard Smith: Thank you.
Wayne Leonard: Thanks.
Operator: And there are no further questions, I would like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Michele Lopiccolo: Thank you operator and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close, we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulations G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 4496801. This concludes our call, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation, thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-08 17:15:00) =====
Executives: Wayne Leonard - Chief Executive Officer Leo Denault - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citigroup Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose Rudy Valentino - Morgan Stanley Michael Lepides - Goldman Sachs Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Greg Gordon - Citigroup Shalini Mahajan - UBS
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation Q2 2006 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Miss Michele Lopiccolo. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Well begin this morning with comments from our CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements, Wayne.
Wayne Leonard - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michele. Good morning everybody. Im pleased to report solid progress since Q1 on our 2006 agenda. Including the continued growth of our unregulated nuclear business to the power phase acquisition announced last month. At the utility we continue to advance our hurricane recovery efforts. We traveled many, many steps forward since hurricanes Katrina and Rita last fall. And well the past recovery may seem incredibly complicated and far too long, we never expected or predicted anything else. The storm damage was unprecedented and we knew recovery of the dollars spend by Entergy will take considerable time given the fact that only the Federal Government can print money and gain state and local consensus on the obligations and the rights. Our investor-owned utilities as exposed to these types of catastrophic risk would not be simple. Given the limited funds and the virtually time-limited needs in the devastated areas that we serve, thus our plans remain unchanged. First of all, we want to collect all the insurance policies we are entitled to. Secondly, we want to secure our fair share from the Federal funding initiatives, like the gulf opportunities on the legislation and community development block grant funding which are critical to mitigating the right impact on our customers. Third, we will seek to achieve securitization for reimbursement from cost from 2005 and to add a safety net storm reserve in our jurisdictions for future storm damages. Lastly, we will continue to work with our regulators to implement right plans and to mitigate the uncertainty and the volatility that customers, owners, the vendors all experience in 2005. I would start with priority one, Insurance. We submitted our first Katrina proof of loss claim in Q1 2006 and received the partial payment. We are continuing to actively pursue remaining payments from our insurers. I would like to report that we expect to resolve remaining claims and questions in relatively short order once again few things are simple when big dollars are involved. It appears that the insurance academies will continue to extend the process in order to resolve the issues. In spite of a time line that will continue beyond 2007, we remain confident about our $382 million estimate for insurance recovery based upon our own insured damages assessments. On our second initiative, Federal funding, we indicated in Q1 that we had received a $344 million income tax refund as a direct result of the Gulf Opportunity Zone legislation pass at the end of last year. This legislation accelerated the timely tax deductions and the related tax refunds that was already entitled to, they had a substantially positive effect on the quality of the system particularly and we are starting to see progress in security and community development block grant money. We applaud Mississippi Governor Haley Barbours commitment to provide community development block grant funding to Mississippi utilities to mitigate the storms financial effects on the Mississippi right pier and we have remain steadfast in our efforts to build the consensus for a similar commitment in Louisiana. In particular, community development block grant funding is crucial. For New Orleans bankruptcy as a financially viable entity that can attract needed capital to rebuild the utility infrastructure and to provide excellent service at reasonably rate level. On a securitization front, on June 30th we file our petition for financing order in Mississippi authoring the state bond commissioned issue system restoration bonds for Entergy Mississippi system restoration and related cause as a result of hurricane Katrina. In addition, we requested financing for an $80 million increase in the storm damaged reserve. In Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco signs securitization legislation on May 22nd. This legislation establishes the framework by which the LPSC would permit securitization, a system restoration cost, and securitization to build the reserve for future storm. In Texas, securitization legislation was passed and signed by Governor Perry in a special legislated session called. Turning to our regulatory recovery initiatives, Mississippi held fast to their aggressive schedule to resolve Katrina related effects on utility to service citizens. On June 28, Mississippi public service commission issued an order authorizing recovery of Hurricane Katrina cost incurred through March 31st 2006, in the amount of $89 million. Its important to know that no cost would disallow the Mississippi proceeding. The dollar difference between the earlier storm filings and the authorized amount for recovery in this proceedings, primarily related to insurance recovery referring certain costs for later recovery, like those related to Hurricane d Rita and the difference in estimates versus the actual. For example, weve since lowered our storm cost estimate for Hurricane Katrina and Rita and Mississippi $530 million. But again, no disallowances. On July 5th, the powerful storm cost recovery in Texas, picking $393 million for cost incurred through March 31st 2006 in connection with Hurricane Rita. Pursuing to the recently passed securitization legislation, the public utility commission of Texas has 150 days to rule on the storm filing. Consequently we expect the decision no later than December 4th at which time our securitization request. In Louisiana, pursuing to our phase one interim storm recovery order, it was approved in February. We have recovered $20 million of storm cost, there is a fuel adjustment costs for Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf State Louisiana. In September, will shift the base rates of the combined rate just under $3 million per month for the two of the Louisiana companies and will continue until phase two levels are determined. On July 31st, we initiated phase two of our storm recovery process in Louisiana on detail support and testimony for $467 million of storm cost at Entergy Louisiana and $200 million of storm cost at Entergy Gulf States Louisiana both incurred through May 31st 2006. We are also seeking the build storm reserves in the amount of $132 million for Entergy Louisiana and $81 million for Energy Gulf State Louisiana. The current procedural schedule on Louisiana call for testimony from the LPSC staff and intervenors in early October. Ultimately in the public hearings in Q1 of 2007 Well seek, that Louisiana securitization and financing order, once we have a storm recovery order in hand, which is scheduled to indicate in early Q2 of next year. And in New Orleans, we continue to work towards the reorganization plans to emerge in chapter 11. The critical part of that plan is our regulatory filings made on June 30th with the New Orleans City council. In those filings, we requested a recovery over a ten-year period with two separate right writers. One for $139 million of storm restoration and related costs incurred in March 31st 2006 and the second, to build a $150 million reserve for future storm. We still anticipate total storm restoration rebuilt off for approximately $275 million plus $355 million for accelerated replacement of the gas distribution system. That replacement will occur over a number of years. As requested our storm filing, we anticipate making simultaneous filings in June and December of each year to update for and recover through the right writers that additional storm costs incurred beyond March 31st 2006.  Finally, we also submitted our annual formula rate plan filing for Entergy, New Orleans for the test year ended 2005. Well, several alternative FRP filings were submitted. We believe the filing adjusted to reflect the current customer base, and to recover all grant gulf cost to the Entergy New Orleans fuel adjustment cost instead of recovering some to base rates is the most reasonable pass forward. But as I said we have provided other alternatives for the councils consideration, thats the regulatory plan for Entergy the financial recovery. As additional costs we were incurred they are recovered through the writer. As insurance policies or community development block grant money is received they are credited to the customer side of the ledger. As a customer account grows the formula rate plan will automatically account for those revenues. Nonetheless we continue to strongly believe that community development block grant money to mitigate the rate impact of the storms just like Mississippi proposes is a sound and prudent use of the money provided to the state and benefits all customers, by increasing their disposable income and supporting the economic development in job growth. In the event community development block grant funding does not materialize, municipalization remains an alternative for the city of New Orleans in order to lower the overall cost of capital and excess federal money available for future storm damage. In June Governor Kathleen Blanco signed legislation paving the way for the city of New Orleans to municipalize the distribution system and the event this staff was determined to be the most optimal outcome. In any event we have the ground work done securitization and municipalization bills passed, insurance and community development block grant money applied for regulatory filings made through out for a variety of outcomes that are consistent with the shareholder rights under the law for mitigating the impact on our customers. Before we turn into nuclear, let me address one more topic the situation in Arkansas, as you may recall from March 31st any further investigation the commission suspended the annual fuel rate increase schedule to take effect in the first billing cycle on April. On a similar note on June 7th the Arkansas public service commission filed the complaint picking the institute of formal investigation and hearings into the prudence of all the Entergy operating companys past practices relating to a host of issues ranging from transition expansion polices, the wholesale power purchasing practices and other generation decisions to gas hedging and purchasing practices all of which are related to production cost differences and any amounts Arkansas may owe under a recent (inaudible) in the system agreement case whats called order 480. With regard to the first issue on June 29th the Arkansas public service commission agreed to implement effective July 1st the annual fuel rate increase, it had previously suspended and to reestablish those procedural schedules resolved issues under investigation in connection with this proceeding. We are confident that our fuel and purchase energy expenditures will be found appropriate and will be recovered. As previously indicated, the Arkansas commission staff reviewed in detail into the Arkansas 2005 actions and decisions and found no improved in action. With regard to the second issue, the prudence of past actions relative to our production cost, we believe that this complain is merely recycling allegations that other parties have previously raised and perceived before the various retail regulators clearly no new evidence was presented in the complaint and no evidence has been presented in any proceeding that would indicate our prior actions for improved. Trying the nuclear, the north east fleet delivered another quarter solid operational performance. The way that that Leo discussed those results some more detail instead of sending -- discuss in a very positive development during the quarter. Our announcement to acquire the power-phase nuclear energy plan. As we have discussed with you in the past, our hurricane recovery as demand the attention of management in recent months we have never taken our eye of the daily operations or management business for the future and power-phase acquisition announcement that offers direct estimates to that end. Our nuclear strategy is unchanged, we seek to become the leading nuclear generator by leveraging our core expertise and nuclear plant operations through continuation of our discipline approach to risk allocation and capital deployment. Power-phase acquisition enables us to advance the strategy by further leveraging our core expertise, nuclear plan operation. The power phase plant will become the third combusting engineering pressurized water reactor in our nuclear fleet. Expands our presence in the new investor market where we successfully demonstrated our ability to improve operations as a -- plant in our management services contract -- plan as part of the larger fleet we expected chief additional operate efficiencies for the power safe plan in the areas of purchasing inventory management and resource sharing. Expansion of our presence to the mid western market also provides the strategic platform for increasing scale through potential acquisitions and/or management services contract. The policys agreement includes a 15 year power purchase agreement for 100% of the plants current output. Obviously the plant will be substantial -- previous earnings immediately given that the marginal cost of finance in the acquisition will be the corporate revolving credit facility. But I assure you our successful bid was made the basis of earning above a project risk adjusted marginal weighted average cost of capital. In closing, let me state that while we were extremely pleased with our progress since Q1, we recognize that much work remains to be done through the end of the year. We remain committed to our mission to catch up to where we expect it to be. On key measures like earnings, dividend ratios as if the storms that never hit and deliver top quartile shareholder returns as we have been accustomed to doing in the past. The path is becoming clear and the finish line is moving in this side as result of the many steps weve taken throughout the year and because obstacles never before encountered are being worked around over time and now I will turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault: Thank you Wayne and good morning everyone. In my remarks this morning I will cover quarterly result. We do our recent progress in nuclear contracting, and discuss our current thinking on our 06 operational earnings guidance, which we are reaffirming to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.80 per share. I will then rap up with our -- an update on our current cash flow and longer term cash available position. Turning to our financial results for the quarter slide 2 shows the Q2 06 as reported earning which include the gain on the sale of the competitor retail business, equal results of one year ago. However, operational earnings in the current period were lower compared to Q2 of 2005. The decrease in operational results came -- lover earnings and utility current and another, while Entergy Nuclear is a non nuclear wholesale business each demonstrated quarter over quarter improvement. Slide 3 shows the decline in utility, parent and other earnings compared to Q2 of last year. The fact is that produced this decline included lower unbilled revenues. The absence of Entergy New Orleans in operational results this period and higher interest expense. Several item served partially offset these factors including additional revenue from sales growth and great action implemented in 05 and early 06. Warmer than normal weather, lower operational maintenance expense and lower income tax expense. Let me provide a few comments on the most significant drivers during the quarter. Starting with unbilled revenues important to keep in mind that this is a normal accrual of revenue for sales not build to customers at the end of each period. Several factors including price volume customer makes and billing cycle changes effect the amount of unbilled revenue recorded. Over the time seen wide variations in the effect unbilled revenue can have on our result and these variations have been both positive and negative. We anticipate that the Q2 unbilled variance will be partially offset over the rest of this year. Turning to sales, let me remind you that our sales data in the release excludes Entergy New Orleans. Looking first at the residential and commercial segments, we saw increases in both even after adjusting for one weather effect. This occurred in all of our jurisdictions this quarter except Louisiana where we are continued to see slower than expected recovery in the areas hardest hit by the storms. Industrial segment was down once again apparently we have seen since hurricanes Katrina and Rita. The decrease was just under 1% compared to last year. All but one large industrial customers back on line. However the refining sectors experiencing extended routine maintenance and we continue to see to the storms affect among our pipeline customers. In addition, high energy prices are squeezing most of the sub segments among the chemical producers such as the (inaudible). Two other items worth noting on our utility plant and the results this quarter are higher interest expense and lower income tax expense. We continue to see higher interest expenses a direct result of increased debt incurred in connection with the funding of storm reservation cost. A lower income tax expense reflects the benefit of the tax deduction taken on an item that is accounted for using closure accounting. This accounting treatment matches the regulatory treatment of this item. Moving out Entergy Nuclear has recorded higher operational earnings per share compared to the same period last year. The increase is being primarily for higher contract pricing which contributed $0.5 in additional earnings Q1 compared to Q2 of 05. Also additional generation made available from the uprate completed at Vermont Yankee earlier this year added to result in the nuclear business. Partially offsetting these factors was higher O&M due at the timing of refueling outage. Outages at two side last year had the affective of lowering O&M at those locations, while there was only one refueling outage in the current quarter. Refueling outage has effected nuclear results in another way as well. Of the refueling outage todays quarter to quarter were comparable to the outage in the Q2 of 2006, is at a large unit resulting in decreased generation available during the current period. Closing out the discussion on quarterly results, we look at the non-nuclear wholesale business. Result for this business in Q2 06 were higher than a year ago. The increase came primarily from the gain recognized during the quarter on the plant modernization of Entergys interest in a power development project. We have been active recently in our nuclear contracting efforts so, it is appropriate to share some additional thoughts on this topic. As reflected on Slide 4, our sold forward profile shows we are well positioned over the next few years. For example looking at 07, we were able to increase our average price to a megawatt hour by approximately $4 with only a 13% increase on our contracted position. We are comfortable with the level of output this is locked up as it is consistent with our risk tolerance and weve reserved some opportunity should prices strengthen. While you notice there 07 position stands in 94% contracting, that does not indicate a shift in our hedging strategy. As always we strive to optimize the value of our position. We have done so by considering market conditions and the opportunities available and by contracting when we believe the price in terms available meet our threshold criteria. Moving now to earnings guidance, Slide 5 reflects the components of our operational guidance for 06. The key drivers have not changed. The utility, parent and other sales growth and improved pricing are expected to make a solid contribution. However higher O&M and higher interest expense will largely offset these positives. The contribution to earnings from nuclear pricing will likely be significant with additional earnings coming from higher volumes of generation increases from pricing and volume and expected to be partially offset the higher O&M interest and other expenses. We realize that the actual effects of each of these items on a full year result may vary somewhat from the mid point estimate shown on Slide 5. However, we continue to see overall operational earnings in the range $4.50 to $4.80 per share and as a final point on Slide 5, I remind you that the result of Entergy New Orleans are excluded from our operational guidance for 06. Slide 6includes a snap shot of our cash flow performance this quarter which was quite solid. In a current period collections of previously deferred fuel cost and higher revenues of Entergy Nuclear increased net cash flow by approximately $200 million. Over the longer term our cash position continues strong as Slide 6 shows our cash available for deployment is nearly $2 billion in the 06 to 08 period after reflecting the recently announced policy of acquisition. In conclusion you may recall that closed financial goals were focused on stability recovery in end grow. As you know we declared victory in our stability efforts before the end of 05. Stability came to our successful work to source $2.5 billion of new capital in debt and equity investment. This was crucial funding to pay for strong restoration and provided with a liquidity. We then turned our attention to recovery and Wayne reported on many encouraging developments in this area in his remarks. We have more work to do however as evidenced by the fact that today weve collected only $35 million of the estimated $1.5 billion with more restoration call. We are cautiously optimistic that our recovery efforts will ultimately be success, which will allow us to focus our attention on growth as we move into 07. We have already taken a significant step forward in pursuit of our growth goal with the purchase of policy and we intend to build upon this progress. You can rest assure that we remain committed to executing our business model with discipline and wont the the side of the importance of financial flexibility and we are committed to consider all capital deployment alternative that contribute creating long-term value. And now I turn to our Q&A session and our senior team is available to respond to your question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Well take our first question from Ashar Khan with SAC.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning, I just want to go over this cash -- does this cash flow forecast include the 100% recovery of the storm proceeds or no?
Leo Denault: It does not.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: It does not, so if you get that back -- that would be an additional billion dollars over the?
Leo Denault: Correct and but it also doesnt include financing plans and thinks like that. So the schedule that we have shown consistent with the way we have been showing and for the last year does not include storm recovery.
Ashar Khan: Okay, can I ask you, I guess these numbers indicate that a buy back like earlier you guys had previously $500 million a year or so, just looking at the earnings level and all that, that kind of a buy back seems to be -- you could that put that back in that level, $1.5 billion over three year period from these cash flow numbers, am I looking at that right, if I go back to the previous buy back and say could you initiate a similar one that is durable with these numbers?
Leo Denault: Well, that the start out the original buy back is actually reflected back in there in terms of finishing the 400 million we have remaining as you recall and then the rational for putting the table out there is to identify that for capital deployment opportunities or there be dividends, buy backs, new nuclear plants like power acquisition or supply assets all of those are possible with that $2 billion that you see on that day.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital:
Leo Denault: Thats a fair assumption given where prices are today as we go forward into 2009 and 2010 thats when we get to the bulk of the unhedged positions being available, and so if market prices remained unchanged, absent other cost initiatives that we have in the like thats when the bulk of those dollars will show up, as when we get out into those -- where the currently unhedged portions around 2009 and 2010.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, and Leo can I just ask you when you expect to share with us your 07 guidance and I guess some reflection of returning of this cash flow either in new investments or to the shareholders. When the new plan could be tabled toward -- to your shareholders, timing of that?
Leo Denault: You know we will probably be looking at whats going on with storm recovery. I think a lot of things go inside with going into the end of this year, the beginning of next year as we get priority around where we are with nuclear pricing and you see weve done a lot in the 07 timeframe already this year, whats going to happen with storm recovery and where the business looks around the end of the year.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, and what about 07 guidance?
Leo Denault: Probably be on the Q3 calls or in the Q4.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with Citigroup. Mr. Gordon, your line is opened.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Sorry about that, can you hear me now? Guys? Sorry, just follow-up to Ashars question. What specific milestones do we need to see sort of knock down or pass for you guys to get comfortable with a reconsideration of increasing the dividend and/or you completing and replenishing the buy back, I know you said that earnings guidance for 07, Q3 is a key mile is probably when you start addressing that but once we are assuming need to have find you in terms of specific storm recovery and restructuring activities to be comfortable with 432 cash to shareholders again?
Wayne Leonard: Greg this is Wayne, yeah, Im not sure that we can define that for you in a way that you are probably satisfied with today what we often talk about is in the account like are -- I mean you kind of know what when you see it, you can target this guy what it like and thats kind of position we are aiming with all the different states, all the moving pieces but there are some key things that I think you should look to just coming up in the future, I mean Louisiana is going to be -- interveners are going to be filing their testimony as you have seen in Mississippi, that way -- fairly quickly there were no disallowances, no major issues really raised there. If in Louisiana that tends to go roughly the same way that there is not a record trying to be created by interveners with regard to you think consistent with the law that would cause us to have to go to court to get -- to protect shareholder rights or is maybe stretching the rules with regards to prudency and things of that nature, then that would be adverse. But if the intervention goes the way it should go, like it is in Mississippi, then that would be a positive sign that is -- with regard to what kind of recovery we would expect to get. Community development (inaudible) in Louisiana is kind of coming down to it. Thats the kind of a key event for New Orleans, we can -- if it doesnt materialize then you know, then we have to start to ramp up other alternatives like (inaudible) if it materializes then we have a whole lot of options ahead of us, including -- if it materializes at a substantial number then we have a whole lot of options relative to moving forward with both (inaudible) or potentially securitization for the storm reserves. And as long as the public sentiment and the regulators sentiment is as constructive as it has been and I think its been extremely constructive over the last few months, then I dont see any reason we have to -- I certainly dont hope we have to get to the end of the road where we have orders in hand and all these type of things in order to start to treat shareholders in a way that will allows this company to attract capital going forward which is always in the best interest of customers. So hopefully you know, were talking about getting clear line aside this year weather or not that means we are able to start doing something, this year or not depends on how clear that line exactly is as you have seen, of course, that it didnt cost us to be timid with regard to palisades. With regards to the investment side you know, we are not going to pass up opportunities when clearly we believe we have -- well have international available on any kinds of scenario. But you know where we are prepared most certainly to on this issue to take it all the way, I mean to go all the way to court or whatever it is to protect the shareholders rights. And we hope that isnt the case. And right now there is no signs that will be the case. But like I said, were very close to it and we are going to look for a nod from Rick and on the regulatory side and a nod from Leo on the credit rating agency side that they are comfortable with where we are headed. And I think the credit rate side already having considerable discussions or plans on having them with them with regard to what they are going to want to see to make sure they are comfortable.
Leo Denault: Greg, one thing I might add, that the form of the recovery is important, community development block grant and securitization give us one profile in terms of the type of opportunities we pursue and if its the normal traditional rate making which recovered over a number of years is a different profile. So thats an important aspect of how this will turns out as well. If again recovery thats one thing because I guess the good news and bad news is, bad news is we already spent most of the money. The good news is we are well on the way to recovery. But if it comes in the form of securitization and block grant, we have one profile that comes in, 30 years of rate recovery is a different profile.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Leo Denault: Thank you.
Richard Smith: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Well take our next question from Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hi, I was just wondering in your forecast, did you include all of the -- did you make any assumptions on the rates increases you should receive, and also in your 5% to 6% growth rate that you mentioned that does not include recovery, etc.?
Leo Denault: In terms of the 5% to 6% growth rate --
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Yeah.
Leo Denault: I guess I would tell you that thats what we put out there as our aspiration in terms of what believe, that we can achieve over a long term. If we go back over the history of the last 10 to 20 year period, 5% to 6% is tough growth overtime. So it really isnt a forecast or say as much as the aspiration that we hold out there on the long-term basis acknowledging that in the near term as I think -- alluded to earlier. Nuclear pricing along could help us achieve that or better. As far as rate release you know projections for 06 we have -- what we had already planned you know if you go back to when we set our guidance back at the beginning of the year we had some opportunities for rate relieve that were associated with things outside of storm recovery, storm recovery is not in that 06 guidance range that we put out.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rudy Valentino with Morgan Stanley.
Rudy Valentino - Morgan Stanley: Hi, I know its been tabled by -- it doesnt appear that your projections are for actually nuclear, it includes palisades, could you kind of give us some type of idea like how palisades would affect some of those numbers?
Wayne Leonard: In terms of our sole forward, palisades for that period is completely solved. So with the add of the megawatts to the table and then just to added those in terms of putting in completely so-forward Ill have that math done in my head at the moment, but palisades for the PPA is 15 years with all the outlet of the plan.
Rudy Valentino - Morgan Stanley: And what about their contract pricing? Can you give us an idea how that number would change?
Leo Denault: The contract price starts in about $43.50 goes up to about $61.50 over the timeframe the average of that is about $51.
Rudy Valentino - Morgan Stanley: And just out of curiosity, is there any like sharing -- like the New York plant that the sharing of your prices -- level is that in this contractor?
Wayne Leonard: No, there is not.
Rudy Valentino - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you very much.
Wayne Leonard: Thank you. Operator Instructions.
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Lepides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lepides - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, couple of the easy regulated questions for utility subsidiary areas. One on NOPSI, how is last on the deterrent position financing and -- or the other Louisiana subsidiary areas, could you talk a little bit about the items listed in the Appendix C regarding the rate increases under the formula rate plans?
Richard Smith - Group President, Utility Operations: Michael under the debt financing for -- we sit at about $50 million right now. So the board authorized that to 200 and that number has move down from the beginning of the year as weve implemented a variety of the regulatory strategies plus the tax refund that Wayne allotted to and then going to a Appendix C and lets see, gulf states we file the formula rate plan adjustment and that was -- let me see here, that was at the end of May and where we -- ourselves $7 million rate increase there that would be implemented in September and then the -- RELL FRP was file mid-May and there was really no changes in the earnings level per se. But we do have an adjustment at $119 million that will be rate increase to recover previously deferred capacity cost relate to -- that has already been approved by the commission that should go in effect in September or so.
Michael Lepides - Goldman Sachs: Going back to the NOPSI deterrent position financing, you say $15 million meaning thats $15 million thats withdrawn or $15 million thats left on the -- on a net financing. Okay and do you expect the other 150 to be drawn on it?
Richard Smith: No I do not
Michael Lepides: Okay thank you guys
Operator: As as a reminder button *1 to ask a question at this time. Our next questions come from Peter (inaudible) Capital.
Unidentified Participant: Good morning thank you. A couple of quick questions first on the precision analysis (inaudible) does that include any forward capital costs including potentially the -- replacement there. 
Leo Denault: In terms of the accretion is first of all its an earnings number and it would include everything that weve got built into our forecast. In terms of Capex, ONM.
Unidentified Participant: Okay what is the incremental Capex from --?
Leo Denault: Well Ill tell you that the, you know, we disclosed with the purchases prices in terms of our go forward capital plan throughout the unit in all thats not something that we would disclose.
Unidentified Participant: Okay, thanks, and then on the non-nuclear wholesale side. Could you help us reconcile the change in the amounts that been hedged or contracted for in the pricing.
Leo Denault: Some of that is just the change in the amounts that have been hedged is basically the role-off of some contract that we are at one plant as well as we had a plan that was out of service that we brought back. So I think by and large thats the majority of those in terms of, you are talking about this whole forward position.
Unidentified Participant: Yes, sir, thank Leo, thats very much.
Wayne Leonard: Peter just -- this is one thing. When Leo said we dont really disclose that. The reason we dont disclose thats is -- is around these bids, we dont have too many competitive advantages, I mean we look at some of our competitors and sometimes we just cant get to where they are, because we just cant get the cost of capital numbers.. Risk adjusted under our methodology is the way we look at risk, for the same place that they do. The place where we think we have the advantage is the vast experience we have in PWRs and PWRs and in the do diligence when we go into these plans, we really overwhelm the plant. And then when there are things that need to be done like capital deployed or things like that that need to be done has in that case -- next few years. We actually bring the do diligence for back and then Gary ___ and his people work a plan to do that the same way as if we already own the plant. So we are not just accepting what may be the owner gives us or whats in the room itself with regard to future capital expenditures or when they will be made or how they will be done or whatever, well actually, thats what our advantage is, is that we work at all the way down to, if we had to do it, we owned it. And thats why  we dont really get into the details of what we, the conclusions we came to in do diligence process with regard to how capital would be deployed, when it will be deployed what the alternatives are for achieving the same types of things thats what our advantage is.
Leo Denault: Thats perfect Wayne thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shalini Mahajan with UBS.
Shalinin Mahajan - UBS: Good morning, a few questions again on acquisition what capacity factor have you assumed for the plant?
Leo Denault: I think thats another one of those items like Wayne was just discussing that we would prefer not to disclose.
Shalinin Mahajan - UBS: Okay, in any color on the capacity factor guarantee so the -- something you can talk about.  Gary feels there is a couple of, Gary you had mentioned.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah, I think. This is Gary -- good morning. Your second question on the guarantees in the month of July and August what we did agree to was the capacity drops below 95%, there is a $20 megawatt hour penalty that would be assessed as part of that but that is factored into the analysis and to your first question what I might add, we do have you know, general guidance as we look, how we operator our fleet and we put that out, I would say that if you look at how we operate our North east, its consistent with how you would see our North --.
Shalinin Mahajan - UBS: Okay and Leo then going back to your comment on why the tax rate was government PWRs and BWRs cash side and just if you could give some color, to what these active tax rates would be for the whole year.
Leo Denault: I am sorry I didnt quite catch that question.
Shalinin Mahajan - UBS: You said that the tax rate was down in the Q2 and to give an explanation or into given explanation for that which I do not completely understand.
Leo Denault: Okay, it has to do with the regulatory treatment of the deduction that we take in the Arkansas around the replacement of the steam generator in ANO. Its traditionally you would have a differed tax that you would set up around on item like that but the way the regulatory treatment is in Arkansas we flow back through. So, as oppose to setting up a different tax including that overtime, it kind of mirrors by cash tax impact of that and you get a current deduction.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Of what is it just a quarter effect or would it probably -- so that --
Leo Denault: We were still in the estimate -- it may be about 36% for the year, yeah, just a quarter.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay, all right thats all thank you.
Operator: And at this time we have no further questions from the phone audience, Ms. Lopiccolo I will turn the conference back over to you.
Michele Lopiccolo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you operator and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulations G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 6479515. This concludes our call, thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference call. We would like to thank you all for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer   Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   Curt L. Hbert, Jr. Executive Vice President, External Affairs   Richard Smith, Group President, Utility Operations   Michael Kansler, President, Entergy Nuclear Northeast   Mark T. Savoff, Executive Vice President, Operations   Michele Lopiccolo, Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Daniel Eggers, Credit Suisse   Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch   Ashar Khan, SAC Capital   Michael Lepides, Goldman Sachs   Greg Gordon, Citigroup   Shalini Mahajan, UBS   Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporation First Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, Ill turn the conference over to Michele Lopiccolo of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michele Lopiccolo, Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Well begin this morning with comments from our CEO, Wayne Leonard, and then Leo Denault, our CFO, will review results. After the Q&A session, I will close with the applicable legal statements. Wayne
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michele. Good morning everybody. Somebody once said that sin is the failure to reach your full potential; guilt is the unlived life. Under those criteria, given the events of the past year, we could all die happy men and women here at Entergy. The damage inflicted to our system over 120,000 sq. miles by the two worst natural catastrophes in our history was exceeded only by the extraordinary response of our employees. Many of whom were displaced from their homes, lost all their personal and real possessions, and were staring directly in the face at months to years of personal stress and trauma, and they never blinked. Theyve exceeded ones expectation of what is possible while living every hour of the very long, long days on the edge, in battle, living a life that matters. Today, were conducting our earnings call from our New Orleans office. After eight months, scattered from Texas to Michigan, this week we finally returned home. The recent decision to return to New Orleans was as disciplined as any decision weve ever had to make. We studied some 172 different functional processes from every conceivable perspective, including numerous contingencies and linkages among the processes. Outside the tabletop analysis, we learned a lot over the last few months in the real, although it seems so real at times the world that we were living. In particular, we learned how we can more effectively conduct business through digital technology and dispersed employees using realtime information. While we have reopened our headquarters office in New Orleans, we have also established primary business offices in other locations to better align functional processes with business needs and to minimize the risk of business interruption in the future. Now, let me turn the discussion to the significant progress we have achieved on our 2006 agenda. At the top of the utilities agenda, after completing system redundancy work once the lights came back on, is the recovery of storm cost, and weve checked out all of activities to the first quarter as planned. Our approach remains unchanged. First of all, we want to collect all the insurance proceeds were entitled to. Secondly, we want to secure our fair share from federal funding initiatives like the Gulf Opportunity Zone legislation and Community Development Block Grant Funding that is critical buying down the rate impact on our customers. Third, we will seek to achieve securitization for reimbursement of storm cost from 2005 and to add a safety net storm reserve in each jurisdiction for future storm damages. Lastly, having pursued storm cost recovery through insurance, federal funds, and securitization bonds, we will continue to work with our regulators to implement rate plans to mitigate the uncertainty and volatility that customers, owners, and lenders all experienced in 2005. Our regulators have been appreciative of the storm restoration efforts and supportive of not only providing some interim relief to address the quizzy issues but also signaling to rate agencies and creditors that they acknowledge the regulatory compact to provide recovery for prudently encouraged storm costs. In addition, they have indicated strong support with some of further recovery approaches like Community Development Block Grant Funding and legislation to allow securitization of the storm cost. Lets start with priority one, insurance. We have received an initial payment from our primary insurer. While the amount was small, it indicates the process is moving forward and insurance is forthcoming. We anticipate it will take into 2007 to receive all insurance proceeds, currently estimated at $382 million. Our second initiative, Federal funding, weve already received a $344 million income tax refund during the quarter as a direct result of the Gulf Opportunities Zone legislation passed at the end of last year. This legislation accelerated the timing of tax deductions and the related tax refund that we were already entitled too. And I have been spending a lot of my time meeting with government officials at all levels and utility commissioners trying to make clear the size of the damage doesnt change the basic principles of law and the simple fact that these are recoverable cost under the regulatory compact, or in landmark Supreme Court cases, like Bluefield Waterworks versus West Virginia Public Service or FPC versus Hope Natural Gas, both of which Im sure youve heard many times before. Ive also been trying to build a consensus that Community Development Block Grant Funding is particularly critical, to establish a rate plan for Entergy New Orleans and achieve agreement that the next few months are absolutely critical to achieve closure on this issue. On the securitization front, efforts are providing results. Securitization legislation was signed by Mississippi Governor, Haley Barbour in March. Not only does the legislation allow for securitization of system restoration cost for Katrina and reserve for future storms, it does server through general obligation bonds of the state. In Louisiana, securitization legislation is also moving forward, having received all but one vote in favor of this legislation in the house. In Texas, on April 17th, Governor Perry called the legislature into a 30-day special session to address finance issues. We have been working for several weeks with various parties to draft the securitization legislation and to obtain support for passage. We expect that this legislation could be taken out during this session if school finance issues are resolved and the Governor opens the call for other issues. Turning to our regulatory initiatives in Louisiana, the commissioner approved interim storm recovery for Entergy Louisiana and for Entergy Gulf States through two mechanisms until final recovery is achieved for our phase two filing. Initially, $20 million can be recovered through the fuel adjustment cost from March through September and then just under $3 million monthly can be recovered through the formula rate plans to the extent 2005 test year formula rate plan filing to be made in May indicates were not earning over the top of the band. On the surface, this is less than we requested. The difference was primarily due to the fact of the LPSC factored in an assumption for insurance recovery. No disallowances were ordered. We expect to make our phase two filing in Louisiana around the end of the second quarter or in the third quarter. In Mississippi, we were encouraged by Governor Barbours stated intent to use Community Development Block Grant Funding to mitigate rate increases for the benefit of Mississippi rate payers. The Commissioner scheduled the issue of final order on June 23rd on the regional list and prudence of our storm cost, at which time Entergy Mississippi will forward the final commission order to the governor to obtain Community Development Block Grant Fund as he has promised. In Texas, we continue to provide updates to the Public Utility Commission Storm Project and we expect to make a final accounting filing on June 1st. The outcome of the securitization legislation in the special session will guide our next action to seek recovery of our storm cost in Texas. In New Orleans, load has remained fairly stable in the city at around 60%. In April the bankruptcy charge extended our exclusivity period for filing a plan of reorganization by four months to August 21st. Turning to other utility initiatives; in Texas, a unanimous settlement was filed allowing for rider recovery of $14.5 million annually for 15 years for transition and competition cost. We expect the PUCT to consider the formal settlement in May. Combined with the capacity rider approved by the PUCT in December, these two legislative riders are equivalent to roughly two-thirds of the rate request that was filed in 2004, but was denied pending legislative action on the rate freeze issue. Implementation of these two riders will obviously contribute to improved returns and clearly help close the gap between our 8.2% ROE earned in Texas in 2005 and our return which is just under 11%. And through another project initiated by the PUCT, were evaluating qualified power region alternatives. In order to authorize customer choice, the PUCT must first certify qualified power region. Our goal is to reach consensus with enough market participants to make substantially uncontested retail open access filings by the end of this year as called for by the Texas Legislation. In Louisiana, initial testimony was filed last week outlining plans for jurisdictional separation at Entergy Gulf State. Assuming all parties can reach an agreement, potential implementation of the jurisdictional separation could occur in mid 2007. On a less positive note, actually considerably less positive, in Arkansas, the Commission suspended the annual fuel rate increased schedule to take effect in the first billing cycle in April pending further investigation, and a week later issued a show cause order on perspective elimination of our fuel recovery mechanism and requiring a current cost of service study by June 8, 2006. Entergy Arkansas filed for rehearing of the Commission orders requesting that the fuel rate increase be implemented in May subject to refund as the Commission extends its show cause order. Were confident that our Fuel Purchase Entergy Expanders will be found appropriate. This is a case where theres good law and there are good facts. For example, the Arkansas Commission staff reviewed in detail Entergy Arkansas 2005 actions and decisions and found no imprudent action, and the staff has filed testimonies supporting Entergy Arkansas request to implement the fuel rate increase subject to refund. Moving on to another key initiative at utility; we issued our final RFP for 2000 megawatts of long-term supply resources on April 17th. Through this process, well evaluate a self-billed solid fuel option of Little Gypsy units relocated near Laplace, Louisiana, compared to other third-party proposals obtained through RFP process. Were considering adding two coal and ore, coke fuel circulating through fluidized bed boilers to provide about 500 megawatts from an old gypsy self-billed option. This project represents the opportunity to diversify our fuel mix and leverage an inexpensive fuel resource, petcoke, particularly since Little Gypsy is located in the area that some would refer to as the Saudi Arabia for petcoke supply. The Little Gypsy site is located in the South Region, a load pocket system and therefore a very attractive location for additional generation. Were targeting an end-of-the-year selection and as in the past, well seek formal regulatory orders to assure risk and returns appropriately defined prior to transacting. Turning to the Federal front, our key initiatives are moving into new phases. In April, we made our compliance filing, outlined our plans to implement FERC ruling in the system agreement case. Under the compliance filing, any payments will be recorded as purchase power expense and will be payable over a 12-month period commencing no sooner than June 1, 2007. Payments will be based on actual production cost of the previous year ended December 31st. Another positive development, FERC conditionally approved our Independent Coordinator Transmission proposal and extended the initial term of the ICT from two to four years finding that substantial benefit can be got to market participants and to introduce new FERC customers. FERC indicated that Entergys ICT proposal was intended to improve and expanse the transmission information, enhance transmission excess, and relieve transmission congestion. Further, with limited modifications FERC concluded that the ICT proposal is consistent with and/or superior to the Open Access Transmission Tariff. Obviously, were pleased with that outcome. Well review the order and modifications with out retail regulators to ensure their continued support, and over the next two months well submit a compliance filing and an executed ICT contract to FERC. We expect that the ICT operations will commence within 30 days of the final approval. Turning to Nuclear, the Northeast fleet delivered another quarter of solid operational performance. The Northeast fleet achieved the capacity factor of 97% and production cost and for megawatt hour consistent with expectations and $19 to $20 per megawatt hour range. We also saw improvement in the average realized price for sales with an increase of 7% as a result of re-contracting efforts and the decision to take measured market risks by leaving a larger portion of our portfolio open to capture the historical risk premium and the spot versus the forward market. And after more than 29 months, and the most extensive engineering view of any upgrade, including a unanimous approval recommendation from the Advisory Committee on reactor safeguard, the NRC issued a license amendment for up to 120% of your Vermont Yankees free upgrade power. Power expansion began in early March and currently stands at 17.5%, as we evaluate performance data and begin taking the final steps to achieve the full upright. Were also moving to the next stage of our Northeast fleet, the license extension application process. In March, the NRC informed us that our license renewal applications for Vermont Yankee and Pilgrim were acceptable, complete, and would be docketed with an opportunity for hearing. The schedule calls for a 22-month review and approval process if no hearing is requested and a 30-month review if the hearing is requested. Finally, we closed on the sale of our competitive retail business and have got to a more natural owner, Direct Entergy. I started by saying that due to the extraordinary efforts and successful response to the massive storm damage we could die happy. Knowing we fought a good fight and a just cause and emerged victorious. Thats true, except for one big thing. Last year was miserable in terms of our financial success. Granted its a hard life when your customers take off to other states and they dont come back for months and you have to front the payment of $1.5 billion in total storm damage cost while you wait for the recovery process to play out. But despite the storm restoration success, there is no joy here and what could happily have been called mud bill just a few months ago. Last year was a strike out financially and time will not change that. Its history now. We failed to meet our standards for delivering value to our owners and it feels just like the numbers Leo will show you in a moment, miserable. We are on a mission to return to where we would have been if the storms had never hit until we have topped shareholder returns as we have been accustomed to doing. The line of sight is still not as clear as we would like, but we know your expectations and I assure you ours are higher. And now Ill turn the call over to Leo.
Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Wayne and good morning. In my remarks this morning I will cover quarterly results and review our currently liquidity position. I will then close with an assessment of our first quarter performance in the context of our full year earnings guidance and fault on what we see ahead. Turning to our financial results for the quarter, Slide 2 shows the first quarter 2006 as reported, and operational results were higher compared to one year ago. Operational results increased 13% with the higher results coming from utility, parent, and Entergy Nuclear. In addition, the clich associated with our stock repurchase program contributed to results again this quarter. Slide 3 shows utility parent, and other earnings rose compared to the first quarter of last year. Several factors compared to produce the higher results in this business including higher revenues from constructive raid actions including the addition of Perryville and Attala plants, increased margins on wholesale sales, and accretion from the share repurchase program. During first quarter this year, utility, parent, and other did incur higher O&M expense. Some of these higher costs were expected and are being recovered in rate including increased storm reserves and costs associated with the Perryville and Attala plants. Higher nuclear expenses also increased O&M at the utility. These increases along with higher interest expense in connection with storm cost, financing, and the impact of milder than normal weather partially offset the factors that led to higher results at the utility. In looking more closely at utility sales, we saw solid increases in the residential and commercial sectors on a weather-adjusted basis. The increased sales this quarter resulted from the return to a pattern of more typical growth in those service areas without serious storm damage. In the industrial sector, we experienced a decrease of 4% this quarter compared to last year. We still have two large refineries, customers of Entergy Louisiana whove not yet returned to full service. We expect one of the refineries currently offline to return to full service shortly with the other likely coming back by the end of the second quarter. On our last quarters earnings call, we noted that a chemical plant in the Entergy Gulf States Louisiana territory suffered severe damage and would not reopen. An update to that situation is good news and that this customer now plans to reopen at about 50% capacity. Entergy Nuclears operational earnings per share reflected higher results compared to the same period last year. The increase is due primarily to higher generation due to fewer outage days this quarter and power upgrades, also our contract pricing lead to improved results in this business. Partially offsetting these factors was higher O&M due primarily to the effects of refueling outage timing. In the first quarter last year, we had 20 days of refueling outage at Indian 3. During outages, planned expenses are deferred and amortized over the ensuing run cycle of 18-24 months. This had the effect of lowering O&M in the first quarter of 2005 relative to the current period when there was not refueling. Closing out the discussion of quarterly results, we look at the non-nuclear wholesale assets business. Results in the first quarter of 2006, were lower than a year ago when this business realized the benefits from the sale of SO2 allowance. There were no sales of SO2 allowances in the current period, which led to lower results compared to a year ago. As reflected on Slide 4, net cash flow from operating activities was up significantly compared to the first quarter of 2005. One factor for the higher cash flow was the receipt of a $344 million tax refund. It is important to understand that while positive this is essentially a tax timing difference. The refund of this magnitude was made possible because we incurred tax losses in excess of $1 billion associated with Hurricane Katrina damage. I should also mention that we will realize additional tax deductions going forward in connection with casualty and property losses as well as bonus depreciation associated with Hurricane Rita, but we will not be seeing a large tax refund similar to this year. These deductions will reduce our overall tax expense in the future. Other factors contributing to higher cash flow this quarter were collections of deferred fuel balances at utility and higher revenues at Entergy Nuclear. The current quarters improvement in net cash flow from operating activities follows two of the weakest OCF quarters for the utility in recent history. With restoration activities essentially complete, we ended first quarter 2006 with more than $750 million of cash on hand and our gross liquidity stood at $3.5 billion. This untapped borrowing capacity ensures we are able to fund future unforeseen events. That said it is important to note that since last August, we spent $1.3 billion in storm cost, yet weve recovered less than $30 million. This is evident in our net debt ratio, which is increased to 15%. Slide 5 demonstrates the important distinction to be made between funding and recovery of storm cost. Funding relates specifically to obtaining the cash needed to pay our storm cost when they are incurred. Recovery is our actual collection of revenue in future periods to offset storm cost. For example, our $2.5 billion financing program and the tax timing benefits we received this quarter are temporary funding sources, but we still require recovery on some combination of insurance, Federal assistance, securitization, and customers. Wayne offered updates on each of these efforts, so I wont reiterate the detail. I will, however, emphasize that securitization is a highly efficient financial mechanism for both customers and the company. As such, we will continue to focus on getting securitization in place, but we will also pursue the other recovery initiatives shown on this slide. Moving now to earnings guidance, Slide 6 is the same slide I shared with you last quarter. It has not changed because of the components of our as-reported and operational expectations for the current year have not changed. We continue to see 2006 as reported earnings in the range of $4.78 to $5.08 per share with operational earnings in the range of $4.50 to $4.80 per share. Both ranges exclude results from Entergy New Orleans. It should be no surprise to you that we continually assess our performance across a range of factors including our earnings projection. I will take a few minutes now to share with you our view on our performance to date compared to our guidance assumption. In establishing 2006 guidance, we anticipated that non-storm related rate actions at the utility would contribute to earnings this year. We also projected that the continuation of storm-related outages at Entergy Louisiana would serve to offset a portion of that contribution. We can now see evidence of these assumptions getting to materialize in the first quarter. At the utility, we expected to see higher operating and maintenance expenses for reasons ranging from inflation to additional plants being added to the utility. While somewhat moderated in first quarter, higher O&M for the year continues to be likely, and finally, we knew higher interest expense would impact results. The financing cost associated with storm restoration was clearly declined in this projection held through in the first quarter. Looking ahead, we expect to see some ongoing effect of higher financing cost at least in the near term. As we reflect on utilitys performance in the first quarter, we know that not everything went in our favor. For example, one obvious factor that differed from our expectation was weather, from a guidance perspective we assume normal weather. But for the first quarter, we reported an earnings of $0.06 per share due to milder than normal weather. In nuclear, we expected higher contract and market energy pricing and higher generation from upgrades as well as fewer outages would boost results. Each of those factors indeed added to the results in the first quarter. However, spot electricity prices and prices for the remainder of 2006 in the Northeast are lower than the $83 in megawatt hour we assumed in guidance. In spite of this, we know that prices are volatile and there are any number of factors that can move prices up or down over the next three quarters. Also at nuclear, we expected to see higher operating and maintenance expenses, and that was the case in the first three months of this year. As we assess our overall performance today, we continue to believe our current earnings guidance ranged for both as reported and operational earnings are appropriate, with some factors that worked for us this quarter like utility sales growth in the residential and commercial sectors. We also had some go against us like weather and market prices. With three quarters to go, we know there is a potential for a number of variables to materialize. As we look beyond first quarter, we remain committed to achieve positive outcomes for those variables which we control. It is important to acknowledge that our recent financial performance in terms of shareholder returns does not meet the standards we have established for our company. Slide 7, a chart many of you will recognize as one weve used often in presentations, reflects our shareholder return performance over the past 15 months. The decline in our performance is evident and we could offhandedly defend it as being attributable to events beyond our control. However, we know it is our responsibility to manage through even the most difficult of times. Beyond improving the view shown on Slide 7, we will not lose sight of our long-term aspirations as shown on the bottom of Slide 8. Our first quarter results have gotten us off to a solid start on our earnings growth aspiration. However, the remainder of our aspirations is tied closely to our success in the storm recovery process. Specifically, our return metrics are shaping well, but still storm financing has put up our debt ratio, and related to this our credit quality has come under additional scrutiny. Dividend growth stunted by the financial impact of the hurricane cannot be seriously reconsidered until we have a line of sight on the cost recovery process. This year finds us off to a good start with much more work to be done. In summary, weve been faced with some of the most challenging financial periods in our companys history. In a period of eight months, we have funded approximately $1.3 billion of storm cost, financed $300 million of fuel costs, executed a $2.5 billion financing plan, managed the cash resourcing effort for one of our subsidiaries spurred by a liquidity crisis in a Chapter 11 proceedings, and navigated the challenges to our credit quality coming for intense scrutiny over storm cost recovery process. This difficult period has not gone by without financial consequences to our company. The chart shown on Slide 7 tells the story and it can be quantified. The decline in these market values since 2005 is nearly $2 billion, but we have a clear view of the path to recapture this value and we think of this path of three inter-related phases. We have stabilized our financial situation, which was our first phase, and are now well into phase two, the recovery phase. This phase is included and will continue to include a collaborative effort with key governmental and regulatory parties. While we have achieved some level of success in the recovery phase, more work remains. Finally, we have never lost sight of the importance of growing our business, and growth is our third phase. Additional progress in recovery will allow us to devote our energies for executing our supply plan initiatives, including the potential for self-build options. At Nuclear, we will take measured market risks, capture upsides, while aggressively managing costs and pursuing new acquisitions and contracting opportunities, and we will be positioned to execute out-of-capital deployment opportunities, including evaluating the dividend and additional share repurchase. We now turn to our Q&A session and our senior team is available to respond to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. For our telephone audience, if you do have a question at this time, please signal by pressing the * key followed by the digit 1 on your telephone keypad. Well proceed in the order that you signal us and take as many questions as time permits. If you are using a speaker phone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again that is * and 1 if you do have a question. Well pause for just a moment to assemble the roster. The first question will come from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers, Credit Suisse: Hi good morning. First question; you guys have done a very good job as far as managing the balance sheet to avoid a contingency event. With some nuclear assets apparently in the market for sale, how do you guys think about it approaching those acquisitions? Are you going to look and be involved or do you wait until more of the storm cost recovery is squared before you start reallocating bigger chunks of capital?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Dan, this is Wayne. I think weve said before on nuclear assets, while were interested, I think like you said weve done a good job of providing for various events and contingencies from this in the past and the financing we put in place last year. Anytime we look at share buyback, dividend increases, we always leave ourselves some headroom for the potential that nuclear assets in particular would become available in the marketplace. So, to the extent that those come up, we feel like maybe were not as well positioned as we might have been a year ago or might be six months from now or whatever. But, by the time a plant would close, we expect to be better positioned maybe than weve ever been financially, but well be interested.
Daniel Eggers, Credit Suisse: Great. Next question; I know you guys talked about it a little bit, but just on the CDBG Federal block allocations particularly in Louisiana, can you give an update? I know that there was a 60-day window and all applications were supposed to be in mid-April, it sounds like thats been delayed, but could you give a little color on whats going on in Louisiana and how dependent money coming your way will be on additional capital coming out of the budget reconciliation?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Well let Cut Hbert address that issue with Dan.
Curt L. Hbert, Jr. Executive Vice President, External Affairs: Dan, Curt, good to talk to you. Let me just tell you, this is still a little bit up in the air exactly when the dates will fall, but were looking for and what were hearing is that youre going to see something in the third quarter as to the application being handed up to hood. Obviously that would set something up for the fourth quarter that could be very positive for the right payers and shareholders of the company. But having said that, there is also a supplemental package which were looking at coming from Congress in the neighborhood of $5.2 billion of which were saying $4.2 billion would go to Louisiana. There has been allocation already talked about with the initial Louisiana plan. If you remember, they set aside $1.24 billion for infrastructure, the utility dollars are not clear as to whether or not theyre included in that at this point, but we are looking for that $4.2 billion to really add to what can be done through Louisiana.
Daniel Eggers, Credit Suisse: Got it, thank you. Last question; now that you guys are finally making your way home from a corporate perspective, I believe at one point in time you had said the headquarters needs to be in place where you do business, what should we read into the move back to New Orleans at this point?
Curt L. Hbert, Jr. Executive Vice President, External Affairs: I dont think theres a lot to read into that other than our confidence that the city of New Orleans is going to recover despite everything you see on television and all the challenges that New Orleans faces. It is making progress every single day and there currently are sentiments not just in New Orleans but all around the country that this city needs to recover. There are issues from the past that need to be addressed. We are in an election period with both candidates for Mayor committed to addressing those issues, reestablishing the public schools, there are learning centers, providing more green space, mass transportation, all the issues that have held the city back, and I think the one thing you should read into our location here is the simple fact that we believe in the recovery of the city and that it is taking place.
Daniel Eggers, Credit Suisse: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, moving on Steve Fleishman with Merrill Lynch
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Could you elaborate a little more of whats going on in Arkansas with respect to kind of theI think it was a decision to actually also have you file a case and give any data on what the recent returns on equity have been in Arkansas.
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Yes Steve, Ill let Rick Smith go through that. He has a pile of papers about whats happeninghes in the hot seat ever since they filed that, so he looks prepared.
Richard Smith, Group President, Utility Operations: Good morning Steve. We were surprised and disappointed with the Commissions action as it related to the annual ECR, but we do recognize there was a substantial increase in our fuel rates and they have a desire, a need, to really review our cost. But our feeling was that we disagree with the actions they took by sustaining the ECR increase and that they should have put that into effect and review the costs going forward. In fact Arkansas law provides that utilities can recover prudently in fuel and in fact the APSC staff has no evidence of doing prudent action on the part of EAI and agrees with us that those rates should be in effect. So, we have made a series of filings asking for rehearing on their two orders, and the second is a show cause order that were working on today to comply with and we will make all the necessary studies and testimonies by June 8th, called forward in that show cause order and were very confident, were going to be able to just demonstrate that our actions were not only prudent but were also in the best interest of the customers of Arkansas, because these increases clearly were a function of some unprecedented gas price increases due to hurricanes in the Gulf last summer and a force majeure declaration coming out to coal suppliers to the EAI coal plants in Arkansas. So, like I said, were highly confident that well be able to show in that June 8th proceeding that it was not only prudent but in the customer interest. That would be separate and distinct from what were looking at, because we would have expected the ECR to have been put in effect. Thats separate and distinct from what were looking as it relates to a rate request in Arkansas, and were working on those numbers and that filing right now, and we expect to make that filing in the third quarter of 2006.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Okay, but is the ROE that you earned in either 2005 are trailing or forecasted?
Richard Smith, Group President, Utility Operations: Well, we dont give out those numbers, and I think you can look up in your own calculation, but there is definitely a need for a rate increase in Arkansas.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Okay, but I guess a general question on the whole moving from storm recovery back to kind of shareholder from the actions, say that the company  and this I guess is addressed to Wayne  I mean, what are really the trigger points for that transition, because youre making some progress  not full progress  but it seems like youre financially healthy status quo and even more as storm recovery flows through. So, I guess what is really the trigger that kind of goes back to where you were before?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Well, there are two big things that are going to drive that. Certainly the Northeast power prices that were getting out of nuclear is certainly a boost that we hadnt counted on originally, and then I think securitization of the storm cost is really critical to making that big leap. If you dont give securitization, then youre facing a much longer period of time of recovery. We have tests I think in Louisiana where at one time they established storm reserves they took the debt of balance over five years and then they established the average of the last ten years as far as your storm reserve and added them together. That will be a long haul to recover the money were down right now. So, the securitization piece, I think getting that in place is absolutely critical to getting us back to where we need to be as a company and where we should be as a company given the extraordinary effort and the fact that weve had a heartening season again. I dont think they need to push these issues behind them before the next season comes up. So, really looking towards securitization as far as I think in advance that puts this really behind us and with these power prices being a kind of a boost to getting back to any ground that we might have lost while we wait for securitization. I dont know if Leo has anything particularly to add to that, but I think thats going to be a big issue for the board.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Just kind of legislative approvals of doing securitization?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think once you get that done, my sense in talking to anybody whoever listens is, everybody understands securitization and it makes a lot of sense. The LPSC directed us to go out and do that. Mississippi has moved kind of a step beyond Florida in terms of general obligation bond, and I think even the strong industrial customers that weve had differences of opinion with in Louisiana over the years, our sense is that they understand the securitization role. Like Leo said, its an efficient way to provide for this, and its finding a way for alternatives; in Florida it is just proving that.
Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Moving on to Ashar Khan with SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan, SAC Capital: Good morning. Could you just go back to the comment you made that the prices have come down versus what was anticipated, the $83 megawatt hours in the forecast, could you just tell you what the curve youre seeing right now is, or I guess the weighted average for your region similar to the $83 that you had in the January 2006 number?
Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Its down into probably balance of the year around the $70 to $73 range, and as weve said before, the more open position we have the more volatile thats going to be going forwards. We have the ability to leave as much as 15% open and we did have the 91% of the portfolio going into 2006, but prices have come off on the front end down to that; balance of the year was probably around $70 to $73. They havent come down as much in the backend, and more stable out in the years beyond 2006.
Ashar Khan, SAC Capital: Okay, and then could you just mention what timeframe can the plantyouve mentioned, I guess, out of the operate, I forget the percentage, you were at 17% or something you mentioned, what timeframe can you be at 100% of your operate, whats the program on that, how soon can it go to the 100% operate level?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Ashar Ill let Mike Kansler answer that. Mike runs our Northeastern fleet operations and as you all know he does an extraordinary job up there. Hes sitting here today, so Ill give him a chance to address that.
Michael Kansler, President, Entergy Nuclear Northeast: Thank you Wayne, good morning Ashar. We actually are doing some analysis and some instrumention readings that we got when we got up to about 117% to 118%. We expect that analysis to take us about a week to get through and redo some curve limits that we had to stick to, and then we expect to bump to last couple of percents towards the end of next week. So right now, the debt that were seeing is not going to hold us back.
Ashar Khan, SAC Capital: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, moving on to Michael Lepides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lepides, Goldman Sachs: Hi guys, a quick question on the non-regulated nuclear and then one question on the regulated businesses. At Entergy Nuclear, for the new contracts that were signed this quarter for the 2008-2009 timeframe, at roughly what price on a dollar per megawatt hour were those signed?
Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Michael, those are in the high 70s range.
Michael Lepides, Goldman Sachs: For 2008-2009?
Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, those were some of the strongest prices weve seen yet. But the market I guess I should say is pretty strong out there, so thats around the high 70s.
Michael Lepides, Goldman Sachs: And on the regulated side, thinking about rate-based growth long term, you forget the RFP EOI, I think its the 500-600 megawatts of base load at Little Gypsy, are there any other plans for new base load generation for the regulated subs?
Richard Smith, Group President, Utility Operations: That would be the first base load plan that wed be looking at, but were doing on RFP that looks into up to 2000 megawatts of capacity. A portion of that, again, would be related to load following assets similar to Perryville and Attala, so I would expect something to come out of the RFP, but similar to what we saw with Perryville and Attala that might be attractive to add to the portfolio. So that will take place over the next month or two where we get those bids in, and towards the end of the year where well be ready to look at may contracting on one of them. So, there is some additional opportunity around some planned assets coming out of the RFP.
Michael Lepides, Goldman Sachs: Thats great, thank you guys, welcome back to New Orleans.
Operator: Thank you, moving on Greg Gordon with Citigroup.
Greg Gordon, Citigroup: Thanks. Wayne, I know the timing for you guys to start repatriating cash back to shareholders, its not to a large degree under your control, so if we just look out to year end 2007, I would assume that at some point between now and then well get a clear enough view on storm cost recovery to go to the board with a strategy, what is your target, is that CAP ratio, EBITDA interest coverage and/or dividend payout ratio?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Leo, hit that one.
Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Greg. Right now I guess you can say that were still operating under the metrics that weve had over time to keep our debt ratio around 50% and having the payout ratio CAP at 60% and top quartile dividend growth, and also going back and forth between making that analysis that we always do between investments, share repurchases, and dividend increases. Over time we know that those metrics are continually reevaluated. We just have to change them. As you know, prior to the storms we were in a position to have done a significant amount of repurchases over the last several years as well as having two stepwise increases in the dividend. We hadnt actually gotten very close to those CAPs or those metrics, and over time we know that prior to the storms and prior to the outflow because of the storms, we were getting into a position to continue down that path. We will likely have to look at all of those again when we start to develop that strategy going forward, when we get a clear line of sight of whats going on with storm recovery. Well go back to the board and well talk to them about the dividend payout ratio CAP, what kind of growth rate we should see, what kind of catch up may or may not be done both payer and on the repurchase program. So, were still operating under those same metrics that we talked to you about in the past, but as we go forward well probably revisit those and maybe theyll stay the same and maybe they wont.
Greg Gordon, Citigroup: Well, just to clarify that, when you made your presentation at the EI conference last year, you indicated that you wouldnt be satisfied with just getting back on track in terms of getting on a trajectory towards reaching those goals that you would want through investors, so that on the backward-looking basis youd still be able to show that you would have had over time top quartile dividend growth and that you had efficiently redeployed cash back to them, is that a fair regurgitation of your position?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thats absolutely the goal. Like we have said, weve already started the process. Like Leo said, weve already started the process and we just finished the board retreat where Leo went through numerous scenarios of how to get back to that level, what its going to take to get back to that level, how we could do it and still maintain the risk profile that the board is comfortable with, so all those initiatives have been assigned to people and theyre working on them.
Greg Gordon, Citigroup: Thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you, moving on Shalini Mahajan with UBS.
Shalini Mahajan, UBS: Good morning. Could you talk about the ongoing legislative session at Vermont and how bills that are proposing legislative approvals for license extension at the Vermont Yankee nuclear plant?
Michael Kansler, President, Entergy Nuclear Northeast: Yeah, I can speak to that, Mike Kansler. We just had the house rep there who just basically took a senate bill that was passed last year, which actually requires the legislature to approve both re-licensing and dry fuel storage for Vermont Yankee beyond 2012 when the current license expires, and they modified that bill to say that the legislature only needs to approve license renewal. You dont have to come to the legislature twice for license renewals and dry fuel. You just need to come once and both will get that. That needed to be done before the plant can go to the public service board and seek a certificate of public good for both of those items beyond 2012. So, there was already legislation up there that said the legislature had their hands in re-licensing and dry fuel beyond 2012. Theyve now simplified the process and with current bill that sits in the house, were awaiting to see what happens in the senate. So, were basically working through the legislature, but as far as continued operation through 2012 we have our CPT for dry fuel storage now, Vermont Yankee, and we will seek license renewal and continued dry fuel storage beyond 2012 as we approach the 2012 timeframe.
Shalini Mahajan, UBS: Okay, and as I look at your contract coverage for 2007, youre 81% contacted, is that the level that youre comfortable with or could you look clearing some more hedges there?
Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thats what were comfortable there now. Were actually is in a position that is more hedged than the limits would allow us. As we approach the end of the year, we would work ourselves to be at a maximum of probably 15% open. So, as we get closer to the end of the year our hedge limits would force us to get a little bit more hedged than that and we may chose to go farther than that if the point of view around the market pricing and the opportunities that we have present themselves.
Shalini Mahajan, UBS: Okay and then one last question. Leo, you indicated that you play around some hedges of eight or nine which at high 70s per megawatt hour, I was just doing some back of the analog calculations for nine, and my calculations were suggesting some of them could be maybe low-to-mid 80s as well, this was for nine, so I just want to know if Im in the right ballpark there or not?
Leo Denault, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In that high 70s, in the ballpark they do get into that range, yes.
Shalini Mahajan, UBS: All right, thanks Leo.
Operator: Well move on to Paul Rizdon with KeyBanc.
Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets: As we looked at your RFP, is the Arcadia plant that well situated that you could do something with that?
J. Wayne Leonard, Chief Executive Officer: Let me have Mark Savoff answer that. Mark is head of operations and the Arcadia plant falls under Mark and well let Mark address that.
Mark T. Savoff, Executive Vice President, Operations: Good morning and thanks Wayne. Yes, the Arcadia plant is one that were looking at as well as a number of other opportunities that are out there that we hope that the various constituencies submit into the RFP, so thats as good a plan as any of the other ones that could be brought in.
Paul Rizdon, KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Michele Lopiccolo, Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you operator and thanks to you all for participating this morning. Before we close we remind you to refer to our release and website for Safe Harbor and Regulations G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code 6287406. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: That does complete todays conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-03 07:15:00) =====
Executives: Michele Lopiccolo, Investor Relations   Leo P. Denault, Chief Financial Officer   Richard Smith, Group President of Utility Operations   Curt Hebert, Executive Vice President   Gary Taylor, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon, Citigroup   Ashar Khan, SAC Capital   Kit Konolige, Morgan Stanley   Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch   Daniel Ford, Lehman Brothers   Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs   Neil, Asset Management   Terran Miller, UBS   Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates   Zack Schreiber, Duquesne Capital 
Presentation:
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Entergy Corporations Fourth Quarter 2005 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for introductions and opening comments, I would like to turn the call over to the Investor Relations, Ms. Michele Lopiccolo. Please go ahead maam.
Michele Lopiccolo, Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Well begin this morning with comments from our CFO, Leo Denault. After the Q&A session I will close with the applicable legal statements. Leo.
Leo P. Denault, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Michele, and good morning. Let me begin by offering Waynes sincerest apologies for not being able to participate in the call this morning. Unfortunately he has completely lost his voice so he cant address you today. Therefore I will attempt to incorporate some of what he was going to cover in my remarks, and between me and the rest of the management team we will do our best. I will begin then by providing you with an update of our recent accomplishments before moving into my typical explanation of quarterly and full year results, then Ill close with the discussion of earnings guidance and Ill try to put that guidance in the context of the goals we are working to achieve in 06 and beyond. Before summarizing our recent accomplishments, I would like to start by reminding you where we were headed before the storms. In mid-summer we are actively executing on a major share repurchase program and we were evaluating another staple activity in the increase. Our utility was pursuing cost management initiatives in both healthcare and support service areas while also pursuing generation acquisitions under its buy plan. In Nuclear, we were continuing to demonstrate operational excellence with the goal of applying our expertise to newly acquired or contracted plan. In addition, we were completing a multi-year productivity improvement initiative in executing our contracting and hedging strategy. Then the two hurricane struck our utility, putting many although not all of these initiatives on hold. I provide these context to emphasize that everything we accomplished in the fourth quarter and what we hope to accomplish in the coming quarters is aimed at getting us back to where we were. From our perspective, getting back to where we were requires focus on three areas: stability, recovery and growth. And I am pleased to report we made progress in all three fronts. In the area of stability our most important fourth quarter achievements were operational. We successfully navigated through accomplished challenges to stabilize and repair our utility system so that we could again provide service to our customers. At the same time we stabilized our headquarters operations by relocating 1500 employees to safe work location with minimal disruption or productivity loss. From a financial perspective, we restored stability to our balance sheet by executing the financial plan that we announced in November. This plan provided need of liquidity, also providing excess capacity should another two-sigma event occur in the future. As part of that plan we completed a new $1.5 billion corporate revolver for the parent, we issued $500 million of operating company debt, we marketed $500 million of equity units. You might recall this amount is at the lower end of half a billion to a billion dollar range we were considering. And finally we infused $300 million of equity into Entergy Gulf States. This infusion helped the subsidiary with the highest overall restoration costs, to maintain its liquidity and its investment grade credit rating in anticipation of obtaining some form of cost recovery. During the fourth quarter we began advancing our storm recovery initiatives, the second focus area that we view as key to getting us back to where we were before the storms. At the federal level, the Gulf Opportunity, its own legislation; and the Katrina Relief bill were both passed. The Go Zone legislation as it is generally called permits public utilities to elect a 10-year net operating loss carry back for casualty losses due to Katrina. This will allow the utility to accelerate the timing of certain income tax deductions on future tax returns. The Katrina Relief bill provided $11.5 billion of community development block grants and included language that permits funding to be provided to publicly owned utility. The Department of Housing and Urban Development has allocated specific amounts to each of the states affected by Katrina, Rita and Wilma who in turn will administer the grants. We intent to pursue CDBG funding in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas during the first quarter, and we are working with state leaders on behalf of our ratepayers to make the case for federal assistance through support of the operating companies in the affected area. At the state level we made filings to request interim recovery of nearly $600 million of storm cost in Louisiana and Mississippi, and we obtained important decisions in Entergy New Orleans Chapter 11 proceeding. In December the bankruptcy judge granted Entergys request that are debt financing for New Orleans. The debt financing currently stands at $90 million. In addition, the judge confirms that the insurance proceeds can be used as determined by Entergy New Orleans. Both of these decisions were important to analyze overall goal of emerging from bankruptcy as a viable entity. Outside of storm related activities there were several other fourth quarter achievements that were important to our long-term growth. In the Utility for example the Mississippi Public Service Commission approved its own recovery of the Attala acquisition paving the way for the January 06 closing. The federal energy regulatory commission issued a final order in the system agreement case essentially a firming in 05 decision. And at Entergy Gulf States, Texas, two new riders were approved. The first allows us to collect $18 million of annual capacity cost while the second allows for interim recovery of $18 million three-year of transition to competition cost while our TTC case is pending. And finally in Nuclear, our contracting efforts were successful in solidifying incremental revenue sources for the future. We executed a major multi-year contract at attractive market price. This contract along with others closed during the period increased our sold forward positions in 07, 08 and 09 by an average of 10%. Over the same years our average sold forward price for the portfolio of contracts increased $3 to $7 per megawatt hour. Now turning to our financial results for the quarter. Slide 2 shows that fourth quarter 05 as reported results were lower compared to one year ago. The reason for the decrease is attributed to the special items reported in the fourth quarter of 2004 compared to those reported this year. In 2004, we reported a net positive special of $0.18 per share. This special included the impact of tax benefits on restructuring, partially offset by a loss at Entergy coke and an impairment reserve. In 2005 special items had a negative impact on earnings, the specials reflected an impairment reserve and results from discontinued operations following our decision to sell the Texas retail business. The differences in these special items created a $0.34 per share decline quarter-over-quarter as reported result. Operational earnings in the fourth quarter of 05 were $0.59 per share, $0.09 increase over fourth quarter 04. The increase coming from higher results at both Entergy Nuclear and the non-Nuclear wholesale assets business. Slide 3 shows utility parent in other earnings declined compared to fourth quarter of last year. Lower revenues were the primary driver, including revenues at Entergy New Orleans, which are reported in other income due to the deconsolidation of that business. Industrial sales in particular were down significantly quarter-to-quarter. We still have two large refineries, customers at Entergy Louisiana that have net returned the full service, two large industrial customers remain out in New Orleans. In addition, the chemical plant in Entergy Gulf States, Louisiana service areas suffered severe damage and will not reopen, with the resulting loss of about $2.5 million of annual revenue. This is the only major industrial customer we are aware of that was a permanent casualty of the storms. We expect that one of the refineries currently down should return to full service by the end of the first quarter. However, the timing of the return of the other large customers hit by the storms is still in question. Continuing outages of these customers will reduce revenues $3-4 million for the quarter. Lower O&M expense partially offset the overall decrease and resulted to utility. We saw the continuation of storm restoration work, which lowers over now along with backend loaded expense reduction that we discussed with you early in 2005. Entergy Nuclears operational earnings per share reflected higher results compared to the same period of last year. The increase is due primarily to higher generation due to one less refueling outage and higher contract price. In addition, lower O&M due primarily to timing and the positive impact of accretion also contributed the higher results at Entergy Nuclear. Closing out the discussion of quarterly results, we look at the non-Nuclear wholesale assets business. Results in the fourth quarter of 05 were higher than a year ago, reflecting the sale of SO2 allowances in the current period. This business has been generating assets with operating attributes that had produced excess allowances. Therefore, we can periodically create value by monetizing a portion of these allowances. Slide 4 includes as reported an operational results for the full year 05 compared to 04. As reported earnings reflect an increase of 7% with improved results coming primarily from Entergy Nuclear. Full year operational earnings increased by 16% with higher contribution from each of Entergys three business segments. Favorable weather and accretion from Entergys share repurchase program were the primary contributors to the higher operational earnings at the utility in 05. These positives were largely offset by $0.26 per share negative effect due to the storms, additional $0.16 per share is associated with Entergy New Orleans alone. Entergy Nuclears full year operational results improved $0.26 per share over 25% due primarily to higher contract pricing, higher generation, lower O&M and the impact of accretion. And finally operational results for the non-Nuclear wholesale assets business improved year-over-year due to lower costs and gains on the sale of SO2 allowance. The results of this business exceeded the goal we set several years ago to achieve a breakeven position by the end of 05. As reflected in Slide 5, net cash flow from operating activities was down significantly compared to fourth quarter of 2004. The absence of sale proceeds from Entergy Coke, which came in during the fourth quarter of last year account for more than $500 million of the decrease. In addition, spending and lost revenue due to the storm stripped away another $300 million. Lastly, working capital fluctuations at the utility decreased cash, but were essentially offset by higher revenues and lower refueling outage costs at Nuclear. In spite of these effects, however, we ended the year with more than $580 million of cash and our gross liquidity position stands at $3.1 billion due to the success of our financing plan. Further, we now expect to have 2.3 billion of cash available for investments, repayment of debt or equity or dividend increases over the next three years. This level of cash availability assumes recovery of significant amount for differed fuel costs, which is cash weve already spent. The $2.3 billion also assumes realization of higher market prices from unsold nuclear generation, an incremental debt capacity that could be tapped toward the end of the period while remaining within our stated debt targets. Moving now to earnings guidance. Slide 6 reflects the major components of our as reported and operational expectations for the current year. We see06 as reported earnings in the range of $4.78 to $5.08 per share, with operational earnings in the range of $4.50 to $4.80 per share, both excluding results from Entergy New Orleans. We have excluded New Orleans because we are not in a position to provide near-term estimates for that business. The citys repopulation and the bankruptcy process both have uncertainties associated with them and we cannot predict those outcomes today. Continuing on Slide 6 we show how 06 earnings estimates build from an operational base of $4.46 per share. In the second and third bars we isolate two of the 05 variances, which provide more visibility of the forward-looking driver. The $0.10 of weather is deducted in the 05 storm effect $0.10 exclusive of the NOI is added back. This gets you back to a starting point of $4.40 per share. 06 utility drivers then follow in the next three bars. These include non-storm related rate actions and normal sales growth at the utility partially offset by the continuation of storm-related outages at Entergy Louisiana were approximately 31,000 customers remained unable to accept service. Higher operating and maintenance expense due to benefits, inflation, operating expenses for the Perryville and in California, costs will incur to implement our independent coordinator of transmission and higher interest expense that results from the $1.6 billion increase in debt at the end of 05, and our expected increased usage of the corporate revolver during 06. In Nuclear, the key 06 guidance drivers are higher contract and market energy pricing, higher generation from operates in fewer outages, higher operating and maintenance expense due to inflation and benefits expense, and increased interest expense due to market price driven collateral requirements. As our release shows, we added specific pricing assumptions based on published market prices for purposes of setting guidance for our 9% open position. In addition, we provided sensitivity so you can estimate how consolidated earnings will change as market prices moved throughout the year. Turning to Slide 7, we showed the key initiatives we are working on to shape our companys future. A few comments, no surprise that each of these initiatives has been either stability, recovery, growth or some combination of the three. This is because as I noted at the beginning, a lot remains to be done in all three areas to get us back to where we would have been in the absence of storms. We view 06 as the year of rebuilding for the utility, while the infrastructure restoration is largely behind us, our utility will focus on rebuilding or resolving issues at Entergy New Orleans and beginning storm recovery. Other key objectives we will pursue include redefining corporate headquarters and rebuilding our balance sheet to restore credit rating strength. These are not tasks that we can complete on our own, rather 06 would be a year where we must demonstrate our ability to work in a cooperative and productive manner with government officials, our regulators and the rating agencies, achieving success in these efforts is critical as we work to protect customers, shareholders, bondholders and employees from the costly effects of past and future storms. 06 would be a defining year for our nuclear business as well. With initial productivity and fleet alignment improvements in place, Nuclear will demonstrate it has the talent, capability, drive and discipline to operate in a highly competitive commodity-based business. Challenges in nuclear will come in the form of taking measured market risk to capture upside while aggressively managing cost to increased margin. In addition, nuclear will implement to be operated from our Yankee, while also initiating life extension approval processes for VY and to build them. We are successful in both of our core businesses, our goal of getting back to what we would have been in 07 and in 08, absence of storms is well within reach. Now I know you will probably be quick to ask what the success mean in terms of EPS growth, ROIC, the dividend and share repurchase. Let me assure you that all of our aspirations remained squarely in place. In fact we acknowledge that it may become necessary to revise some of them upward in the future particularly given the market price opportunities that exist in our nuclear business. But now I simply have the time to get ahead of ourselves. This is because our media priorities to work with government and regulators to recover 1.5 billion in utility storm cost. Further this recovery must be done in a way that allows us to begin paying down the $2.5 billion of financing that we effectively advanced with little more than a moments notice. It goes without saying our 06 agenda is filled with challenges. Let me share with you that we are focused on achieving timely resolution of these issues that are before us. And we intend to do so while continuing to create value and drive growth, fairly for that will be clearly evident in 07 and 08. We now turn to our Q&A session and our senior team is available to respond to your questions.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q  Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning Leo. Two questions. First is on the utility and the milestones that we are looking for in terms of Go Zone benefits, block grants being directed to the company and getting a window into how much and over what time period the individual states will allow for a recovery from customers? You know why dont we going to start to get sort of tangible numbers around those three or four areas?
A  Leo Denault: I will let Rick go ahead and start off with that.
A  Richard Smith: Good morning Greg. We are in the process right now of working with the various state committees and the legislatures and the different states on really the CDBG growing ups. And internally we have started the process of developing the applications for the CDBG and I think our expectation is, you know, we may see something out of that around mid-year, kind of the result of those efforts. On the Go Zone grants those would be part of any filing that we would make out of 2005 tax returns and thats really a situation what we are giving back the loss the number of years. So again I think thats probably sometime this summer we know the results around that. And you know the ratemaking mechanisms that youve seen, we have filed in Mississippi and Louisiana Phase I of two part filings. And in Phase I we are looking for really interim relief, it really starts from cash to come into the utilities that were significantly affected by the storm and hearings on those that are going to happen over the next couple of months and we hope to get some results out of those probably in the second quarter of this year. Well follow-up later in the year, you know Phase II filing, when I think there is, the costs will have solidified at that point in time and we will know where we stand with the CDBG, CDBG growing up insurance and we will follow-up with filings later in the year in Phase II overall so the discussion with the commissions securitization around any additional amounts that CDBG requests at above the Phase I level, and also to be talking to them about securitization or what we look to build up a larger storm reserve than we had in the past.
Q  Greg Gordon: So insurance is also expected by mid-year?
A  Richard Smith: I think well have a fair idea of what it might be and we will probably have to have some kind of regulatory mechanism that truce it up on an ongoing basis, how those funds might come in.
A  Leo Denault: Greg, this is Leo, I mean you are right, there is several ways to attack the issue here: insurance, the federal relief efforts that we are going to make as well as rate recovery. And on the insurance front, we will be starting to make preliminary or outgoing proof of loss for the insurers pretty soon but that will start to come in overtime, but we should have a pretty good idea by mid-year or so exactly where we are going to be on the insurance. And then we will continue to pursue the CDBGs and then the rate recovery as well.
A  Curt Hebert: Greg, this is Curt Hebert, just finish up on what Rick talked about with the CDBGs: the community development block grants. I think its important to kind of go back to the setting we were in the last time we talked in November. And if you remember that our point of view was that due to Stafford we really had no opportunity here so what we were trying to do is go to Washington DC, work with our leaders there, work with our state leaders and create some type of opportunity. Obviously that was done from tax initiatives the Go Zone and the community development block grants in the form of the 11.5 billion that was set down through the $29 billion package. Now, you know those opportunities we are having to work through and we are working with HUD or working with the states or working with the local recovery, efforts as well as the CDBG coordinators in Mississippi, Louisiana and Texas, but what we have done is found an opportunity now to go after some of these things and again we are hopeful that in the spring it would be some other opportunities and our work is not done in Washington, we are going to continue those efforts, not to mention continue and to try and make some changes at Stafford.
Q  Greg Gordon: Thanks. Switching to the Nuclear front, overall, this has been the nuclear story is obviously turning into a revenue growth story but over the last several years it was also a cost reduction story but in 05 and now for your projections for 06 we are seeing reasonably substantial increases in operating costs in our last visit to your Nuclear northeast headquarters, we came away with the impression that in the long run that was still operating efficiencies to be gained at the nuclear fleet. So why are we seeing sort of a systematic increase in operating costs? Thats my first question on that front.
A  Leo Denault: I will start out with that Gary. One of the things we have done is that in, we are showing you the A&G side of this as well. The same cost increases inflation in benefits costs that we have seen throughout the business are also impacting Nuclear. At the same point in time we still see cost reduction efforts. Some of the things that we have been fighting against that we didnt have to fight against when we first started were areas of security and things like that that it has increased overtime, but we still do see some opportunities to lower cost and to continue down that path. I would like Gary to go ahead and complete that.
A  Gary Taylor: Yeah this is Gary Taylor, and to build on with what Leo said, I think we have in our efforts really materialized on the things that we said we would do, as has he said but specifically mentioned benefits, increase in security costs to offset some of those, but we havent completed our first Phase and we do see some opportunities looking forward, and we have initiated internally what that next step maybe but we still believe there are some opportunities for efficiencies going forward.
Q  Greg Gordon: Okay, then the last question is on the depreciation increase, what does that related to? Is that related to the Vermont power plant operates and will that potentially reverse out when we get license extensions, can you explain whats going on there?
A - Curt Hebert: It is associated with the upgrades and other capital expenditures weve had at the plants. I really wouldnt see that that change in much going forward.
Q  Greg Gordon: Okay thanks guys.
A - Leo P. Denault: Thank you Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Khan with SAC Capital.
Q - Ashar Khan: Good morning.
A  Leo Denault: Good morning Ashar.
Q - Ashar Khan: Leo, I just wanted to understand this appendix, which was attached to the presentation No.9, youve mentioned that the storm effect was $0.26 for the year, 14 and 12 for the third and first quarter. And you also reported I guess when you reported earnings that because of this you are doing lower O&M, and hence 06 O&M is I guess in the budget is hitting by about $0.25 or so 06 versus 05. Could you quantify how much lowering O&M was in 05 because of the storms and all what was doing so, you know what is the normal license fees in O&M going from 05 to 06? Or is it caught up in the storm effect number, so I am a little bit, if you could just clarify that?
A  Leo Denault: Some of it is caught up in storm effect numbers as well because what you see is a redirection, a redirecting of O&M to storm cause, and so as we go through and calculate that $0.26 overall impact, there is a benefit I guess for a lack of a better work, two O&M for the fact that some of those hours are going into the storm part. I would say that if you look at that $0.25 increase in 2005, about 50% of that is inflation and benefits costs and things like that, we also got some added costs in there for Attala, which is probably another 25% of it and some for Perryville, which is maybe think like another 10% of that O&M number. So there is a lot, there is a few things going on in there, and then the balance of that would be redirection of O&M, you know, back to O&M as opposed to storm cost.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, and then getting back to I missed this, you mentioned regarding the free cash flow projection from 2006 and 2008. You mentioned that it was also dependent on certain recovery of certain cost, could you quantify what that number is?
A - Leo Denault: Really the recovery that we have got in that is for deferred fuel.
Q - Ashar Khan: How much is that?
A  Leo Denault: Thats probably about $400-500 million of that we voted. And as I said we have already spent that money in 05 as deferred fuel balances rose due to regulatory process going forward where we covered those dollars.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, and Leo can I just ask you if one was to, you know, we are trying to do a little bit comparison of what you were before and what this cost, how much of the 06 guidance, which is, has been impacted by the higher borrowings or the new equity stature, convertible stature kind of issued, and so you know as you look out and you get these proceeds throughout the year and you know you have the flexibility of buying back some stuff. So could you quantify to us that how this higher borrowing cost associated with all that went on in 2005, whether through the convertible instrument or the straight debt cost, how much is costing you in your 06 plan because of that?
A  Leo Denault: Well primarily that $0.10 of increased interest cost that you see is related to that.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay.
A  Leo Denault: Because as we go through time and we collect, you know, deferred fuel and things like that, well be able to reduce that burden but $0.10 is how we are quantifying what that impact is.
Q - Ashar Khan: But should I look at that $0.10 in the utility, why dont the nuclear site is there $0.05 for increased interest expense, can I know?
A  Leo Denault: The nuclear site is really related to what the company charges nuclear for the use of capital and collateral requirements, so its offset it to parent.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay.
A  Leo Denault: It nets out in terms of where it goes from nuclear to the parent but those are guaranteed fees, we have a disappointment around how we charge the business units for the capital they consume for the corporation and thats nuclears piece of that.
Q - Ashar Khan: Okay, thank you very very much.
Operator: We will go next to Kit Konolige of Morgan Stanley.
Q  Kit Konolige: Hi guys. Just to follow on the nuclear a little bit and I apologize if this is obvious to other people but on Page 7 where you are discussing the forward-looking assumptions in the nuclear segment, there is a bullet point that refers to $20.15 per megawatt hour, non-fuel O&M expense reflecting inflation of higher benefits; $19 per megawatt production cost. Whats the difference between those two numbers and I mean, why am I looking at two different numbers there?
A  Leo Denault: Okay, the basic difference is fuel and A&G. We take fuel out and A&G back in to get the O&M number versus the production costs. So production cost never included A&G expense.
Q  Kit Konolige: So the one is a cash and the other is a book cost, is that how I should look at it or?
A  Leo Denault: Not exactly, I think that they both are elements of cash and books and how you look at amortizing the fuel and the like.
Q  Kit Konolige: Right.
A  Leo Denault: So its really whats classified as O&M versus the way wed classify production cost. Production costs dont include the A&G component.
Q  Kit Konolige: Okay, okay so the 20.50 as A&G, and the $19 doesnt?
A  Leo Denault: Right.
Q  Kit Konolige: So when you are talking about rising costs, is it all across the 20.50 or is it A&G in particular?
A  Leo Denault: I am sorry, could you repeat that Kit?
Q  Kit Konolige: The rising cost over the last couple of years at nuclear?
A  Leo Denault: Yeah they have been a little both but A&G is probably the bigger component, yeah.
Q  Kit Konolige: Okay but it sounds like I should use the 20.50 going forward with some increases possibly as the incremental cost of as you sell more megawatt hours?
A  Leo Denault: Yeah thats all in, it just depends on how you are handling, I cant tell you how we are handling A&G and all that outside of it so, thats the core below. And I think you got it right Kit, I mean that has A&G component that was missing from there.
Q  Kit Konolige: Well luckily they are pretty close.
A  Leo Denault: Yeah.
Q  Kit Konolige: Okay, well we will leave that at that, and then you mentioned looking forward at Nuclear that you may be looking to the cost control which I think is discussed already but you talked about measured risk and I assume that, suggest that you may to part at least a little bit from what looks like an ongoing this year of hedging program that was pretty much all unit contingent?
A  Leo Denault: Well its a combination as we discussed before, Kit, about our hedging strategy as you know weve provided ourselves the flexibility to leave a greater portion of it open, and fell into the stock market, maybe if you look at our sold forward tables thats why this year is the first year we are going into the year with a 9% open position. And weve provided ourselves the flexibility to leave more than that open if we choose to, so thats the risk we are talking about and thats why we have actually provided you with a little more information around what the market looks like when we put this together and what the sensitivity of the portfolio is to changes in market prices.
Q  Kit Konolige: And can you give us a sense that 9% thats open for 06, is that by  can you give us an idea by season or by on-peak and off-peak which parts are open?
A  Leo Denault: Thats kind of the balance of the year, come on average, rather not get into too much detail about whats open during what market etc.
Q  Kit Konolige: Okay, alright thanks.
A  Leo Denault: Thank you Kit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Merrill Lynch.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Hi good morning.
A  Leo Denault: Hi good morning Steve.
Q  Steven Fleishman: First, Leo to clarify, your cash flow table, cash available over the next three years, you are excluding any storm recovery in there?
A  Leo Denault: Yes.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Okay, so in theory since you are asking for 1.5 billion, the 2.3 cash available could be 1.5 billion higher if you get storm recovery?
A  Leo Denault: You know it always going to depend on how we use that unwind the financing plan, what we all going forward as well.
Q  Steven Fleishman: What do you mean by that?
A  Leo Denault: Well in terms of, we put the 2.5 billion out there already in terms of increased revolver, the equity units and the like and basically we have committed ourselves to - as I said we use that as an advance on getting storm recovery. And our plan is as we go forward to use the storm recovery to put ourselves back in the same position, so its going to depend on when it comes in and how it comes in, and how we use to unwind the financing plan.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Okay, and then secondly on the new nuclear contracts, rough estimates looks like they were down in the low to mid $70 area, is that correct?
A  Leo Denault: Yeah thats roughly correct.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Okay, and then the $83 number you are using for non-hedged 06 power, is that  thats kind of a full year average price at some time beginning of this year?
A  Leo Denault: Yes, thats looking at the strip across the year.
Q  Steven Fleishman: And thats kind of a mix of RMP cost peak?
A  Leo Denault: Right, around the clock, throughout all the zones where weve got plants.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Okay, and then lastly on the storm recovery cases, it seems like the one stay where theres been some at least intervener, public oppositions been the Louisiana, could you discuss a little bit of whats going on with the Louisiana Phase I recovery, what staff and interveners are seeking and their arguments, I guess they are maybe arguing that some of this should be offset by, you know related to your on returns?
A  Richard Smith: Yeah, Steve, I think as part of their argument it is is that, running through the FRP, which kind of has been a fallback position but our point is that weve incurred a lot of cash and we need to get started on really collecting this cash to give you guys some comfort, the rating agency comfort that we are going to be treated fairly here, so we push forward with Phase I, and Phase II is really what I discussed earlier, an opportunity, I mean the increase in rates is less than 2% in the Louisiana of what we have filed and that doesnt is in securitization. So our sense is we can stay around 2 to 3% increase and accomplish everything through the storm reserve and it would be difficult to unwind an FRP filing to securitize this cost and thats really where I think both our interest lie and also the commission and the customers interest lie.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Just so I understand, in the FRP as it stands, what I think this is supposed to be kind of a big exogenous cost that was forced measure in the FRP as I recall.
A  Richard Smith: Thats right.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Were those supposed to be treated as separate items from kind of ROE calculations under the plan?
A  Richard Smith: I mean thats where this would be, typically the normal reserve is not, so we have had a normal reserve within the context of the base rate change, and then evaluate that through the FRP, but in this event its so large and significant of an impact, we are really suggesting the better way to handle is outside the FRP. And from an interim basis lets get to cash started so that we can improve the financials of those operating company, and then the thing is two, which will be six to nine months down the road, well true all that up and look at the benefits of securitization against that.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Okay so all you are suggesting is just an earlier timing?
A  Richard Smith: Okay, I think I understand that. Okay thank you very much.
Q  Steven Fleishman: Thanks Steve.
Operator: We will now move next to Daniel Ford of Lehman Brothers
Q  Daniel Ford: Thank you, I was just wondering, could you talk about the SO2 allowance sales and what all your expectations for next year?
A  Leo Denault: The SO2 allowance of sales in some of the units that we have as I mentioned in my remarks I have attribute with a generate allowances, SO2 allowances during the year. And we look at the production out of those units and the market price and we make a determination about whether or not we should or shouldnt so market prices for SO2 allowances has moved significantly during 2005, and so not only did we have what was generated in 05 but we had some from previous periods that we were able to sell into the market. Going forward its difficult to say its going to depend on how much those units run, in pursuit the allowances that they get but I think in the aggregate there maybe around a couple of thousand to 2500 allowances that are available, the markets running about I think $1000-1500 a ton at the moment, so just depending on how we utilize those units versus the market price, thats how that decision will come. It shouldnt be a significant going forward as it was in 05.
Q  Daniel Ford: Okay, by factor of how for something?
A  Leo Denault: That will probably be a little bit more than that because wed, as I said we had some from previous years when prices were a lot lower.
Q  Daniel Ford: Right. Going to the nuclear area, you do not anticipate any additional refueling or outages relative to 2005, right?
A  Leo Denault: Ill let Gary talk about that.
A  Gary Taylor: Are you talking as far as plan refueling outages?
Q  Daniel Ford: Right.
A  Gary Taylor: And actually we have one less in 2006, we only have two in 2006, one in the spring and one in the fall.
Q  Daniel Ford: Okay, and just from a number some point, is there still some lingering effect from I mean stock repurchase or what is the program at this point, none of it is in effect, what is the statures at this point?
A  Leo Denault: We stopped the repurchase program when the storms hit, and we had about $400 million of the program left to go of the $1.5 billion program, and we obtained authority from the board to extend that program, as you recall it was supposed to expire  it was completed by the end of 06. I mean we have got an approval from the board to complete that by the end of 08, so depending on how things workout with the rest of the business in the nuclear northeast and the like that, that program would come back later. Right now we dont have anything in there for 06.
Q  Daniel Ford: Okay, so its likely to be after you have settled all of the recoveries?
A  Leo Denault: Right, and see what we are 
Q  Daniel Ford: Great thank you.
A  Leo Denault: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Q - Michael Lapides: Hi guys, couple of just questions on the regulated businesses, Entergy are consigned if I understand, I was under the impression that there would be a rate filing or rate case regarding recovery of the cost for the steam generators, where does that stay? Has that put on hold?
A  Gary Taylor: Michael, it has temporarily because of the events around the system agreement, and we are really, there is a variety of things that go into a rate request and you know although the ANO steam generator was put in place at the end of 05, we will be looking at what does the numbers look like at the end of 05, what they look in mid-year 06, we have a compliance filing that we will be making effort around the system agreement so one of our issues have been to make sure that we have that compliance filing sink it up with any rate request in Arkansas, so we are still evaluating that and wouldnt really make a definite answer here probably until later in the year.
Q - Michael Lapides: Okay, and what is the impact of rates in Mississippi of adding Attala?
A  Leo Denault: Its probably about $0.03. You are looking for the earnings impact?
Q - Michael Lapides: I was just thinking of the overall revenue requirement but.
A  Leo Denault: No, no, the revenue requirement probably be $10-15 million but I think Michele could give you the proper number on that.
Q - Michael Lapides: Okay, thanks guys.
A  Leo Denault: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Well move next to Neil (Ph) at Asset Management.
Q - Neil: Yeah good morning, and a few question if I could, would you expect cash flow from operations to be in 06?
A  Leo Denault: We expect it to get back to a level of $2 billion.
Q - Neil: I guess like 2 billion was what you expected last year and then, on top of that youll get some fuel recovery, would that be sort of the two major pieces?
A  Leo Denault: Its pretty much yeah, but we are going to have, thats going to be reduced also by lower, you know, that the fact we have got the storm impacts still lingering out there, just one extent but, but it should get back over $2 billion, yes.
Q - Neil: Are you getting any proceeds from the EK sale in 2006?
A  Leo Denault: Yes we are.
Q - Neil: How much would that be about?
A  Leo Denault: Probably about $100 million.
Q - Neil: Is that in cash flow from ops?
A  Leo Denault: That will show up actually in the best of cash.
Q  Neil: Okay, and then in the long-term cash flow guidance, do you assume completion of the 1.5 billion share repurchase, that is I want to confirm that?
A  Leo Denault: Yes.
Q - Neil: Okay. You know as far as the retail business, do you have a sale process in place timeline for completing it?
A  Leo Denault: Well probably be done with that this quarter.
Q - Neil: This quarter?
A  Leo Denault: In the first quarter yeah.
Q - Neil: Where is it valued on the balance sheet now?
A  Leo Denault: Its  I dont know exactly, Ill have Michele give you on that, in terms of exactly where it shows up.
Q - Neil: In the 2.3 billion 3-year cash flow forecast, do you assume any proceeds from the sale?
A  Leo Denault: From the sale of the
Q - Neil: Retail business?
A  Leo Denault: Retail business, no thats not in operating cash.
Q - Neil: So that will be incremental?
A  Leo Denault: No itd be in a different, itd probably in the best of cash.
Q - Neil: Im talking about the 2.3 billion 3-year, you are taking into account for using.
A  Leo Denault: No, its not really in it.
Q - Neil: Okay. What sort of in your 06 guidance, what sort of normalized sales growth do you assume, yeah I know I think you have 4% but adjusted for the hurricanes and all that?
A  Leo Denault: Its about 1.5% outside of the recovery piece of that that gets you into the full range.
Q - Neil: And I guess that excludes New Orleans from the 05 basis as well?
A  Leo Denault: Yes, yes.
Q - Neil: So do you think 1.5 to 2% is still a good long-term sales growth forecast?
A  Leo Denault: You know its difficult to say, too probably seem strong base on recent history but Id say 05 is a difficult one to even though we have a lot of data around where 05 is, its difficult one to use as a balance off point because the impact of the storms in that, and the netting of people who left one jurisdiction maybe for another I think like that.
Q - Neil: I think outside New Orleans in your October presentation, you said there was revenues would be about $24 million in 06, which took into account from lost customers offset by gains elsewhere, is that still a good number?
A  Leo Denault: Yeah I think so.
Q - Neil: Okay, what sort of tax rate do you assume for 06?
A  Leo Denault: I think the effective tax rate is around 37% or so?
Q - Neil: Is that the same as 05?
A  Leo Denault: Its roughly the same yeah.
Q - Neil: Last year you got a benefit from the Jobs Act, which was around $0.07 or so. Does that sort of go away or are there other things that keep the tax rate lower?
A  Leo Denault: In terms of what weve got going forward in terms of  I dont think there was anything in 05, Neil I think thats
Q - Neil: I believe in the first quarter you had a $0.07 benefit from repatriating cash?
A  Leo Denault: Okay, yes yes, thats correct, I am sorry, but there isnt any in06 because thats really going to be that production credit, that we are going to get and we are going to start to see that in future period.
Q - Neil: And that will be more in 07 and beyond, right?
A  Leo Denault: Yes, yes.
Q - Neil: Is there anyway you could quantify that?
A  Leo Denault: Not really right now.
Q - Neil: And then in 06 you have like $0.08 decommissioning, or in 05 you had $0.08 decommissioning gain, anything like that in 06 guidance?
A  Leo Denault: Thats difficult to say, there really there is nothing really knew in there, its just a continuation of what we did in those previous decommissioning study. So its not going to be play as large as it was going forward previously but there is still some lingering impact going forward.
Q - Neil: Okay. And just I wanted to clarify a question I think Steve Fleishman was asking regarding the 3-year cash flow forecast and, you know it doesnt assume any recovery at the storm cost but I think in your analysis where you look at debt capacity at 800 million of incremental debt capacity over the period assuming a staple of 50% debt, that assumes al the storm laid debt stays on the balance sheet, correct?
A  Leo Denault: Yes.
Q - Neil: It does?
A  Leo Denault: Yes.
Q - Neil: Okay, those all are my questions, thank you.
A  Leo Denault: Thanks Neil.
Operator: We will now go to Terran Miller of UBS.
Q  Terran Miller: My questions has been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on we will go to Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Q  Paul Patterson: Good morning guys, most of my questions had been answered, but I just wanted to touch base with you on I think Gregs question about the license extensions, you indicated that they were not expected to have an impact on depreciation going forward, is that right?
A  Leo Denault: Its already factored in.
Q  Paul Patterson: You guys already have factored into it, you are already carrying your depreciation that you are going to get the extensions, is that right?
A  Leo Denault: To some effect, yes.
Q  Paul Patterson: And just finally on the Vermont Yankee operate, I know you guys have accomplished a lot there with the NRC and also with the state but it always seems that the state has some issue, could you just briefly go over what the Vermont Yankee situation actually is with respect to the upgrading, what have you?
A  Gary Taylor: I think, its Gary Taylor, as you said, we accomplished quite a bit, we did get the atomic commission on safeguards that rules unanimously on all the issues as well as the NRC issuing their notes, you can have this report, so we would expect to hear from the NRC this quarter, we do have a CPG from the state, I know that the state itself has to look at that in relation with some conditions that they had put on it as far as the NRCs evaluation but that NRC report was very very clean and the ACRS reiterate that, so we fully expect to be able to inform with that by the end of the first quarter.
Q  Paul Patterson: Okay so just to recapture on Vermont, because thats where it gets a little bit confusing to me or at least that OE seems to be more of an issue than what one might expect, where are we with Vermont, and when do you expect that to be sort of resolved? And when do you think will actually see the upgrade?
A  Gary Taylor: Well, we have a to get a public good, which is whats required by the state of Vermont, and we have to wait on the license amendment coming from the NRC, which we would expect the latter part of this quarter, and with those we fully intent to be able to increase power at the plant.
Q  Paul Patterson: And how much will that increase terawatt hours?
A  Gary Taylor: 95 megawatts upgrade and off the top of my head, I dont have that number but Michele will get that for you.
Q  Paul Patterson: Because when we look at the Entergy Nuclear numbers on Page 5, there doesnt seems to be much of a change in terawatt hours, I was just wondering if its factored in or how?
A  Gary Taylor: It is factored in.
Q  Paul Patterson: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Well go next to Zack Schreiber with Duquesne Capital.
Q - Zack Schreiber: Hi guys, its Zack Schreiber from Duquesne, can you hear me?
A  Leo Denault: Yes Zack we can.
Q - Zack Schreiber: I just wanted to follow-up on the hurricane recovery issues and the community block development grants, in terms of the process, has the $11 billion that was in the DOD spending bill yet been allocated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, yes or no? And then has the State of Louisiana yet filed with its applications with the HUD? And have you guys yet filed your own applications? And then lastly and relatively when the enabling legislation was passed in the State of Louisiana to effectively allow community block development grant dollars to flow from state coffers into private corporations, was there either an explicit or implicit agreement amongst yourselves and various Louisiana politicians and stakeholders as to how much money the corporation would be receiving?
A  Leo Denault: Kurt, why dont you go ahead.
A  Curt Hebert: Thanks Zack, glad to talk to you about that. Its a process as far as community block grants, is moving forward, as you know the appropriation has been approved by Congress to go to HUD, you know the term allocation is not one that I would use, the money is there, it has been appropriated by Congress, it will be there, the states will be applying entities like ourselves that are interested in getting monies to offset charges to customers, will be presenting their stories and their issues and their cost to those states, some as you had mentioned, maybe sending some of that to private authorities like local recovery groups or something that maybe similar to the Manhattan situation that you had after 9/11 in New York, all of those things are moving forward. Now exactly how much money any entity be it a homeowner or Entergy Corporation may or may not get is just something that is unknown at this time. As Ive said earlier when I was kind of presenting this, you know the setting we were in back in November, the important thing I think for us to look at right now is the setting we were in at that time, where due to Stafford, we had no opportunity, had we been a public power system or one of the electric power associations, we would have had the opportunity to go get you know $0.70, $0.80 or $0.90 on the dollar, and keep that cost from being pushed to our customers. Here what we had to do is we had to work with our leaders in Washington and the state leaders to try to present some type of opportunity to our customers so that we can offset what otherwise would be required to put in the rate basis prudently incurred storm cost. So, I cant give you an exact number, I know you would like to have that. I think the important thing for us to realize right now Zack is that an opportunity has been created.
Q - Zack Schreiber: No doubt.
A  Curt Hebert: I think lots of people saw that at that time as a long put, so if you want to see that weve made one long put while working with a good group of people and I have to congratulate Congress, you know, we are really working on our game here and we are trying to make certain that weve got every opportunity, I just cant give you a number.
Q - Zack Schreiber: But to make sure I understand when I think Rick had said you know a few months, six months, I think mid-year 06, that was to be to actually have money in the bank from the whole community block development grant process playing itself out or was that to be at some more sort of a developed milestone along or much longer community block development grant road, what was happened by mid-year 06, help with that?
A  Curt Hebert: Are you asking me will we have a complete answer?
Q - Zack Schreiber: I think we could say we expect some clarity or some resolution of the whole community block development grant by mid 06?
A  Curt Hebert: Yeah I think optimistically we would like to have some type of indication by mid 06, again I just cant give you a timeframe to say by the end of July am I going to have an absolute up or down or an absolute amount for you? We have done everything within our power, making certain that weve got consult at some board from the very beginning that we were through this process because what we did, as soon as we knew about this situation, as soon as we knew that we had the chance to create an opportunity, we brought people in who had worked through the 9/11 process, who had worked with HUD, who had worked with OMB, and so we are well ahead of the process as being prepared to give our application, and thats what Ricks talking about us having our application ready to give to the states so that states will know what our needs are and so they can act on that appropriately. I would hope by mid-year that we have some clear signal that we are going to get some dollars and hopefully what those dollars would be, I just cant tell you what they are at this point, and I cant tell you if it would be completely nail down by that point.
Q - Zack Schreiber: Got it, and just to make sure that we understand that the process, the process is that Congress has given the money to HUD and then the states have to then file with HUD for certain amount of money and file plans with HUD after how they intend to allocate that money and its subject to HUD Zido (Ph) and then you guys along that same timeframe file your plans with these to be created local development corporations, which will then be making the filings at HUD, is that  the process is, are there other steps that are missing?
A  Leo Denault: Well, not every state will have a local development authority, as a matter of fact I don't know that Mississippi is, it sounds like they may not, they may just work through their state, as far as Louisiana that decision is yet to be made, but you know as far as how it works in the application process, that is pretty much how it works. HUD has already given pretty much its guidance as to what its asking the states to do, and what its asking the states to give them. Again, by looking back and seeing what happened at 9/11, what we were able to do is go back in and get some lessons learned because last thing we wanted to do is to get into the timeframe that they talked about there, we wanted to speed up the process so hopefully you are going to see some of that showed space here in result and not only in opportunity but something that we can close a door on in and find success in, but I just cant give you a firm date on exactly when that is, but many lessons have been learnt since 9/11 and well see exactly how that works through the process.
Q - Zack Schreiber: Now you had passed that, he Sate of Louisiana had passed a legislation to sort of enable via transfer at the state level. Is there other legislation that has to be passed in other states like Mississippi to allow the community block development grants to pass from the state coffers to a private corporation or does enabling legislation in the stature to each one of your states that met with a hurricane right now exist to allow the transfer of federal dollars in the state coffers and then into private corporations?
A  Leo Denault: Well, I mean you are right, each and every state kind of has its own flavor of how it deals with private corporations, but the one thing Zack its gets important to understand to focus on, is it, you know, community development block grants in dealing with private corporations who may or may not seek direct or indirect benefit from there, its something that these states are accustomed to dealing with. Almost every  well every state has a community development block rank coordinator that I am aware of, because they are continually trying to get help from the federal government in areas that they see help is needed in, so we dont see any, if the  your question is, do we see any issues there and any problems with us getting allocations? We do not.
Q - Zack Schreiber: Got it. And then just a small question on Louisiana and the Phase II of the recovery, a follow-up on Steve Fleishmans question, do you plan on the Phase II process going through the full FRP process or is it just in the Phase I you want to avoid, the FRP so its really just the timing issue or is it sudden that you want this whole process to be outside of the FRP?
A  Richard Smith: Zack, this is Rick, wed want the whole process to be outside the FRP.
Q - Zack Schreiber: Great, and then second last question, actually last question, I think Leo you had mentioned that we have these fees aspirations and they are all the aspirations that folks like myself and other investors were looking forward to pride the hurricanes and, you know the whole ghost been to get back to that aspiration level in the stock buyback and dividends and higher earnings, you mentioned that Leo, I thought heard you say that its possible that youd be exceeding your aspirations based on where power prices are and back in the gas curve, could you elaborate on that, I want to make sure I heard that right, you kind of threw it in there?
A  Leo Denault: No, I mean I think Zack its since prior to the storms, between that and now theres been a marked move in power price.
Q - Zack Schreiber: Right.
A  Leo Denault: And so that, you know what I found, certainly changes are picture going forward as it relates the nuclear northeast and what the opportunities are there, weve got a balance that against all the other work weve got to do in terms of the utility and the regulatory process and the like, but thats certainly out there now an opportunity that didnt exist prior to the storms.
Q - Zack Schreiber: Got it. Okay, thanks so much guys, good luck.
A  Leo Denault: Thanks Zack.
Operator: And that does conclude todays question and answer session. Ms. Lopiccolo, Ill turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Michele Lopiccolo, Investor Relations: Okay thank you operator, and thanks to all for participating this morning. Before we close we remind you to refer to our release in website for Safe Harbor and Regulation-G compliance statements. Our call was recorded and can be accessed for the next seven days by dialing 719-457-0820, replay code is 3816450. This concludes our call, thank you.
